The owner of Croatian Agrokor group Ivica Todoric has said it is easier to invest in Serbia than in Croatia. In an interview with the Serbian press, Todoric said that investments in Croatia are problematic and that Serbia has much more room for investment. "If I were from Serbia, I would invest much less in Croatia. "Serbia has a big opportunity for production, export and competitiveness of agriculture and food industry. That is why our strategic orientation is to invest big resources in our companies here," he added. Through its companies in Serbia, Agrokor has invested over 450 million Euros and employs over seven thousand workers with plans to expand in the near future. Todoric just completed a purchase of two exclusive locations in the centre of Belgrade previously used as cinemas. The CEO of Droga Kolinska Slobodan Vucicevic said that Serbian shelves were getting increasing amounts of Croatian products, while the situation with Serbian products in Croatia was rather dismal. "The business in our companies in Croatia is stagnant. What we achieved last year, that is that - no progress has been made since.  The only new thing is that the shelves in Serbia have become even more open to Croatian products. "It is clear that those psychological barriers need to come down. It should be allowed that Serbian products enter the market, and then the consumers can decide," Vucicevic said. Bojan Radun, the executive director of Serbian company "Nektar" said that more than 50 per cent of the Croatian chains do not want to sell their merchandise, or they keep a very limited assortment. "There exists a quiet boycott," he said. Todoric commented on his company Mivela's sponsorship of the Serbian national soccer team.      "Why not? If we want to make business and ensure our investment succeeds, we have to have a market and marketing. It would be weird if Mivela supports the representation of Uruguay. " "We are here in Serbia and we know our responsibility and behaviour," Todoric concluded.


