Austrian police yesterday (FRI) closed the investigation into the kidnapping of Natascha Kampusch saying there was "no evidence" anyone else was involved. But the move was slammed by Natascha's dad Ludwig Koch who was the only family member who never gave up hope his daughter was alive. He claimed that even now - twelve years after her kidnapping - police had still failed to do a proper job. He said: "They have solved nothing, nothing has been answered." And he pledged to continue with his own campaign to find "others that were involved in the kidnapping". Austrian police meanwhile in a press conference to announce their final conclusion admitted "big mistakes" had been made in the search for the kidnapper, at the same time as they announced the case was closed. One police officer for example had even named Wolfgang Priklopil as the possible kidnapper in a letter to superiors that was ignored. Ernst Geiger, head of the department for organised crime at the Austrian Federal Crime Office (BK), took responsibility for not checking on the statements by the officer, a Vienna police dog squad leader. The man told investigators soon after Kampusch escaped after leaving her Vienna flat for school in 1998 that an obscure loner from Strasshof could have something to do with her disappearance after hearing that police were checking on owners of a white Volkswagen van. A girl who saw the kidnapping observed how Kampusch was snatched from the street by "two men" and dragged into the "white Volkswagen van" in Vienna-Donaustadt. It only emerged years later that police did not check up on the claims of the officer, while investigators also had to admit that Priklopil's VW was even searched and he was questioned. But officers let him go after he told them he was doing some renovation work at his house and needed the van to help move building materials. "The tip-off about Priklopil was estimated incorrectly under stress and in the hectic state of developments back then. This was a big mistake," BK official Geiger said today, adding that the error had occurred in his department. Geiger also announced today that they believed Wolfgang Priklopil - who committed suicide by jumping in front of a train on the day Kampusch escaped in summer 2006 - had been acting on his own. "We are sure there are no accomplices," he stressed, reacting to ongoing speculation that accomplices could exist and they were currently plotting to kill Kampusch. Thomas M hlbacher, head of the Graz state prosecution who took over investigations into possible police errors and cover-ups last year, said jailer Priklopil's former best mate Ernst Holzapfel was not regarded as a suspect any more even after the Vienna-based businessman gave contradicting statements. Holzapfel told cops Priklopil had never told him about the kidnapping, but admitted in recent interviews his sick pal had poured out his heart about the kidnapping on the day Kampusch fled from his house in Strasshof an der Nordbahn just outside Vienna. M hlbacher said Holzapfel could however face charges over abetment of suicide and connivance for lying to investigators for three-and-a-half years about the day in August 2006. The prosecutor also explained the girl who had witnessed the kidnapping had withdrawn her claims that she saw two men dragging Kampusch into the white VW van. Speaking about why Holzapfel transferred around 36,000 Euros to Priklopil shortly after the kidnapping, M hlbacher explained this happened in an attempt to evade taxes. M hlbacher and Vienna head prosecutor Werner Pleischl announced 120 people had been interviewed since investigations restarted last year. "The theory that there were more than one kidnapper can be ruled out," Pleischl stressed at the press conference held in Vienna to mark the end of investigations. He explained investigation of DNA traces in Priklopil's house confirmed that the sick perpetrator of the young woman now aged 21 had been acting on his own. Officials also announced German police did not find any evidence Priklopil was involved in a child pornography ring as one German witness had claimed. Thomas Vogel, from Tengen in the southern German state of Baden-W rttemberg, told police he was in possession of a video showing the girl, her kidnapper and another man in the cellar dungeon below the house in Strasshof. Vienna police chiefs said today German experts had found no such material on Vogel's computer after they had confiscated it. There were doubts from the start whether Vogel's claims were of any substance since he had set up a sick condolences book on the internet shortly after it emerged kidnapper Priklopil had killed himself. And it emerged that Vogel had a criminal record of around 50 various offences such as trying to sell a forged Picasso painting. Asked why Priklopil decided to kidnap a girl, Graz prosecutor M hlbacher said the loner might had got a "personal crisis" after realising he would be unable to find a woman in his life. Natascha Kampusch last week branded claims by Austrian magazine profil that she had fled her sick jailer twice during captivity but returned within hours a "sheer lie" and a "low point in covering my past." Kampusch - who recently compared the life she was living in Vienna today with the one of a hermit crab - said: "The claim I returned to my kidnapper voluntarily after successfully fleeing from him twice is a sheer lie and a perfidious statement." Instead of speaking to me or the state prosecutor about it, anonymous informers are quoted," she added, stressing she had been "shocked" by the claims. Meanwhile a new TV documentary about the case is to be broadcast this month. The German 45-minute production "Natascha Kampusch - 3.096 Tage Gefangenschaft" (Natascha Kampusch - 3,096 Days in Captivity) will be screened by German broadcaster ARD on 25 January. Kampusch - who acquired her kidnapper's house and BMW shortly after she fled in 2006 "to ensure it does not fall into wrong hands" - allowed the production team to film inside the house as well as in the cellar basement she is considering filling in with concrete.


