The outcome of takeover talks with a group of Indian businessmen is seen as the key factor over whether Blackburn Rovers boss Sam Allardyce gets the go-ahead to snatch Rapid Vienna star Nikica Jelavic. The Premiership club is reportedly ready to offer five million Euros for the Croatian national team striker who is also targeted by Portuguese champs Benfica. Jelavic, 24, scored 18 league goals last season and delivered strong performances in the Europa League last autumn. Nicknamed the "Flying Foretress", he is regarded as being among the players with the best headers in Europe. Former Newcastle United coach Allardyce expressed interest in Jelavic last month, revealing he had sent scouts out to check his skills. British sports newspapers report today (Tues) that ongoing takeover talks between Blackburn officials and an Indian consortium were a vital aspect regarding planned transfers as the club hoped for an injection of fresh money from the possible deal. Jelavic is under contract at Rapid - who finished the league in third - until 2012. Austrian champions Red Bull Salzburg meanwhile welcomed David Mendes da Silva for routine health checks. The 27-year-old midfielder is expected to join the club coached by Huub Stevens from Dutch side AZ Alkmaar. Mendes performed for the Dutch national team seven times, but is not part of the country's World Cup squad. The "Bulls" beat Romanian team Dinamo Bucharest 2-1 on Sunday, while vice champions Austria Vienna lost against Maccabi Haifa FC 1-2. Bundesliga bosses meanwhile decided to ban SV Mattersburg striker Ilco Naumoski for the first five matches of the 2010/2011 season kicking off on the weekend of 17 July, Austrian Times has reported. The Macedonian insulted the referee during his team's 7-1 win over Burgenland amateur team SV Jennersdorf last month. Wacker Innsbruck manager Walter Kogler was slapped a 1,500-Euro fine for insulting the ref in a test match against Ukrainian giants Dynamo Kiev (0-1). Austrian national team star Christian Fuchs is meanwhile linked with German vice champs Schalke 04. German media claim that Schalke 04 boss Felix Magath was ready to transfer two million Euros to VfL Bochum, the defender's club which was relegated into the second league last season.


