President of Serbia, Boris Tadic, paid respects and offered apologies for the Croatian victims of Serb aggression who were killed near Vukovar in 1991. He visited the town yesterday (Thu). "I am here today to bow to the victims and my intention is to pay my respects. I am here, to once again deliver words of apology, to express regret and to create an opportunity for Serbia and Croatia to turn over a new page in history," President Tadic told those gathered at the memorial site. "My wish is to create a possibility for Serbia and Croatia to turn a new page in history, to create a possibility for our children to be relieved of the burden [of the past], to establish politics of good neighbourly relations and cooperation which open possibilities for people - politics that are in total contrast to those of the 90s," he added. On November 20, 1991, the members of former Yugoslav National Army and Serb paramilitary forces killed 200 Croatian civilians and soldiers at the nearby Ovcara. A majority of the victims were patients deported from the Vukovar hospital. "At Ovcara, in Vukovar, bowing to the victims we think of the future," Tadic said. "Recognising the crime in our apology and with our expressed regret, new possibilities for forgiveness and reconciliation are created. When our nations make peace, a new future opens up." "And that is why I think that everything that has happened between Serbs and Croats in the 20th century must be put into one book of past, and that today's act represents the creation and writing of a new book for the future," said Tadic. Croatian president Ivo Josipovic added that the leader's presence at Ovcara is not only an expression of condolences, but also a commitment to punishing every crime that was committed. "We came to show that a different kind of politics is possible - a politics of peace," Josipovic said, After visit to Ovcara, the two presidents went to Paulin Dvor, a site where Croatian soldiers killed 17 Serbs and one Hungarian civilian during the war. "Reconciliation implies the understanding of others' suffering also," Josipovic added. "Reconciliation is our goal and believe me we will accomplish it, and Croatia and Serbia will be friendly neighbours."


