Sturm Graz are rank outsiders in terms of entering the UEFA Europa League group stage after losing to Juventus 1-2 last night (Thurs). The team managed by Franco Foda conceded an early goal (Leonardo Bonucci, 16') but also had several decent chances to score. Croatian centre-back Gordon Schildenfeld's powerful header found the net eight minutes from the end, before Juve striker Amauri Carvalho de Oliveira made it 1-2 for the Italian giants in the first minute of overtime. Foda commented: "This is a very bitter defeat. My team didn't deserve this. They played well and followed all instructions brilliantly. Unfortunately, we missed many chances to score." Juve boss Luigi del Neri said: "I'm happy with the result - which is a good base for the return leg - but not with my team's performance. (.) We faced a strong opponent tonight who had the support of impressive fans'', Austrian Times has reported. The result means that the Austrian  FB Cup champions - who came in fourth in the past Bundesliga season - must win the second leg in Turin next week to reach the event's group stage. Sturm defeated Georgian club FC Dinamo Tbilisi in the third qualification round to play Juventus, for whom Austrian goalkeeper Alexander Manninger did not keep goal last night. Meanwhile, Rapid Vienna had just a 1-1 draw against English club Aston Villa in their Europa League qualifier. Barry Bannan took the lead in the 12th minute, before Rapid's German midfielder Steffen Hofmann equalised 20 minutes later. Rapid, who came in third in the 2009/2010 season, had the better chances to win the match. The Green-Whites reached the group stage of the previous Europa League by knocking out Villa at the same stage. Austrian Bundesliga vice champions Austria Vienna lost the first leg of their Europa League qualifier against Thessaloniki F.C. in Greece 0-1 on Tuesday. Red Bull Salzburg boss Huub Stevens only sees a 30 per cent chance of reaching the UEFA Champions League's group stage after his team lost their first leg clash with Israeli champions Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C. 2-3 on Wednesday.


