The lawyer for the Italian on trial over the deaths of two Irish women in Rome has accused Hungarian and Italian authorities of not being interested in finding out the truth. Mary Collins, 28, from Athy, Co Kildare, and Elizabeth Gubbins, 27, from Lisnagry, Co Limerick, died after they were hit by Friedrich Vernarelli's Mercedes as they were returning from a St Patrick's Day celebration in 2008. Two Hungarians sought by the defence as key witnesses have refused the Italian court's request to attend the trial. Vernarelli, 33, has claimed from the outset of the trial that Zsolt Balogh and Andras Kozma were in the car with him that night, and that one of them was the driver. However, Balogh and Kozma have informed judge Anna Maria Pazienza that they do not want to reply to questions from Italian prosecutors or participate in a video conference with the court in Rome. The trial was adjourned in September to give Vernarelli's legal team time to track down the pair, but his lawyer, Giovanni Marcellitti, has expressed his frustration at what he calls a lack of cooperation from the authorities. "I have a feeling neither the Hungarian or Italian authorities want to do more to find out the truth," Marcellitti said. "A formal international request was sent to their official residence in Hungary -- through the Hungarian Justice Ministry -- but I know they're not in Hungary any more. "Their lawyers told the judge they had gone abroad and cannot reply to our questions. The judge seems to be OK with that. For me it's not at all OK." Marcellitti said the two Hungarians are now in Leeds, and that he believed they could still be forced to testify. "The authorities have the power go to England and catch the two Hungarians but they seem to be content with their lawyers' reply." "We want at least that they sit in front of a Hungarian judge and tell him they are exercising their right not to reply. He added that the Italian judge had decided to lodge the formal international request after the Hungarian Justice Ministry said the court in Hungary couldn't arrange a video conference with the Italian court. "It's unbelievable. They told us if we wanted a video conference, we would have to pay 2,000 euro." Hungarian Justice ministry spokesperson Eva Oravecz declined to comment in detail, but said the two are still being sought. Budapest City Court press officer Alexandra Ivanova said: "As far as we know, the two gentlemen in question were not cited as accused, but as witnesses. As soon as they would become accused, the investigation would move up a gear, I assume, both in Hungary and in Italy."


