The Croatian American Charitable Foundation has held its 8th Annual Charity Golf Outing and Awards Dinner at North Hills Country and Cherry Valley Club in Long Island, New York. Over 230 golfers and 60 companies helped raise money for the American Cancer Society, Doctors Without Borders, The Cam Neely Foundation and the Croatian Mine Action Centre. "It was our most successful fundraising event ever," said Tomislav Nogalo, President of the CACF. "We are so grateful to have such a loyal group of people, sponsors and companies that participate in this event every year." Considered to be one of the most successful Croatian based charities in North America, The CACF has, since 2003, donated over $750,000 to various charities throughout the world but has paid particular attention to the de-mining of Croatia. "Our golf outing has become an international event, with Croatians around the world joining in the festivities," said David Rosini, board member of the CACF Some of the special guests this year included soccer legend Davor Suker, President of the Istria Region of Croatia Mr. Ivan Jakovcic and Croatian Consul General of New York Mr. Marijan Grubic. Two days prior to the outing Mr. Suker held a "Mini Clinic" for charity, with all proceeds benefitting the CACF. The event, held at the NYIT school in Westbury, was a tremendous success. With donated items from New York Giants All-Pro Offensive Tackle David Diehl, IDC/Johns Manville and Davor Suker, the CACF was able to raise an additional $10,000 through a lively and entertaining auction that evening. Some of the items auctioned off were an all expense paid trip to see the New York Jets/Denver Broncos NFL game on October 17th, a signed football and jersey from David Diehl and two signed National team jersey's from Davor Suker. Over 50 items were raffled that evening, including items donated by the New Jersey Nets of the NBA, New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer and the Long Island Lizards of Major League Lacrosse. New York City restaurants Arno, Murano and Triomphe also donated all inclusive dinner packages as well. The event hit an emotional peak during the presentation of checks to each of the charities when Matthew Sikeric came up to accept the donation to the Cam Neely Foundation. Matthew's brother, Joey, passed away due to brain cancer the previous year. This tragic event inspired the CACF to start donating to the Cam Neely Foundation on behalf of Joey Sikeric. "It was a difficult and emotional moment for us all when Matthew came up to accept our donation," said Tom Nogalo. "The time and effort put in by our volunteers and committee to make this happen really hits home when moments like this occur. It makes all of us realise why we make the effort."


