Swimmer Dinko Jukic has said he will stay in politics regardless of the outcome of autumn's Vienna vote. Christine Marek, head of the Vienna branch of the conservative People's Party ( VP), revealed earlier this week that the Dubrovnik-born swimmer will run in the party's Meidling district list. The  VP hopes Jukic will win the support of the thousands of Croats living in Vienna. Now the European Championship medallist stressed he would not back off from the political landscape if his bid in the 10 October city election flopped. "I'll definitely continue to pursue a career in politics after the election. I want to get my ideas across and change the city for the better," the 21-year-old said today. Jukic - whose swimmer sister has supported the Social Democrats (SP ) over the years - dismissed claims his swimming career would suffer due to his political engagement. He said: "Many city parliament members have got other things going on and are able to handle it, so I'm sure I'll be able to do so too." Analysts give the  VP little chances of retaining its second place in Vienna, stressing that the main focus of the media will be on the clinch between SP  Mayor Michael H upl and Heinz-Christian Strache, leader of the right-wing Freedom Party, Austrian Times has reported. The FP  came third with 14.8 per cent in the 2005 city election, held just months after all federal FP  ministers left the party to join late right-wing spearhead J rg Haider's new Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZ ). The  VP won 18.8 per cent, while 49.1 per cent were enough for the SP  to win the majority of seats in the city parliament. Polls suggest the party will suffer losses, with the FP  expected to overtake the  VP. Rumour has it the  VP would be the SP 's first choice option for a coalition if it failed to retain its absolute majority. Newspapers have branded the election the "ultimate showdown" between H upl and Strache. The Vienna SP  boss, who has been mayor of the city since 1994, is expected to hand power over to a fellow city councillor next year regardless of the October ballot's result. H upl is popular within the party and among Vienna citizens, but was criticised by some SP  officials for calling Strache a "loser" over fears the right-winger can only benefit from such insult. Strache's main campaign issue is the SP 's immigration policy, while the  VP has accused H upl's team of excessive spending.


