Zelena akcija (Green Action) from Zagreb, Croatia and CEE Bankwatch Network today unveiled a 'menu' of 13 environmentally or socially harmful projects in southeast Europe financed by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD). At a press conference on the day before the EBRD opens its annual meeting in Zagreb, activists from six southeast European countries outlined examples of environmentally harmful - or simply ineffective - projects. "Beyond the pomp and glare of the EBRD's high-level meetings and receptions, real people and the environment are impacted every day - for good or for bad - by projects financed by the bank, including power plants, motorways and waste management centres," said CEE Bankwatch Network's Southeast Europe Co-ordinator, Fidanka Bacheva McGrath. "While the bank does make some good investments, for example in energy efficiency, overall it is promoting transport, energy, consumption and waste management systems which are simply not sustainable. The EBRD's continued support for coal and oil projects is particularly scandalous in this era when serious emissions reductions are needed." "Some of the projects on the list may seem surprising, as they appear to solve environmental problems," added Marijan Galovic, co-ordinator for monitoring financial institutions at Zelena akcija. "Unfortunately they represent wasted opportunities. The waste management projects, for example, fail to put Croatia on the path to high re-use and recycling levels and will still result in the vast majority of waste being landfilled. On the other hand, the Zagreb wastewater treatment plant, although some form of treatment was definitely needed, is oversized and overpriced - EUR 326.7 million at the last count - and doesn't even process the sludge properly." The EBRD's Board of Governors is expected to approve a EUR 10 billion capital increase for the bank at its meeting tomorrow. In January of this year Bankwatch and 45 other civil society organisations including Zelena akcija put forward a set of proposals to the bank and its shareholder countries for steps the bank needs to make if this extra money is to benefit people and the environment. "Among the most urgent steps the EBRD needs to take are to phase out lending for fossil fuel projects and aviation, and to decrease lending for motorways, which would breathe life into its goal of contributing to a low-carbon, energy efficiency society. Unfortunately we've seen no concrete commitments in this direction so far," commented Pippa Gallop, Interim EBRD Co-ordinator at Bankwatch.


