Even fewer Croats would support EU membership if there was an open debate. According to a Gallup International poll to be officially released in Brussels on November 17, only 25 % of Croats feel that EU membership would be good for Croatia. This finding is consistent with the European Commission's last two Eurobarometer polls which had figures of 24% and 26% respectively, political party Jedino Hrvatska (Only Croatia) has revealed in the media release sent to Croatian Times. "These are remarkable results considering that over the last ten years the Croatian population has only been exposed to one-sided pro-EU propaganda. The political elites and media owners have decided that EU membership is good, that opponents of EU membership are ill informed, and if only the population becomes 'better informed' it will come to realise just how good the EU is", it says in a letter signed by Marjan Bosnjak, the secretary of Jedino Hrvatska (Only Croatia). "The Croatian People face a daily barrage of pro-EU media hype with no dissenting views allowed, with political leaders relentlessly pointing out that 'there is no alternative to the EU". To highlight this collusion between the political elites and media barons, the Only Croatia Party has recently offered cash rewards to anyone who finds a eurosceptic newspaper article in any of Croatia's six daily newspapers over a span of fourteen months. In more than 2500 different editions published in that time, not a single eurosceptic article or opinion was found. Not one. Opponents of EU membership have been so effectively shut out from any public debate,  that despite significant anti-EU sentiment in the Croatian population, and despite proportional political representation, there is not a single anti-EU Member in the 153 member Croatian Parliament. Moreover, pro-EU groups are given generous media access and are lavishly funded whilst opponents are left to their own devices. Despite these blatantly undemocratic and single-minded practices, only a minority of Croats support EU membership. The Gallup International poll also found that 70 % of Croats are unhappy with their Government, and 62% feel their political views are not adequately represented by current political parties in power. Only Croatia believes that if there was open and democratic public debate, support for EU membership would be even lower. "Following many centuries of foreign domination, and a recent very destructive War of Liberation, it is clear that the Croatian People have a strong desire for national independence, and for good and honest government. The last thing they want is to be manipulated into an increasingly shaky EU mega State", Marjan Bosnjak has concluded.


