Scientists will be able to do a backup of the human brain including memories and thinking patterns within the next two decades, according to the computer scientist who was the first to predict the internet. Award-winning Raymond Kurzweil, 62, has notched up a string of pioneering computer inventions including voice recognition technology during his career. At the age of 15 he created a programme that could recreate music in the style of the great composers, which earned him a visit to the White House and a chat with President Lyndon B. Johnson. He also built the first machine that could read written speech for the blind for his pal Stevie Wonder - for whom he also later made a revolutionary musical synthesizer capable of recreating real instruments. Kurzweil told 500 guests at the Telekom Austria Group sponsored "future talk" event in Vienna, Austria, that the human brain backup was now already technically possible. He said: "I believe that within the next 20 years we will have thousands of nanobot computer machines in our blood that will heal our bodies, improve our performance, and even be able to back up all the contents of our brains, just as you backup your files on a computer. That means they would back up every thought, every experience, everything that makes us an individual." "It may sound far-fetched but in the early 1980s, people thought I was crazy for predicting the emergence of the world wide web by the middle of the 1990s; but it happened, and on the schedule I predicted." Kurzweil has 19 honorary doctorates in addition to the extensive patents he holds and the books he has written - and now advises governments, scientists, military and business people across the world on a variety of issues. He is currently working with Google on a project about how to solve the world's energy problems. Kurzweil, who was born in America to Jewish parents who fled Austria before the war, said solutions were available for many problems. He said: "Last month I was meeting with the prime minster of Israel on the question of solar power as a solution. The prime minister asked if there was actually enough sun to power the world? "I responded by saying it would only take 1 tenthousanths of the sun's energy hitting the earth to power everything we use today." Hannes Ametsreiter, the CEO of the Telekom Austria Group that hosted the event at the Vienna Tram Museum, said: "These kinds of controversial and thought inspiring discussions are exactly what we need to move into the future."


