Retail consumption fell in May for the 20th month in a row, due to falling real wages and poor lending to households, the Central Bureau of Statics (DZS) predicts. They added, however, that the drop is expected to be lower than eight percent registered in April and would publish details later today (Fri). Croatian news agency Hina asked six Macroeconomists hired by Croatian news agency Hina to analyse the situation meanwhile said they believe retail trade fell between 3.5 and 5.5 per cent in May. A fall of 4.4 per cent is expected on an average yearly basis. "We expect a significantly lower drop than in April, in large part thanks to the base of last May, when retail trade fell by 19.3 per cent on a yearly basis. "But consumption remains low because of the decrease in real disposable income, high unemployment, debt and consumer pessimism. It is likely that the bad weather also affected consumption, because it delayed purchases of seasonal clothes and negatively affected tourism," one of the six experts commented. The drop in disposable income is a consequence of the high level of unemployment. But although the number of unemployed has been falling, the number of employed is growing at a significantly slower pace. The number of unemployed decreased by 12,240 to 296,438 persons, while at the same time, 8,740 new jobs were created. "Until there is a recovery or stabilization on the labour market, we cannot expect the growth of disposable income, and with it the strengthening of consumption. The improvement in consumption could occur in the second part of the year, if the removal of the  tax encourages optimism amongst the consumers and if the tourist season is good," one of the experts said. In addition to the weakness of the labour market, consumption is under pressured from a fall in salaries. According to the DZS, the average net pay for April last year was 5,246 kunas (730 Euros), which is a 2.5 per cent real drop in comparison to March.  However, compared to April last year, the salary is lower by 1.5 per cent.


