The Croatian Times' web designer is looking for partners to release a best-selling interactive children's Bible in English five years after it was launched in German. The Austrian innovation is still the only interactive children's Bible in the world, and its producers are determined to make it available to English speakers following massive demand for it in France, Spain and Germany. Since it was launched in Vienna, it has sold tens of thousands of copies, Katarina Angerer, who designed the Croatian Times, has said, but her dream is finally to make her creation available in English. Angerer said: "In the German language, there are 200 children's Bibles available, but there was nothing interactive for the computer, which is why we came up with the project. It was quite easy to get the French edition done, but we really struggled to complete the English version. It's very hard to find a publishing and distribution partner, and we can't afford to fund it ourselves. I think there would be great demand for it if response to the editions we've done so far is any indication," she added. To date, children's Bibles have been limited to the Gospels, but Angerer said: "As soon as we can afford to, we want to produce the Old Testament and after that an edition covering the events after Jesus' ascension." The three CD-ROMs contain a 20-minute cartoon movie by Graz-based painter Tom Klengel, with a toolbar that can be accessed at any time. The toolbar features background information, maps and a big illustrated children's Bible encyclopaedia with 200 entries. The corresponding Bible passages are included in their original version, a version for kids from eight to 11 and one for small children read by a narrator. The interactive Bible also includes small educational games. In "Loading the Donkey," a child has to choose objects that existed in biblical times to put on the donkey. There is also a memory game, as well as a quiz, a puzzle and painting templates. Angerer said: "The project has been approved by Catholic, Protestant and Greek Orthodox authorities. To me, it is important that Christians connect with each other; that's why I am especially proud that the project has been supported by all three denominations." Professor Gottfried Adam from the theological faculty at Vienna University said: "Today, grandmothers don't read to their grandchildren from the Bible any more. Children nowadays live in a media world where there is always something going on. That's why the interactive Bible's potential to reach young people cannot be overestimated." Religion teacher Maren Weniger said: "The children's Bible is popular among our children and, thanks to the understated production, parents can be reassured that their children are not overloaded. Younger children particularly enjoy the painting templates." Each CD-ROM depicting a stage in the life of Jesus costs 19.90 Euros. A set of three costs 49.90 Euros and is available at bookshops, petrol stations and branches of building materials chain BauMax. Due to high demand, a series of books has also been produced. One of them, called "Jesus for Children", is a comic. Puzzles, posters, postcards, and a painting template book are available as well. An exhibition called "Children's Bible - Then - Today - Tomorrow" opened today (Weds) in the Bible centre at Breite Gasse 4-8/1 just behind the Museumsquartier. More information is available at http://www.kinderbibel.net and http://www.bibelgesellschaft.at.


