The trial of British former model Eva Rhodes' odd job man for her murder has been halted after the judge called for new forensic test that could free her suspected killer. Judges have demanded new reports on the axe which caretaker Csaba Augusztinyi told police he beat her senseless with before burning her alive on a bonfire. Autopsy findings have already showed that Ms Rhodes - a friend of Beatle John Lennon and Yoko Ono - was probably still alive when she was hurled onto the blaze at her animal refuge in Bony, Hungary. Augusztinyi's defence team have argued that he only stunned her with the axe in self defence and could not be held responsible for her murder. The only other evidence of the murder is his confession, which was made under duress, they argue. "Ms Rhodes could have died as a result of a heart attack, or suffocation in the fire. Therefore it can not be stated that my client, without doubt, is responsible for her death. "This is hard to prove because the body has been burned and is gone," his defence lawyer told today's (thursday's) hearing. Augusztinyi, 31, boasted to police about phoning a dating chatline while he watched the 65-year-old charity worker's body burn at her Puss In Boots refuge. Now judges at Gyor-Moson-Somogy County Court - who were due to return with a verdict today (thursday) - have adjourned the trial until September 2. The move has horrified Ms Rhodes' family who have already branded the trial "a mockery". "This looks like the first step to an official whitewash. It is no less than we expected from this court and its farcical view of justice," said one family friend. Dramatic new evidence submitted earlier this week by Ms Rhodes' daughter Sophie Barta that the odd job man had an accomplice has apparently been ignored by the court. Ms Barta has already threatened to take the case to the International Court of Justice in the Hague. "If the courts turn my request down, I'll take the case to the international court because I feel that the law has been disregarded several times in my case and that's just not right," she said.


