Villagers in the Austrian town of Fucking have given up trying to live down their name and are cashing in on the product with a "Fucking Beer". The new brewery was given the green light after winning a battle with the European Patent Office to patent the name "Fucking Beer". The patent office had initially rejected the name arguing that it was a swear word and nothing to do with beer. But after the company proved that the village of Fucking really existed EU officials backed down and have now authorised the patent. The company have also patented a lager version. Brewery spokesman Stefan Fellenberg told the Austrian Times: "In German the word for a lager beer is a Helles Beer - so we have also patented the name Fucking Hell - which means lager from Fucking of course. I don't understand why the patents office think of something else. They must have dirty minds." Franz Meindl, the mayor of the town, was in the headlines last year after complaining about tourists flocking to the village to steal the road signs. The village's bizarre name is understood to come from a sixth century noble called Lord Focko, with 'ing' being old German for 'family of'. He said the local council had tried fitting them in the ground with cement and welding them to metal posts and even installed CCTV cameras to stop them being stolen or people stripping off naked but without success. Now it seems they are set to cash in and Mayor Meindl added: "I am looking forward to getting the first-crate - until then I'm reserving judgement. But maybe it could be good for local industry." Fellenberg adds that if the project was a success they were planning to open similar small breweries in the neighbouring German towns of Kissing, Petting, Wank and Piss. Last year mayor Meindl said: "It is just the usual spelling of the word. I'm sure I could find many town names in Britain or somewhere else which sound funny when pronounced in German. "There is nothing funny in the name to us. If other people laugh about it, there is nothing we can do. But we pronounce it differently in our dialect and it was never funny in any way," added the mayor. They appear now to have lightened up however apparently after being offered a helping hand from their neighbours in Wank. Juergen Stoll who runs the Wank guest house said: "The people in Fucking should cash in on their fame." "I have so many visitors here at the Wank guest house that we have the mattresses all in a line in one big room for people to sleep on. "Otherwise we couldn't fit everybody in. If the name helps to bring the tourists in, then why not cash in on it? In these credit crunch times every little helps," he added. In summer visitors can take hikes up the 1,780 metre Wank Mountain, or, if they prefer, take it easy in the four seater Wank cable car that goes all the way to the peak. There are numerous opportunities to enjoy paragliding at Wank, and in winter it's possible to go skiing on the Wank piste. Local tourism chiefs say they realised that although the name meant nothing in German it was a goldmine when it came to attracting English-speaking visitors. A spokesman said: "There are Wank postcards on sale although many people prefer to take their own Wank holiday snaps standing beside Welcome to Wank signs."


