One in three Romanian jobless people will have to spend more than a year unemployed before they can have the chance of a job, according to new statistics. The news is likely to stimulate fresh interest in working abroad as more and more Romanians give up on the chance of getting paid work back at home. Only last week it was revealed that more than 500,000 Romanian workers have applied for jobs in Britain and other foreign states in the first nine months of this year. The figures - compiled by online recruitment agency Tjobs.ro - show that each worker is likely to apply for up to 20 jobs to escape debts and poverty at home. Current Romanian government figures record a total of 679,495 unemployed which means nearly eight per cent of the entire population is without a job. A year ago, only 1 in 10 per cent of jobless Romanians needed over a year to find a new job, but now it is one in three. The survey, by online recruiting agency myjob.ro, says 16 per cent of respondents waited from 4 to 6 months to find a new job, 14 per cent waited between 7 and 12 months and 19 per cent, less than three months. Britain is the second most popular country for Romanian's looking for work abroad, and there are almost three million Romanian citizens in EU member states according to official statistics - although the real number is probably far higher as many have not officially registered as having left the country. Romanian president Traian Basescu has even publicly encouraged tens of thousands of his countrymen to leave the country to work or claim benefits in EU countries. He said: "We have to thank these people for what they are doing for Romania." And he blamed the boom in immigrant Romanian workers on lazy, pampered Westerners who prefer not to work. "In those countries, the social protection is at a level that makes it more comfortable to be unemployed than it is to do hard, manual jobs. "Romanians do that hard labour for them and make more money than they could at home," claimed President Basescu. When they arrive the immigrants are immediately entitled to child benefit, tax credits and housing support. After 12 months in Britain they can receive generous income-related benefits like unemployment benefit. At home in Romania, they would receive just 20 GBP a week for 12 months.


