A British faith healer who was jailed for raping a 14-year-old patient has been allowed to return to public healing sessions by psychic authorities. Sick Mervyn Johnson - also known as Mervyn Wright - was sentenced to three years in jail in Karlstad, Sweden, for abusing seven female clients, including two girls aged under 15. The pervert psychic claimed to be giving them naked "energy massages" with the help of an ancient Chinese spirit guide called Dr Wu. Now Johnson, 63 - formerly president of Britain's International Spiritualist Federation - is free and has been permitted to take part in open healing meetings in Vasteras in central Sweden. His return has appalled justice experts in Sweden who have called for him to be banned from any future events. Victim support official Kerstin Zaring - who cared for several of sick Johnson's vicitms - said: "These girls would be completely devastated if they knew he was working again. "The wounds they sustained will never heal." "I was extremely surprised by how many in the spiritualist community continued to support him. They believed in healing and they believed in him. "I'm really concerned to hear that he's active again," she added. But spiritualist leaders in Sweden are defiant about the return of the former lorry driver, originally from Hornchurch, Essex. Chairwoman Helena Axelsson said: "We've never changed our position. You journalists always portray things in a certain way while claiming to be objective. "But not everybody who is convicted in Sweden is actually guilty," she told local media. Brutal Johnson preyed on emotionally vulnerable women and children who turned to him for help and then threatened to inflict deadly diseases on them if they went to the police. He was jailed in 2007 after judges rejected his claims that the victims had fabricated their stories, motivated by jealousy. The court ruled that Wright's "use of his position as a respected medium to sexually molest girls and younger women aggravates his crime." "Further, when they had turned to him for help, he had known of their emotional and mental fragility and vulnerability," it added.


