On his second visit to Croatia in a month, Serbian President Boris Tadic spoke to Croatian Radio Television about the countries' mutual accusations of genocide, the problems with the return of refugees and the often-criticized term "yugosphere." "If there is a good will and a rational approach to these mutual accusations it will be possible to solve them outside of the Court, but we must not forget that criminals must be brought to justice," Tadic said referring to Serbia and Croatia's mutual lawsuits lodged before the International Court of Justice in the Hague. "Serbia is not insisting that lawsuits should be withdrawn - rather, it is searching for a rational solution," he said adding that the two countries would show that they are mature, democratic states if they are able to solve the dispute bilaterally. Together with his Croatian colleague Ivo Josipovic, Tadic discussed the problems facing refugees returning to their pre-war homes. "It is not important whether people return or not," Tadic said. "But it is important to ensure that they have an opportunity to return. Such chance must not be withheld from anyone," he added. "We can talk about the end of that process only when people get their homes and they are taken care of." Tadic reflected on the term "yugosphere" that has been circulating in the foreign media, inducing discomfort to some and provoking much riticism. Tadic sees the term in its economic sense, although he avoids any yugo-nostalgic associations. The Serbian President believes that the economies of the region have always leaned on each other and that the Croatian and Serbian economies have not distanced themselves from one another in the past 20 years. Tadic also spoke about Croatia's imminent European Union membership. "It is in our interest that Croatia enters the EU as soon as possible, while our political goal is to begin negotiations by the end of 2011," Tadic said. His country's main barriers to EU membership are numerous necessary reforms to the state apparatus as well as the arrests of two major war criminals still on the loose - Ratko Mladic and Goran Hadzic. And while Tadic sees mutual capital investments as important for the progress of both states, he said that Serbian businessmen have a hard time entering Croatian markets. "Serbia is open to investments and Croatian investors don't have problems with doing business there. The problem is that Serbian merchandise cannot get placement in Croatian stores," Tadic said. He added that Serbian tourists should go back to vacationing on the Adriatic. He himself had once sought a position on the coast as a lighthouse keeper, but had been turned down. "I was a psychologist and they wanted an electrician," said Tadic.


