Cellar girl Natascha Kampusch is to sue bungling police who could have freed her within days of her kidnap by an evil paedophile. Natascha was snatched off the streets of Vienna, Austria, as a 10-year-old schoolgirl by pervert Wolfgang Priklopil and spent eight and a half years in a soundproofed cellar until she escaped. But now secret police documents have revealed that she could have been freed within weeks if police hadn't let Priklopil slip through their fingers. And the files - leaked by Austrian MP Peter Pilz - show investigators put the one officer who had cracked the case under pressure to keep quiet about the catalogue of errors that left her to rot in her underground dungeon. He claims that police and senior politicians conspired to keep the blunders buried in secret dossiers rather than made public. Today (thursday) Natascha's lawyer Gerald Ganzger confirmed he is in talks with his client about a compensation claim. Previous cases show she could win as much as 500,000 GBP from Austrian police authorities if she can prove negligence. Documents leaked to the Austrian media show that a dog handler on the original kidnap investigation had described Natatscha's abductor as a "loner with a sexual tendency towards young children" driving a white van. But when the kidnapper was stopped by police shortly after the kidnapping in the white van he'd used to snatch his terrified victim, police let him go without even questioning him. The leaked reports show that senior officers even visited the dog handler to make sure he would keep quiet about the cock-up. "The police certainly have many new questions to answer about their investigation," said one source close to Natatscha. "If these documents are correct Ms Kampusch spent eight years as a prisoner because the detectives ignored the one man police officer who had solved the case," they added. Police interviews with Natascha after her escape in 2006 - also released today (thursday) - confirm that she had a remarkable amount of freedom as her relationship with her kidnapper grew. Priklopil had originally told her that she would be freed "today or tomorrow" if her family paid a ransom. And the interview documents state that Natascha joined her abductor on a ski-ing holiday and helped him renovate an apartment he owned in other part of Vienna. She told police she finally escaped while Piklopil was on the phone to his closest friend Ernst Holzapfel. "He received many calls at that time as he wanted to rent out his apartment in Vienna," Natascha told police. "He asked me to Hoover the white van that day. I saw that the garden door was open and just started to run until I saw a woman in the kitchen of a house. I asked her to call the police," she continued. Priklopil committed suicide hours after the escape by jumping under a train. Natascha Kampusch has refused to meet fans when she promotes her new autobiography on its release next month. Kampusch, now 21, has told managers at Thalia's book shop, in Vienna, Austria, that she won't give autographs or answer questions at the launch of '3,096 Days'. Bizarre Kampusch has become obsessed with her abductor since her release and now lives in the house she was one held hostage in. She even bought the car he died in when it came up for auction. Now 'Resident Evil' producer Bernd Eichinger plans to work with Kampusch to turn her life into a film. Kate Winslet and Dakota Fanning are both being tipped for the role, due to hit cinemas in 2012.


