Austrian cellar victim Natascha Kampusch should receive a 2 million GBP compensation payout for the bungled police investigation that condemned her to more than eight years as a pervert's prisoner. Parliamentary Green Party MP Peter Pilz - who published top secret police files revealing a series of police blunders in the case - who proposed the sum said it was "realistic" compared to the nightmare she endured. The documents he revealed showed that investigators failed to follow up a police dogs unit leader's tip-off that could have helped Natascha to freedom just days after she was snatched from the streets of Vienna on her way to school in March 1998. The MP told local media yesterday (sunday): "There was the chance to free Miss Kampusch by serious investigative work shortly after the kidnapping. "But the police botched things up in a manner I thought could never happen," he added. Secret police files show that the dog handler identified kidnapper Wolfgang Priklopil as a  "loner with a sexual tendency towards children." And in a separate tip one witness highlighted a similarity between Priklopil's white van and the one used in the abduction - and the paedophile's address was passed onto the investigation team. But when the pervert was quizzed in a police vehicle check a few days after the kidnap he was allowed to leave without suspicion. Natascha's lawyer Gerald Ganzger recently announced he was in talks with her over whether to make a compensation claim against the police. Natascha - who escaped in August 2006 - launched her her autobiography "3,096 Tage" (3,096 Days) at a bookshop in Vienna last week. Hundreds of fans - and her mother Brigitta Sirny - attended a reading of the book. She's now set to travel to Amsterdam, London, Berlin and Paris to speak about the book she wrote in partnership with two female journalists. "3,096 Tage" is currently second in the bestseller list of online bookstore Amazon's in German-speaking Europe. Natascha, now 21, recently branded her abductor a "Nazi out of fear". She explained: "I spoke with him about it after hearing on the radio what happened in New York (on 11 September 2001). I pointed out how many people lost their lives, and he just said the attack would end the Jews' world domination'." She added: "I don't think he was a 'real Nazi'. I don't think it mattered to him whether these people (who were killed) were Jewish or not. He didn't like Americans. He felt threatened and haunted by everybody. So more of a 'Nazi out of fear'." Kampusch also said she planned to kill herself three times during the eight-and-a-half years Priklopil - who killed himself hours after she managed to flee - imprisoned her.


