A quick and efficient management of carbon footprint is becoming a precondition for the growth of Croatian firms on the world scene, the latest study by the consulting house A.T. Kearney points out. A global report on carbon footprinting shows a significant increase in the importance of the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in the entire supply chain of companies. The trend towards ecological thinking is an opportunity for those Croatian firms that can quickly and efficiently align their business practices with it, and link themselves with other like-minded global companies, breaking onto the new markets. Branko Zibret, vice-president of A.T Kearney said: "New opportunity for growth is opening up in the environmentally-conscious business.  Croatian companies which actively manage their carbon footprint can obtain new opportunity for growth on the world scene," he said. Green industries are seen as one of the generators of the new, post-crisis cycle of growth.  Effective management of carbon footprints will reduce the impact of negative energy balance in the state, further protecting limited natural resources and creating opportunities for business growth, the study says. One Croatian company that has adopted the environmentally conscious business ethic is Carlsberg Croatia, the only Croatian brewery that publishes an annual report about environment protection. Nina Butic Ivankovic, the company's communications director said that the brewery had reduced its heat consumption by 20 per cent last year, thus decreasing carbon dioxide emissions by 50 per cent. "With less thermal energy consumption water consumption was also reduced, but also the amount of waste per hectolitre of beer," she said. She added that the continuous investment in modernisation of production had also contributed to a positive impact on the environment. The A.T. Kearney study has analysed the behavior of 710 suppliers of the world's largest corporations. According to the survey results, 90 percent of the companies have introduced programmes to reduce the overall emissions of pollutants into the environment, as well as reducing energy use. From the 500 largest companies in the world, 51 percent implemented these measures. Global Research has shown that the situation has improved over the previous year, and the companies are now more environmentally conscious.


