Kidnap victim Natascha Kampusch has branded claims she fled her sick jailer twice during captivity but returned within hours a "sheer lie". "The claim I returned to my kidnapper voluntarily after successfully fleeing from him twice is a sheer lie and a perfidious statement," the 21-year-old said in a written statement issued in a reaction to a magazine report. News weekly profil reports Kampusch came back to Wolfgang Priklopil on the same day on two occasions before finally running away from him in August 2006. Kampusch blasted the article, stressing she would have never returned. She said: "Instead of speaking to me or the state prosecutor about it, anonymous informers are quoted." Kampusch attacked journalist Emil Bobi for "not doing the news magazine a good service" by "spreading lies that can be dismissed by the head state prosecutor within little time". Kampusch - who lives in Vienna today - said she was "shocked" by the claims. "This article is a low point in covering my past," she said. Kampusch explained: "I once broke down at the garden gate and was caught by my jailer after a few seconds as I was much too weak to escape because of my extreme malnourishment and the psychological intimidation." The profil article meanwhile claims investigators said Kampusch first ran away when Priklopil - who committed suicide on the day she ran away in August 2006 - took her with him to a flat where he was doing renovation work. She then also tried to escape from his house in Strasshof an der Nordbahn in Lower Austria where she was held, the article says, claiming that on both occasions she returned on the same day. Kampusch - who was kept in a dungeon cellar for more than eight years by Wolfgang Priklopil after being snatched off the road on her way to school in Vienna - revealed in interviews given shortly after she escaped that Priklopil took her on skiing trips and for shopping. Kampusch, whose TV chat show "Natascha Kampusch trifft." (Natascha Kampusch meets.) was scrapped by private broadcaster Puls 4 after just three editions. She recently compared the life she was living today to the one of a hermit crab. Meanwhile a new TV documentary about her eight years in captivity is to be broadcast by Germany's ARD later this month. "Natascha Kampusch - 3.096 Tage Gefangenschaft" (Natascha Kampusch - 3,096 Days in Captivity), a 45-minute production, will be aired on 25 January. Kampusch, who recently revealed she turned vegetarian, allowed producers to film in the tiny cellar room she was locked in by jailer Wolfgang Priklopil.


