A British tourist has finally won a battle for compensation after he was left permanently injured when a giant Christmas tree fell on his head in the Czech capital Prague. Malcolm Tuffin, 60, still has difficulty walking after officials failed to check that the 100 foot Christmas tree in the historic Old Town square was properly secured. He told the court he had never had a proper apology from the city or compensation for his injuries and as a result had been forced to sue. Both the city council and Folk Art Productions (FAP) which organised the Christmas market, refused to accept responsibility for the accident, both blaming each other, and then finally jointly blaming God by claiming that the Xmas tree itself was of poor quality wood and this had been impossible to foresee. As a result they argued it was an act of God. Both said they had not apologised because that would have been accepting responsibility. Folk Art Production spokesman Milan Smerda added: "I didn't go to see Tuffin in hospital because I was depressed by what happened and had other things to do than go and see a person who was injured and crying. And anyway we were not to blame. "The construction law was clearly violated in this case, along with the general prevention rules. Both the capital of Prague and the operator are responsible for it," Tuffin's lawyer Marie Cilinkova said. The 25-metre tall spruce was toppled by strong winds on December 6, 2003 and left five people injured. Londoner Tuffin ended up in hospital with serious chest and back injuries and almost died. Police who investigated the accident on possible negligence charges repeatedly shelved it before finally deciding to take no action as it was regarded as an act of God. But now six years later the Czech Supreme Court has ruled that the city of Prague is to be held responsible. The man, who spent several months recovering from the accident, will receive 18,000 pounds in compensation. The city of Prague had originally been ordered to pay almost  100,000 but appeals and now the Supreme Court has upheld the original verdict that the city council should have been responsible for all safety issues -- but reduce the damages to  18,000.


