Croatia's young generation are staying longer in their parents' homes, following a pattern seen elsewhere in Europe. Europe is experiencing a "Peter Pan Syndrome," with every third male between the ages of 25 and 34 living with his parents. Every fifth woman does the same. Croatia is not far behind the European averages, the daily Jutarnji List writes.  An investigation conducted in 2007 shows that 71 per cent of young men and 50 per cent of women between the ages of 20 and 30 are still in their parents' homes. Although there has not been any new data since then, it can be assumed that the numbers have risen in this time of crisis and lower purchasing power. And while Scandinavian countries register a very small number of young people who remain in their parent's households, a new research confirms the existence of the the so-called "southern demographic model" according to which the inhabitants of Mediterranean and former socialist countries of Europe (Greece, Spain, Portugal, Slovenia, Slovakia, Croatia, Italy) stay in their homes the longest. The reasons, however, differ from country to country.  In some of them, like Croatia, low standards of living and housing issues force younger generations to stay under their parents' roofs. This could be a problem, says dr. Andjelko Akrap, as such a living situation lowers young peoples' chances of getting married and starting their own families. In Italy the social importance of the family is one of the main reasons for staying at home. Dr. Akrap says, however, that it is difficult to make country comparisons. In former socialist states, staying at home is linked to the difficult lives of the parents. The first generations of those arriving from the countryside into the cities quickly married in order to solve housing issues. Their children, however, are encouraged to stay at home in order to avoid same possible hardships. Dr. Akrap says that the system has not adapted to young people who often work evenings and weekends. "Kindergartens continue to work like 20 years ago - until Friday afternoon," he points out. This fact can disproportionately affect women, the daily writes.


