The Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor is one of the 18 world leaders honoured this year by the Glamour Magazine's "Women of the Year" Award. "Female Heads of State: The Chosen Ones" is the title that brings together this year's winners, the list of which includes German PM Angela Merkel, president of Argentina Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, president of Lyberia Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, president of Lithuania Dalia Grybauskaite, Slovakian PM Iveta Radicova, president of Costa Rica Laura Chinchilla, PM of Bangladesh Sheikh Hasina, PM of Iceland Johanna Sigurqardottir, President of Kirgistan Roza Otunbajeva, Presidents and PM of Finland Tarja Halonen and Mari Johanna Kiviniemi, Australian PM Julia Gillard, president of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina Bojana Kristo and others. The award has existed since 1990, and these women have been chosen for the latest honour as "they have remained focused on the issues of women's empowerment" said Condoleezza Rice, former US Secretary of State and recipient of the 2008 title. "Thanks to them, girls now have powerful models at the very top. With these women leaders inspiring the next generation, perhaps the concerns of today -- for example the under-education of girls, maternal mortality, rape as a weapon of war -- will, by the fortieth Glamour Women of the Year Awards, have been resolved" the American politician added. The magazine calls them "quite literally, the most powerful women on the world," changing the course of history. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said: "Women have a fresh outlook on our most difficult problems, whether it's climate change or peace in the Middle East." In the article, the magazine quotes Croatia's PM commenting on the continued existence of sexism despite the progress that has been made so far. "The media continued to ask 'feminine' instead of 'political' questions," said Kosor. "When I became prime minister, the question that I had to answer most often was 'Are you afraid?'" she said. She can hardly have been too frightened, the magazine writes, as Kosor " fearlessly battled government corruption, domestic violence and even gender stereotyping in school." The awards will be presented in New York next week, the internet portal Business writes.


