A big cat trainer in a coma for almost a month after he was partially eaten by three tigers has apologised to guests and admitted he "made a mistake". Many of the guests at the black tie dinner entertainment show in Hamburg, Germany, who had paid 120 pounds per seat were left traumatised by what they saw, and now Christian Walliser, 28, has admitted he was to blame for the mistake that almost cost him his life. Horrified diners watched on as three seven foot long Bengal tigers pounced on Walliser when he slipped during the act and began tearing him to pieces. The attack left Christian with a completely crushed hip, that has had to be rebuilt with metal plates and 10 titanium screws. So far he has had to undergo six painful operations to rebuild his shattered body, including removing fragments of bone from his brain. One hand was almost completely severed and he only has partial use of it now - and doctors had initially warned his family that he would be mentally and physically handicapped for life. Yet as soon as he's able to walk he plans to start training with the animals again. Diners had paid 120 GBP-a-head for the circus dinner Hagenbeck Zoo four months ago which left the trainer fighting for life in hospital. Blaming himself and event organisers he said: "I added the three tigers involved in the incident to my group only last September. I had not bonded with them as I had with my other tigers - that I raised and cared for since they were born. It was too early to make them part of the show. "It's really important not to show weakness in front of tigers - they view me as the boss, the alpha male, and when they saw me fall over they seized their chance to take over my role as alpha tiger. I don't blame them for what happened - it's perfectly normal. Whatever happened afterwards, however, I mercifully can't remember much of. It was over that quickly." He also explained he should have kept two or three metres more distance during the show because the tigers had immediately attacked him as he fell over in front of them. Walliser however also blamed the organisers of the event since the floor was not laid out with sawdust. Christian, who lives with his parents in K nigsbrunn near Augsburg in Germany, added it was a blessing he was unconscious as he had no chance to be terrified during the attack. He said: "When I woke up, my doctors told me that the tiger had bitten me directly in the head. I had bleeding on the brain and a fractured skull. "But I don't blame my tigers. My relationship with the animals is still very good. I haven't seen them since the incident but I wouldn't sell or kill a single one of them." The only thing that has changed is he hasn't been such a big fan of meat since the accident. "My mother gives me large amounts of Nutella every morning - it's now my favourite food," he said.


