The Central Croatian industrial town of Petrinja is a great place for beating death. Frano Selak who is dubbed the luckiest person in the world has already hit headlines around the world, but now here comes another lucky man from Petrinja. 'Rubber man' Jozo Martic, 54, has been in numerous accidents, car crashes and falls, he's been shot, blown up by land mines and attacked with an axe by his brother - but he is still alive. "The worst case I've survived was in 2007 when I have fallen from a seven-metre-high roof onto the concrete below. My tongue was cut in half but doctors managed to stitch it back," said Martic, dubbed the Rubber Man by his friends. But he has yet to meet up to the catastrophes of Petrinja's most accident prone resident. Frano Selak had his first escape in 1962 when a train he was travelling on from Sarajevo to Dubrovnik came off the rails and plunged into an icy river. Seventeen people drowned and he barely made it to the riverbank suffering from hypothermia, shock, bruises and a broken arm. A year later, he was sucked out of a plane on his first and only flight when a door flew open. This time 19 people died but Frano was thrown clear of the crash and landed in a haystack. Then in 1966, a bus he was on skidded into a river, drowning four. Frano swam to safety with just cuts and bruises. Accident number four came in 1970 when his car caught on fire as he drove along a motorway and he fled with seconds to spare before the fuel tank exploded. Three years later, he lost most of his hair when a faulty fuel pump spewed petrol over the hot engine of his car and blew flames through the air vents. Then in 1995 came his sixth accident when he was knocked down by a bus in Zagreb but walked away with minor injuries. The following year, he was driving in the mountains when he turned a corner to see a UN truck coming straight for him. His Skoda careered through a crash barrier and over the 300ft precipice but Frano leapt clear at the last minute and sat in a tree as he watched his car hit the bottom and explode.


