Austria is considering putting five public prosecutors on trial over allegations they had consistently neglected and failed to properly conduct investigations into the kidnapping of cellar girl Natascha Kampusch. Kampusch who recently celebrated her 21st birthday was snatched off the street on her way to school in Vienna in March 1998 by pervert Wolfgang Priklopil. He then kept her locked in a cellar until she finally fled in August 2006. Although there have been several high-profile clues linking the disappearance to Priklopil police and prosecutors consistently failed to follow them up and after her release an investigation into the failings was moved outside of Vienna because of claims prosecutors in the capital would never properly investigate themselves. Former Austrian High Court (OGH) President Johann Rzeszut said that as a result of the investigation by prosecutors in Innsbruck five public prosecutors could face charges. Rzeszut also claimed that chief investigator Franz Kroell, who shot himself last June, was "driven to suicide" after being told to "finally let the case rest". The former OGH chief was part of a six-member commission set up to check whether claims police covered up investigation blunders were true. The commission was headed by Former Federal Constitutional Court (VfGH) President Ludwig Adamovich, who was fined 4,500 pounds with another 4,500 pounds on probation last year for suggesting Kampusch's time in captivity might have been better than her childhood before she was kidnapped. The abduction victim's mother Brigitta Sirny took him to court over the statements. The verdict, announced in December 2009, has not yet been confirmed. Adamovich controversially also warned potential accomplices of kidnapper Wolfgang Priklopil may consider killing Kampusch. Hansjoerg Mayer, a spokesman for the state prosecution in Innsbruck, confirmed they were looking at the matter and added today (Weds): "We are just at the start. We are currently trying to find out which files we need to investigate the claims." Die Presse reports today that Werner Pleischl, head of the Prosecution Vienna, is one of the five high-profile prosecutors the investigations are focused on. "I fully understand that a third prosecution was assigned. They (the justice ministry) want to be precise," Pleischl told the daily newspaper. Graz prosecutors were ordered last year to examine whether their Viennese counterparts failed to thoroughly check possible police investigation errors. Meanwhile, Rzeszut also accused the interior ministry of having "substantially obstructed" the evaluation of possible mistakes in investigating the case. The ex-OGH president stressed that a girl said in six questioning sessions by police there were two men in the van which Kampusch was dragged into on the day she was kidnapped. Rzeszut said the girl, aged 12 at that time, suddenly took back her statements some years later. Ernst Geiger, head of the department for organised crime at the Austrian Federal Crime Office (BK), said only in January it was a "big mistake" for the police not to have followed up a tip-off made by a former police dog squad leader shortly after Kampusch was abducted. Having heard that the police were interested in owners of white Volkswagen (VW) vans, the ex-policeman suggested shortly after the kidnapping that a loner from Strasshof might have something to do with her disappearance. The ex-officer said the man "could have a tendency towards young children". Years later, it emerged that his claims were never followed up. Investigators have admitted that they searched Priklopil's VW as a part of the investigation. When he explained he had bought it because he was just doing some renovation work on his house, the officers let him go. "The tip-off about Priklopil was judged incorrectly under stress and in the hectic atmosphere of developments back then. This was a big mistake," Geiger said. Austrian Green Party MP Peter Pilz suggested recently Kampusch should sue the Republic of Austria for compensation as her eight-year imprisonment could have been avoided had the police been more effective and followed up decisive tip-offs. He claimed the 21-year-old could receive around two million Euros in damages for her ordeal. Kampusch's lawyers are understood to be checking the chances of success of such legal action. The whole case - regarded as one of the biggest crimes in post-war Austria - could go on retrial if Innsbruck prosecutors come to the conclusion that there are still open questions over the actions of prosecutors in Vienna and Graz.


