These dramatic pictures shot by an amateur photographer show the moment that this Manchester United promoting Turkish airlines engine fell off as it came in to land at Vienna airport. The accident left debris scattered along the runway as the chunks of the turbine fell off the Turkish Airlines Boeing 737-800 as it came into land from the Ataturk International Airport in Istanbul, Turkey. Airport officials were alerted to the problem when a plane waiting to use Vienna's runway 34 reported there was chunks of debris on the runway. Vienna airport officials immediately scrambled to close the runway so that emergency crews could recover the chunks of metal. Safety inspectors then found that chunks of the right hand engine in the area of the thrust reverser had fallen off. A replacement Airbus A320-200 registration TC-JPN had to be dispatched to Vienna causing a delay of six hours for the passengers. Peter Kleemann, a spokesman for Austria's Vienna International Airport (VIA), confirmed they were investigating after the Turkish Airlines jet dropped engine parts as it touched ground on Sunday. The plane which featured an "Official Partner of Manchester United" advertisement banner is currently being examined by experts. This incident is the second time the inner airport has been in the news recently after a 20-year-old Romanian survived a flight from Vienna to London by crouching in a wheel bay. The stowaway fell off the jumbo jet after it touched down at London-Heathrow and admitted he had sneaked on board the plane in Vienna. The man was entitled to stay in the United Kingdom by immigration officials after he was released from a clinic. Aviation experts explained he only survived the 1,300-kilometre trip at sub-zero temperatures since the United Arab Emirates State fleet Boeing 747 flew at a lower altitude than planned due to thunderstorms en route. Reports have it that the man - who is free to settle and work without almost any kind of regulations within the European Union - was unable to raise the price of a ticket.


