Rolling Moan Charlie Watts has broken a self-imposed silence to reveal how he could never stand the band's rivals the Beatles and Elvis Presley. Watts, 68, agreed to talk to promote a series of jazz shows in Austria. But he surprised music fans with a scathing broadside against the only stars ever to rival the Stones' worldwide fame. "I've never been a big Beatles fan. Of Ringo, yes, but not of the music," he told Oesterreich newspaper. "And I've always hated Elvis. He was the last one I wanted to use as a guide. Miles Davis and Fats Domino yes, but Elvis - no," he added. And despite 47 years in the self-styled greatest rock 'n' roll band in the world, he doesn't think much more of the Rolling Stones either. "Honestly, I couldn't care less if it were over and done with the Stones tomorrow. The music is the only thing that must never be taken from me or I'd go mad," he said. "I don't know about the greatest. Critics came up with that - but there really is worse. It could be 'Worst rock band in the world'. That would be terrible. "The years flew by. In the beginning I still thought that we would stay together for about a week. Then it was a year and suddenly it's 47 years. "To be perfectly honest, it was a very little work and a lot of hanging around," added Watts. But the drummer - gearing up for another Stones world tour later this year - has no illusions about his own fame. "I don't feel very comfortable about that. I collect lots of things - from cars to autographs - but certainly nothing about me. "I haven't given any interviews at all for years. I don't like them. I always let Mick and Keith talk because they think that they've still got something to say. I'm generally not very sociable. I prefer sitting at home," said Watts. But he revealed that band would finally be over if one more of the original members quit. Original guitarist Brian Jones drowned in a swimming pool and veteran bass player Bill Wyman quit. "By now none of the Stones is replaceable. It's over if one leaves," declared Watts. And he said of troubled guitarist Ronnie Woods: "He's fine. He's got problems but I'm not worried."


