Croatians seem to be quite happy with their personal lives even though they barely make ends meet, the latest Balkan Monitor investigation shows. Croatians are above average when it comes to being satisfied with their private lives, the new Gallup/ European Fund for the Balkans poll has found.  They love their jobs and feel good in their workplaces, they trust their colleagues and think their country is a good one for raising kids. On the other hand, they are very dissatisfied with their standard of living and most can barely make ends meet. And they have the government to blame for that. Croatians find their politicians and their parties incompetent and corrupt.  Only 10 per cent of the 1,000 surveyed think that the country is moving in the right direction. A vast majority (two thirds) thinks that they will be even worse off next year. But when questioned about their daily lives, Croatians paint a different picture. When asked to recall the previous day and dominant feelings, the majority said that they were happy, that they laughed a lot and more or less enjoyed their time. Not many Croatians suffer from depression - about 84 per cent thinks that their life is important and has a purpose. A great majority says that they experience a lot of love in life and that they are treated with respect by their surroundings. They are satisfied with the things that they are doing, and the only thing missing is - the money. With a little bit more money, things would be perfect. Overall people are happy with their jobs, health, they like their houses and apartments, and they would recommend their city to others - although they do not think that newcomers would be able to find work at this time. Contrary to most westerners, Croatians do not save, they do not give any money to humanitarian purposes, and voluntary work is still a foreign concept. Croatia has the highest level of "life satisfaction" in the region.  This year's score- 5.6 out of 10 - is slightly lower than in 2008 (5.8), but higher than last year (5.4) Croatians are rather conservative, the survey shows, and believe that homosexuals should not come out in or have the same rights as others. The majority considers abortion morally unacceptable, but does not object to sex before marriage. Most do not sanction suicide or the death penalty, and faith plays an important role in everyday life.  However, the majority does not attend mass regularly nor do they think that Church should intervene in state affairs. In general, Croatians do not trust strangers - unless these are Catholics. They harbour least trust toward Muslims and former Communists. Generally Croatians think that one should be on guard with people, the daily Jutarnji List writes. With an exception of Hungary, Croatians are not really keen on their neighbours.  They do however like Germany and Austria. As much as they do not like their own institutions, Croatians are equally sceptical of European Union, NATO and the UN.


