The 42-year-old Croatian Renata C. and her 28-year-junior boyfriend Erwin U. have spoken for the first time to the Austrian press about their illicit affair for which she received a 22 month suspended sentence. "It was not right what I did. I admit my guilt. But Erwin is an exception - even at 13 he was not a child," said Renata. The emotional Renata spoke about her guilt and her punishment, about sexual and mental maturity, and about social norms and borders in a candid interview with the Viennese daily Kurier. Renata was sentenced to 22 months in jail on probation for "severe sexual abuse of a minor." She had sex with Erwin who was 13 at the time, just six months below the legal limit. "For me this is very difficult. As a mother of two daughters I was afraid of such things but now I'm facing them. I will never forgive myself for thinking that this was permitted in 2010, in the year when Erwin would turn 14." According to Austrian laws, minors are allowed to have consensual sex at 14 years of age. Erwin is the most talented handball player in the youth club ZV McDonald's in Wiener Neustadt, where Renata coached before their affair became public. "I do not wish to be spoken of as a victim anymore, because that is not how I feel." "It's as though Renata raped me," said the now 14-year-old Erwin. Renata said that she had found great support and understanding in her husband. "My husband was a big support in the last few months, he is magnificent. We still live together because of our children, but for the last three years we have no longer been a couple." To the question whether she considered that her understanding of sexuality could have a big influence on her daughters, Renata said: "I had long conversations with my daughters, a long time before this came out in the newspapers. Something like that is not easy for a mother. But if they had given me an ultimatum and said, "it is either us or your boyfriend," I would not have thought twice, even for a moment, I would of course have decided for my children." Erwin described how his mother, after having spoken with Renata and finding out that theirs was a "true love," approved of their relationship even if with heavy heart. The couple prefers not to think about what could happen in a distant future when Renata is 70 and Erwin at his prime. Erwin said that he now only wishes for things to be "normalized." The Austrian "couple of the year" has breathed sigh of relief after Renata's verdict, the daily Jutarnji List writes. The case, however, could lead to further complications if it turns out that the verdict could affect her residency permit. Renata has been living in Austria's Burgenland province for the past 20 years, together with her husband and their two daughters.  For years she had been working as a handball coach in Wiener Neustadt, until the boy's stepfather reported the couple.  Renata has since been fired.


