Nikica Jelavic may stay at Rapid Vienna as the striker joined his teammates for the pre-season training kick-off yesterday (Mon). The Croatian national team star has been linked with a move to Benfica after the Portuguese champions sent scouts to watch him performing for Rapid several times throughout the final weeks of the past season. Several German Bundesliga clubs are reportedly also interested in Jelavic, who netted 18 times in the 2009/2010 season Rapid finished in third. His decision to join his colleagues for a four-day running camp in the Styrian spa of Bad Radkersburg are seen as a major hint that Rapid have chances to plan the next season with their key striker, Austrian Times has reported. Austrian national midfielder Veli Kavlak, who was linked to a transfer into Italy's Serie A and Germany, is currently preparing in Bad Radkersburg too. Former Altach ace Mario Konrad is now expected to leave the side of Peter Pacult. The striker's agent met representatives of Hungarian club Ferencv rosi Torna Club for talks. The future of Hamdi Salihi is uncertain too. The Albanian national team star has reportedly been targeted by AS Monaco. He joined Rapid from SV Ried last year and scored 17 times in the past season. Rapid signed defender Mario Sonnleitner from Sturm Graz, midfielder Christoph Saurer from LASK Linz and 197-centimetre tall striker Atdhe Nuhiu from SV Ried. Kapfenberg bosses meanwhile announced Czech defender Milan Fukal - who joined the side coached by Werner Gregoritsch in 2008 - had extended his contract until 2011. Champions Red Bull Salzburg signed Sturm Graz striker Jakob Jantscher, while Mattersburg said Patrick B rger returned from a spell at second league side TSV Hartberg. The 2010/2011 season of the Austrian Bundesliga starts on the weekend of 17 July. Red Bull are however set to enter the qualification stage for the UEFA Champions League the previous weekend, while Rapid Vienna and vice champions Austria Vienna are due to play in the UEFA Europa League at the same time. Several test fixtures have been announced for the upcoming weeks. Sturm will meet Blackburn Rovers on 10 July and Arsenal on 21 July, while Austria Vienna will play a friendly against Romanian club Dinamo Bucharest on 30 June.


