A curvy model faked her Facebook death to get away from a bullying boyfriend and start a new life, she has confessed. Blonde Lenka Kopalova - a top model and speedway motorbike star in her Czech Republic homeland - shocked fans when she changed her Facebook profile to say: "Lenka is dead. Family are in mourning." Now 24-year-old Lenka has revealed she is alive and well, but faked her death on the social networking website to break off with her boyfriend, named only as Frantizek. "He was treating me like shit, shouted at me and abused me so I decided to quit everything," the model explained. She added: "I left him and I left myself too. I am no longer Lenka Kopalova. She is dead. And I don't regret it. So goodbye from her.". Fans across Europe began leaving messages of support, but then others flooded in saying they had seen 'dead' Lenka alive and well. "I don't know why people think she is dead. I saw her this morning at breakfast," her dad Pavel explained. The mystery deepened when local newspaper Blesk then received a text message from Lenka saying:"I have been psychologically mistreated for too long by too many people. Enough is enough. Goodbye from the woman who was Lenka." She added: "Frantisek and I went to a party and had a great time, but the next day he shouted at me and abused me. Actually, he has been psychologically abusing me for the whole time we've been together. I did everything for him but he treated me like a cesspool. Because of him I gave up the idea of studying medicine. But modeling never pleased me. "On Thursday I made a decision to quit this vicious circle I'm in. I left him and I left my former self. I am no longer Lenka Kopalova. She is dead. And I don't regret it. So goodbye from her," she said. Her father said: "I didn't know about this Facebook death, but it's up to her. She's an adult." A friend of the model told the paper: "Lenka wants to reinvent herself. She's just come out of a rough relationship and has had enough of being herself. "I guess she theoretically killed her old self to begin again." So far, no one has been able to contact Lenka directly.


