An 11-year-old girl is being quizzed by child welfare officials and police after giving birth to a baby boy. The girl named only as Irenke Szolosi - from Medias, Romania - has refused to name the dad of the 7lbs tot who was born while her parents were both working in Britain. "She moved from home to home and led quite a troubled life while they were away," said a police official. The girl turned up at the hospital with her grandmother complaining of stomach pains. She then gave birth naturally and is now recovering in hospital. The girl is breastfeeding the baby and bonding and it is intended that the girl will bring up her child with the help of family. Doctor Jean Mircea Truta, chief of the Gynecology section at the Medias hospital, said: "This is the youngest mother I have come across in my career. But I can confirm both mum and child are doing fine." Police are investigating to find out who the father is and if he will face sexual abuse charges. But Local Child Protection Authority in Sibiu have also made a formal application for the girl to be put into a maternity centre with her baby after she is released from hospital and to be kept away from her family. According to the report, the girl told Child Protection inspectors that she lives with her grand mother as her parents have been away in the UK for a year. Doctors said the first they knew of the girl and her condition was when she turned up at the hospital last Friday in the 40th week of pregnancy and gave birth the next day on Saturday. The girl's Grandmother who is looking after her has objected to her being put into care and the girl has also said she wants to be allowed to return home. Back in 2008 another Romanian child - 10 year old Florina Vranceanu became pregnant after being raped by her 19-year-old uncle after her mother had left her with his family at Piatra Soimului, a village in Neamt in eastern Romania. After her parents battled for the right to have an abortion in Romanian she eventually flew to the UK when a wealthy businesswoman had agreed to pay the cost of the operation. After she returned to Romania she carried on going to school and their parents thanked the wealthy benefactor who had given their daughter back her childhood.


