The teenage schoolgirl who auctioned off her virginity to a British businessman has called off the deal after the besotted bidder asked her to marry him. The 17-year-old blonde -who started the sale to stop her mum's home being repossessed - will reopen the bidding on Hungarian television on Thursday. The original sale was closed down by auction website eBay after the bidding had topped 100,000 GBP. Now local TV channel Tabu has taken over the sale, which will close on August 25. The freckle-faced girl - who claims she has never had a boyfriend and lives in northern Hungary with her mother - explained:" I don't think there is anything wrong with it. "It's just for one night. And I think it's actually quite romantic because the man who pays me this money will be helping to save my family from being homeless. He will be our saviour." "I broke off with the British guy because he wanted to go too far. I'm not looking for a husband - I'm doing this for my family," she added. The girl launched the sale with a blog titled Miss Spring and was astonished by the response. "I started to write a blog. But when hundreds and hundreds of men started to write emails and started a bid, I felt I couldn't hold the facts back from my mum any longer. "It is only the two of us living together as adults, and we both take care of my little brother, who is 20 months old. "So keeping my secret felt unfair. I told my mum about the plan. She was shocked and begged me not to do it but how else will we raise the cash to save our home? "I have a father but he remarried and isn't interested any more," she said. "The British man and most of the foreigners were nice. They supported me and cheered me on in my saddest hours. "But Hungarians only sent nasty messages, calling me rude names. I just do not get why they are so mean to me. "Hungarians called me a capitalist for wanting to sell my first night. I was told to go to work. What Hungarians should better understand than the foreigners is that it is very hard to get a job in Hungary. "Since the media frenzy started, a lot of people have called me a martyr or a slut. I am neither. I am just a girl who wants to have a better future, who wants to take care of her family," she added.


