The Krupa family in Karlovac, Croatia claims they are facing illegal eviction from their family house in which they have been living for 54 years. They claim they will be literally  "kicked onto the street"  because of an alleged debt to Zagreb bank. They claim it has never been proven that they own anything to the bank and all their attempts to solve the mystery have been blocked by others. The eviction is scheduled for 9am on 12 January, and they are demanding that the president of the court in Karlovac postpone the eviction until the justice and legality of the decision have been established. They say they felt strongly discriminated against in municipal and county courts in Karlovac in September 2009 owing to cultural, religious, ethnic and racial differences. The family, whose origin is Polish, believes that behind all the actions directed against them is a well-established network of several members of one "family" who specialise in cleansing cadastre and land registries. They said: "The local court is increasing the pressure in the knowledge that we have submitted our appeal to the constitutional court with significant and substantial evidence demonstrating the illegal action of the local mafia in cooperation with a corrupt justice system." The family wants to warn the public and government institutions as they claim "numerous illegal actions have been taking place in Karlovac in past years directed against us." They  have accused Croatian Economy Chamber (HGK) head Nadan Vidosevic and Minister of Defence Branko Vukelic of having been involved in illegal acts. The family said during proceedings against them in Municipal Court in Karlovac that all cases had been decided upon by the same judge regardless of whether the family had been a plaintiff or a defendant and all cases had later come before the same judge at County Court in Karlovac for confirmation. In their public announcement, they said "This must stopped, and we feel that only political will can stop it, as it is not only a question of the legal, but also of the political, reputation of Croatia as a future EU member state." Even the Croatian Helsinki Committee has warned the public and government institutions about "numerous illegal actions that have been taking place in Karlovac over the past years directed at the Krupa family."


