The major opposition Social Democratic Party (SDP) has presented part of its manifesto for next year's elections, promising a return to jobs for 80,000 of Croatia's current 280,000 unemployed in two year's time. At the economic conference held this Saturday, SDP's economic strategist Branko Grcic reviewed the country's current bleak situation and promised progress should the party win next year's parliamentary elections. "By 2013 we will accomplish GDP growth of four percent, by 2015 we will stabilize the growth rate at five per cent. We will lower the unemployment rate to 10 per cent and increase employment to more than 60 per cent," Grcic said. Currently, Croatia's unemployment rate hovers around 17 per cent while only 56 out of 100 working-age people are employed. Lashing out at the governing Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), Grcic said a wrong economic model had led to the current situation where industrial consumption is only 80 per cent of that prior to the war of the 1990s and foreign debt is 45 billion Euros, which makes every newborn child indebted by 10,000 Euros. "Just this year the price of gas went up 30 per cent, the price of the industrial gas makes us the fifth most expensive state in the EU," Grcic said, adding that the economy must be stimulated by lower prices of energy products. He also warned about foreign debt that is at 100 per cent of GDP and said that the country would require a six percent growth next year just to cover the debt and the interest. The more optimistic analysts have predicted only a 1.6 per cent growth for 2011. Grcic said that more than 65 per cent of Croatia's employed have salaries under the country's average, 80 per cent earn less than the consumer basket valued, 50 per cent of pensioners are below the poverty line and 90 per cent cannot cover their basic needs. He promised that the SDP would ensure a wide social and political alliance with citizens, aimed at yanking Croatia out of the hopelessness that the seven years of HDZ governance had brought. The majority party responded to the accusations and new promises, calling them "just empty phrases." "They did not say the key thing - that the economic model based on investments from the state budget and firms is spent, and that growth can only be achieved with private capital investments," said Minister of Finance Ivan Suker, adding that the current government economic recovery programme takes that into consideration.  He said the SDP had been promising 200,000 new jobs nine years ago. Suker also said that the estimate of four per cent GDP growth by 2013 is not revolutionary and that such growth will be a consequence of the current economic programme. He added that Croatia is not depressive but that "despite difficulties, our economy is exceptionally vital and is progressing daily," the newspaper Glas Istre writes.


