Slovak officials have admitted they asked Irish police to keep quiet about their botched security exercise which saw high explosives brought into Ireland attached to the bags of an unwitting airline passenger. Head of the Slovak border police Tobor Mako, whose officers carried out the operation, said that when Slovak officials finally contacted Irish counterparts on Tuesday to explain what had happened they asked them not to go public with the information. The news comes as the wife of 49-year-old electrician involved in the incident revealed her husband had been left "very traumatised" by the incident. Monika Gondova, whose husband Stefan was arrested by Irish police on Tuesday after he learnt Slovak cops had planted explosives in his luggage before he flew to Dublin on Saturday, said her husband was still in shock from the events this week.  "I have been told what he went through and what happened there and he is trying to escape from what went on. He is still very traumatised by it all." But she has refused to discuss the scandal in any detail. She said: "My husband doesn't want anything else said on the details of what went on." But she said the policeman whose mistake allowed the explosives on the plane and who then failed to inform his senior officers about the blunder for two days should not be disciplined. She said: "I feel very sorry for the policeman involved. I don't want him to suffer unnecessarily. We all make mistakes and I am sure that he had no bad intentions when he did this." She added she and her husband had also rejected legal advice urging them to sue over the incident. "What happened has happened and we're sorry it did but people make mistakes. "None of us are machines and [the Slovak authorities] have apologised to us. I'm sure there were good intentions in what they were doing." Lawyers in Slovakia have urged 49-year-old Stefan, who has three children and returns to his home country regularly, to sue Slovak police over the incident, claiming they violated his rights when they planted the explosives in his bags before the flight from Poprad in the north of the country on Saturday. International security experts have also attacked Slovak police chiefs' claims that the botched exercise was "routine" and carried out at airports across the world "regularly". Czech security expert Andor Sandor said: "If such exercises are ever really carried out then police are used as the people involved, not civilians. What went on with this incident was complete amateurism."


