Ten days of intensive basic training in accordance with Part-147 of EASA has been held for the Trade Air engineers in Velika Gorica, Croatia who maintain and inspect the airline's aircraft. The professionals of one of the largest Eastern European technical aircraft maintenance companies - FL Technics based in Lithuania - conducted the training in accordance with Part-147 of EASA and certified the engineers. Aircraft maintenance technicians receive instruction from the Training unit of FL Technics. Basic knowledge, specific types of aircraft maintenance and other specialised courses are conducted according to part 147 of the European Union EASA regulation. Trained professionals receive international certificates verifying their qualification and allowing them to work on the international air service market. "We are very pleased with how the training was conducted and the result of it. The whole training went very smoothly. We will definitely recommend FL Technics Training to anyone asking for this kind of service" said Trade Air CEO Marko Cvijin. FL Technics Training professionals arrived to the Trade Air base and offered training to the Croatian aircraft engineers according to the program based specifically on their needs. "This is our first step in the Balkan region. We are excited that it was successful and we are paying a lot of attention to this aviation market. For the Croatian airlines we have prepared a proposal with maximum flexibility taking into account relevant aspects of price and organisation of training. This allowed us to hold high-quality training fully corresponding to the customer's requirements," said FL Technics CEO Jonas Butautis. He pointed out that FL Technics, as one of the largest aircraft maintenance companies in the Eastern Europe, considers the Balkan region to have a high-potential and rapidly growing aviation market which requires new professionals and good quality aviation services. Butautis states that the company under his leadership is prepared to provide special proposals to the Croatian market in order to meet customers' needs both from a pricing and organizational perspective.


