The Croatian government is considering introducing taxes on milk, bread and medicines in an effort to collect more money to finance rising debt payments. Croatia paid 5.3 billion kunas (719.5 milion Euros) for interest on debt two years ago. This year those financial obligations have grown to 6.3 billion or 855 million Euros, and are expected to reach 7.3 million (991 million Euros) in 2011. The cost of these annual expenditures has surpassed all state subventions to companies or farmers. The government is currently debating where to find the additional funds for these rising costs as they prepare the next year's budget, the daily Vecernji List writes. According to the government, the budget for 2011 must not defy the established framework and the three-year guidelines. The revenues from taxes are expected to be 108 billion kunas (14.6 billion Euros) while expenditures must stop at 122 billion (16.6 billion). According to these expectations, the expenses must be half a billion kunas lower than this year.  The maths may not add up when taking other expenses into consideration, such as higher debt payments, more money for pensions, and financing the upcoming census. Experts doubt, however, that even government revenues will be as high as expected since taxpayers are exhausted, they say. That leaves two possibilities, the daily writes. One possibility is, that starting January 2011, the zero VAT rate (on bread, milk, books, medicine) will be eliminated. The other possibility is to cut expenses. Higher VAT would affect citizens' standard of living and would encourage inflation. According to HDZ coalition partner Milorad Pupovac, the solution is not in the increase of taxes, but in the re-distribution of costs, or measures such as making savings on subsidies. "Further savings are necessary, even when it comes to subsidies. Unfortunately, subsidies for agriculture are not rational, they are insufficiently productive and without appropriate control. There is room for savings there," said Pupovac. Since the Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor assured the public that the government will not be cutting salaries and pensions, VAT increases seem more plausible. The daily's source says that some people want the increase to take place at the beginning of next year, while others prefer to wait until 2012. The VAT on milk, bread and medicine could be anywhere between five and 10 per cent.


