Crematorium workers at the Oejendorf cemetery in Hamburg are being investigated over allegations they stole corpse's gold teeth and valuables. An insider who wanted to remain unnamed revealed to a German newspaper: "The crematorium workers would wait until the compulsory second inquest was over. When they could be sure that nobody would look into the coffin any more, the looting started. "Bridges and dentures were ripped out, rings were cut off fingers with pliers and after the cremation the ashes were searched for gold remains." The insider estimated that the sold valuables amount to 33,000 GBP annually. Since the end of August the state prosecution have been investigating the case. They have searched the workers' lockers. Lutz Rehkopf, spokesperson for Hamburg's cemeteries said: "I cannot tell you what they found suffice it to say that it has solidified our suspicion." Nine crematorium workers have been suspended. The insider added: "Pillows and shirts were taken and even the coffin handles which can cost 15 GBP and were sold to undertakers for three GBP. "In the crematorium there was the so called "pig room" just left of the oven in which the booty was stockpiled. "What I'm telling you is standard procedure in many crematoriums. Perfectly normal. I know one crematorium whose boss cashes in all proceeds generated this way and uses them to finance his annual winter holiday in Davos, Switzerland." Hamburg's cemetery authorities have noticed irregularities a while ago: 13,000 bodies are being burnt in the Oejendorf crematorium every year but the returned amount of precious metal had decreased continuously. The only explanation was that somebody had been taking some of it which is strictly prohibited. Lutz Rehkopf said: "If the relatives don't claim the valuables of the deceased they belong to us." Hamburg's cemeteries for example donate the so generated money to child cancer welfare. Rehkopf added: "Burial requires trust. Relatives trust that everything goes the way it is supposed to."


