Former Croatian Prime Minister has returned home from a month-long absence and some analysts believe he might use this time to regroup and attempt a return to power. After a month in the United States where he had been offered a visiting lecturer position at the prestigious Columbia University in New York, the former Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader has allegedly returned home to testify about the controversial privatization process of the Croatian national oil company Ina. An inquiry committee into the privatization is questioning former and current government officials, administrative personnel and members of the company's supervisory board in regards to all agreements that took place between INA and the Hungarian MOL, the company's biggest single shareholder (47.2 per cent stake). The controversial former PM - who abruptly left his position before the expiration of his mandate in 2009 - is implicated in several fraudulent affairs.  After uncertainty about whether he would respond to the summons, Sanader is now expected to testify on October 12. But some Croatian observers believe that Sanader's return is only partially influenced by his upcoming testimony.  Dr. Josip Kregar, the former dean of Zagreb's Law faculty says that Sanader has come back to regroup and "gather people around him with whom he will try to come back to power." "He is used to being popular and powerful," Kregar says of the former Prime Minister, "and it is difficult for him to come to terms with the fact that he does not have the power or the popularity that he is used to." For months now public opinion polls have rated Sanadar as the country's most unpopular politician. Kregar adds that Sanader's return could seriously shake up the ranks of the majority Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) as he could accuse his former colleagues of numerous unlawful dealings. "Don't forget that Sanader knows more about them then they do about him," warns Kregar. "His goal is, after all, to gather all HDZ people loyal to him," as well as those outside of the party, the daily Dnevno writes. "That is why he will not hesitate to accuse his former colleagues of crimes, which could be deadly for HDZ." One of the most vocal opposition representatives in the Parliament, Nenad Stazic of Social Democratic Party (SDP) said: "We are witnesses to complete chaos in the government and in HDZ, a chaos that came about as a consequence of daily surfacing of new affairs." Every day new witnesses are showing up, says Stazic, and their testimonies could put HDZ in a very uncomfortable position. "Considering that Sanader is being surrounded he will have to defend himself, and while doing so he could sink the entire government and HDZ's top," says Stazic. It remains to be seen, but the developments could have few consequences for the parliamentary elections next year. Stazic believes that the party will get its usual 25 per cent, or as much it garnered in 2000 when it had one of its lowest ratings in history.


