American author Paul Von Ward has backed a new campaign in Bosnia to have the "Bosnian Valley of Pyramids" given official recognition as the oldest and largest pyramids in the world. Excavation of the site close to the central town of Visoko has been going on now for several years and Von Ward who was in the country this week confirmed he was giving his backing to the claim. The Harvard trained author said: "The Bosnian Valley of Pyramids is the most exciting and most important archaeological place in the world. Bosnian pyramids are bigger than Egyptian ones." "They are a stunning blow to conventional history - these mammoth structures were built bigger and better and even earlier - thousands of miles away in Europe - than the pyramids in Egypt. "The Bosnian pyramids don't have pharaohs in them, but were instead built as tributes to ancient Gods by thousands of slave workers. The Bosnian bid for recognition is also backed by Egyptian archaeologist Dr Nabil Swelim. He said: "It is the biggest pyramid in the world. It is a building achievement of genius and great importance for the entire world. This is an unbelievable discovery. It will take a lot of time to understand how these great structures were built." The Egyptian expert was invited to Visoko two years ago by a group attempting to disprove the claims of an amateur archaeologist Semir Osmanagic who believes pyramid shaped mountains in Visoko were man-made. But instead he declared himself shocked by what he found - delighting Bosnian officials who had earlier decided to sponsor excavations at the site. Bosnian Prime Minister Nedzad Brankovic said at that stage: "We were told the world was laughing at us when we decided to back this excavation, but there is no government in the world that should stay quiet on things which are positive. Why should we deny something that has attracted the attention of the whole world? We want to have official institutions involved in research in Visoko and to be part of the discovery." Osmanagic was born in Bosnia but moved to America where he made a fortune that he has spent on travelling the world visiting ancient sites - earning himself the nickname Indiana Jones. Like the real adventure hero he rejected conventional wisdom and has continued his work in the hills close to Visoko together with hundreds of volunteers. He claims it is the greatest find since Tutankhamen after unearthing what he claims is proof that Europe had the first pyramids. Locals say the find is the best thing that has happened to Bosnia since visits by Bono Vox or the Pope, and good for business. Local shopkeeper Safet Salkic said: "People here were sceptical but now we believe in Semir Osmanagic. One can clearly see that the mountain above the town of Visoko is in a pyramid shape, we were so used to it we never saw it, but we have looked at the results so far and are amazed we never noticed what was before our noses. "This is a great thing for the town and the entire country. It is at least some good news for our economy after years of war and economic crisis, but it is not a PR stunt - which many were claiming at first until big names started to back us and then the government decided to fund the research." Semir Osmanagic agreed, saying: "Yes, everyone from taxi drivers to hotels, restaurants and coffee shops have benefited - but that wasn't our goal. We want to present to the world the great site that we have discovered in Visoko. Dr Swelim's remarks have now brought international verification that we have Bosnian pyramids. This discovery has changed the history of Europe."


