By Jelena Kopanja in Vienna The sixth annual Festival of Croatian Music in Vienna continued this past Saturday with Wiener Tschuchenkapelle band, that brought traditional sounds to throngs of revellers at the Burgenland-Croatian Centre in Austria's capital. The Centre's performance space  - which under the dimmed lights and with a bar next door feels more like a jazz club than a cultural centre - was jam packed this evening as Wiener Tschuschenkapelle fired up the audiences with their medley of Balkan rhythms. Visitors lined the walls and filled the room to the brim. The only downside to this cozy and crammed venue was that there was no room to dance. Because, as many will confirm, it is very difficult to sit out most of the Wiener Tschuschenkapelle's numbers.  Restless feet wanted to rebel and had kept the rhythm in place; bouncy bodies were kept glued to their chairs solely by the lack of space. Wiener Tschuschenkapelle is a band of outsiders.  Led by Slavko Ninic from Slavonia (eastern Croatia), it gathers a bunch of versatile musicians who play under a funny - and symbolic - name. The word "Tschuschen" is a derogatory term for former-Yugoslav migrants, who first started coming to Austria in large numbers as guest workers in 1970s. The band had adopted it as a joke, after an Austrian friend made the suggestion. But for the group and their followers, the word has, perhaps with time, acquired a different meaning. "I hope we have diluted that poisonous content of the word," says Ninic, who has seen some positive change in the years since the band's inception.  "I hear some saying - you can no longer swear at them with that word Tschusch, because there is this Tschuschenkapelle and they play really well." The band has created a diverse repertoire of "ethnic" sounds spanning the Balkans.  And while much of that repertoire consists of the well-known, traditional melodies that they call the "Tschuschen classics," some of the band's original work speaks to the unique gastarbeiter - guest worker  - experience of many of the former-Yugoslavs who found themselves in Austria. This Saturday's evening focused on traditional Croatian music - from lively, dance melodies to more subdued rhythms tugging at expatriates' hearts.  The special guest Ivica Orlic's powerful voice carried some of the more nostalgic tunes straight out of the enraptured listeners' memories and into the present. The 40-year-old Slavko Juric came to the concert for the music, but also for the opportunity to chat with some of his countrymen. He has been living in Austria for almost 20 years and although he considers himself to be "well-integrated" here, there are certain things that only his homeland can offer. "I miss the sea," says Juric, who was born in Dalmatian town of Trogir. "Nothing else, just the sea. If Austria had a sea and more sun, I would never go back." The Festival of Croatian Music in Vienna (Festival hrvatske glazbe u Becu) brings a little bit of home to Croatians in Austria - both expats and those belonging to the autochthonous Croat minority in Austria's Burgenland province, who still feel connected to Croatia and maintain that connection through language and customs. Still one of the festival's main goals is to bring the Croatian music and culture closer to Austrian audiences. The director of Croatian Music Information Centre and the mastermind behind the festival, Davor Merkas says that the event tries to showcase all genres of Croatian music. "Not only classical, but also pop, authentic traditional music, jazz, world music," says Merkas. "In these six years, some of the most famous Croatian interpreters have been presented here." The aim is also to highlight Croatian composers and present some previously unknown pieces. This year the festival premiered a work of the Croatian author Luka Sorkocevic that had been collecting dust in the archives for almost 250 years. In the six years since its inception, the festival has become a partnership between Austria and Croatia, with both governments supporting the initiative.  The Croatian President Ivo Josipovic and his Austrian counterpart Heinz Fischer were both in attendance at the opening night. In addition to being the head of the Croatian state, Josipovic is also a composer and one of his works - Samba Brevis for string orquestra - was performed that evening. With passion and dedication, the festival has grown in these six years from what could have been described as a "home made affair"  - with Merkas procuring his mom's bed linens for the visiting performers - to a large event that has attracted thousands of visitors and has garnered a lot of media attention, both in Austria and in Croatia. And judging from the make-up of the audience on this past Saturday, the festival's goals have been accomplished, with Burgenland Croats, Croatian expats and Austrians mixing to the Wiener Tschuschenkapelle's contagious beats. For the Austrian Burgi Mohaupt - who has been trying to learn the Croatian language - coming to the concert was a special treat. "I love Croatian folk songs and music," said the visibly- excited Mohaupt in her halting, but very earnest Croatian. Croatian Music Festival continues through December 5th. For more information about the upcoming events, visit http://www.mic.hr/festival/wien/festival_articles/program.


