The American neurologist who plans to map the neural pathways in the brain of Josef Fritzl said he plans to use shocking and disturbing images to see how they stimulate the brain of the incest monster. Kent A. Kiehl who has investigated the brains of 1,200 murderers to try and find what makes them tick, said: "Fritzl's brain will be confronted with disturbing images while his brain is checked by Magnetic Resonance Tomography." The New Mexico-based expert said one of the pictures the 75-year-old Fritzl would be shown was an image of a woman who is threatened with a knife, while another image just featured the slogan "You have sex with your mother!" Fritzl argued at his trial last year that the overly strict regime of his mother was one of the reasons he started to abuse his own children. Court psychiatrists admitted he never got over his mother's failure to show any kind of affection towards him. Kiehl explained that sane people show immense reaction to the repulsive pictures of his programme, while psychopathic killers show little or no reaction. He said: "Psychopaths show as much sympathy as we do with a Christmas goose while we carve it." If Fritzl gives the green light to the examination, he would also face a ten-hour questioning session by a psychologist. Fritzl already underwent many hours of interviewing by court psychiatrist Adelheid Kastner ahead of his trial. Kiehl said his test session would be evaluated on a scale from 0 to 40, while a figure higher than 30 describes psychopaths. Fritzl has been meeting lawyers to evaluate the chances for a retrial of his case and is hoping that the test might prove he is in some way not responsible for his actions. "I allowed them to drag me to the guillotine like a sheep," he is quoted as saying about the March 2009 court case. Speaking about his motives for examining the world's most evil criminals with his 1.9-million-Euro mobile Siemens Magnetic Resonance Tomography (MRT), Kiehl explained: "I want to clarify why criminals can torture, rape and kill without showing any sympathy for their victims." He added: "Fritzl's actions are those of a true psychopath. He knew exactly how badly his victims suffered, but he didn't show any signs of guilt. He acted without any emotion." Fritzl imprisoned his own daughter Elisabeth in a self-built cellar dungeon under the family home in Amstetten for 24 years. She bore seven children by him of which one died shortly after birth from breathing complications. He has reportedly made friends with a cold-blooded killer serving life for slaughtering seven helpless victims and a former Olympic figure skater. Jail bosses meanwhile praised Fritzl. Prison general lieutenant Peter Prechtl said: "He is unobtrusive and has adapted well to day to day prison routines." Prechtl said Fritzl spent his days working as a cleaner and helped hand out meals in the prison canteen on his wing where he earns around 115 pounds a month to spend in the jail shop.


