Civilised queueing is something that Britain prides itself on - and is thought to be part of what makes the country great. But now a new study has revealed that Britons are positive lightweights when it comes to the art of queueing in Europe. Long suffering Russians spend an average of 27 minutes patiently standing in line in banks and post offices compared to just three minutes in the UK, says the report. And even Italians are better queuers than the British, spending on average 14 minutes in line, says the study by Russian marketing group Nextep. The group studied queueing behaviour in 18 European countries measuring the amount of time people spent in line in fast food restaurants, supermarkets and banks. Swedish queues are the fastest, taking a paltry 2 minutes. "Russia has a great tradition and patience for queuing from the old Soviet days. "People would queue for days on end without really knowing what they were actually waiting for," said Nextep spokeswoman Oksana Aulchenkova. And for the long suffering Russians queues are not only the longest in Europe - but also the slowest. The study revealed that the average Russian queue contains seven people. The Russian government is leading by example where government institutions are notorious for their inefficiency. When a law demanding the re-registration of limited liability companies came into effect - tens of thousands of companies had to register in a single tax office in Moscow within six months. Given the pressures of working hours, up to 1,500 people had to queue there at peak times. If you take Russia out of the equation, the average time spent in queues across Europe significantly diminishes. Thus queues in banks across the world, that average at 19.5 minutes, in post offices at 19.3 and in shops at 10.8, all diminish to a more palatable 9, 15.2 and 5.8 minutes respectively. Another cause for the wait in Russia is slow personnel. On average, cashiers in supermarkets spend 3 minutes per customer, while in Europe the average serving time is one minute. And while those in the EU start getting annoyed after a mere two minutes, Russians can keep going for an impressive 15 before running out of patience.


