A caretaker has told a court how he burned former British model Eve Rhodes alive at her Hungarian animal sanctuary after she whipped him with a dog lead in a row over his wages. Odd job man Csaba Augusztinyi told judges in Gyor that he first beat Ms Rhodes senseless with an axe and then dragged her onto a bonfire of garden rubbish at the Puss in Boots sanctuary she founded in Bony. Medical evidence showed that Ms Rhodes - a former friend of Beatle John Lennon and Yoko Ono - was probably still alive when Augusztinyi, 31, twice had to rekindle the fire with petrol when it went out. He told judges when the trial opened on Tuesday: "She hit me with a dog lead so I grabbed the handle of an axe and I hit back with that." Augusztinyi told the court he wanted to quit his job at the remote farm after just a few days when he fell out with Ms Rhodes over his working conditions. "I did not like working for Eva. I had to sleep on the same mattress as the cats and it was terribly smelly. "Eva was often upset, claiming Hungarians - including me - were nasty alcoholics who did not like to work. I did not like the way she treated Hungarians, nor her treatment of me. "So a few days after starting to work for her I told her I wanted to quit. She told me to stay until she could get a replacement. "But she did not even look for a replacement and she was holding my paycheck back as well. I wanted to leave, she was holding back and it led to a deadly disagreement," he added. The court was told that Augusztinyi hit Ms Rhodes so hard that the axe handle broke in half. "I was fuming with anger when she hit me with the lead. I hit her on the head and she collapsed so I left her there. "Then 20 minutes later I returned. I thought she was dead so I dragged her onto the fire. I did not want to kill her, and I am sorry I did it," he told judges. After watching his boss burn, Augusztinyi put her charred remains into a wheelbarrow and buried her in a pit where he usually dumped the sanctuary's dog excrement. "I put the remains into a wheelbarrow and buried them under the ground in the yard next door. It was the same place where I usually dug the dog s**t. "I'm not sure what exactly remained of Eva because I did not dare to look at the gruesome sight," he said. Augusztinyi fled after stealing cash and a laptop computer and Ms Rhodes' body was not discovered until her worried sister Judith Majlath insisted local police search the remote farm 200 miles from Budapest. He was arrested when CCTV footage emerged of him and Ms Rhodes in a mobile phone shop a few hours before she was killed. Ms Majlath has been critical of the Hungarian police investigation into her sister's death and believes only part of her remains have been recovered. 'We have consulted an expert and according to him my sister's body and her bones could not have disintegrated. "The recovered bones are only a part of what there should be. Three litres of gasoline and a few pieces of wood are not enough for someone to have burned so completely," she said. At an earlier hearing last year Augusztinyi admitted killing Ms Rhodes. Now judges are hearing four days of mitigation evidence to see if he should be jailed for life for murder. The case continues.


