The daughter of murdered British ex-model Eva Rhodes has shown a court evidence that she claims proves police bungled the investigation into her mother's death. Mrs Rhodes was beaten senseless at her remote animal refuge in Hungary by odd job man Csaba Augusztinyi who then burned her alive and buried her remains. But her daughter Sophie Barta - whose mum was a friend of Beatle John Lennon and Yoko Ono - has infuriated judges at the caretaker's trial by insisting that an official cover-up had let his accomplices cheat justice. Now Ms Barta has dramatically produced photographs of her mother's charity accounts and diary, which show that Augusztinyi had an assistant at the refuge. And she told the Gyor-Moson-Somogy County Court that the books contain "crucial evidence" that a second employee played a "vital part" in her mother's murder. She accused police of sitting on the evidence for months without even studying the books. "The police were holding onto my mother's books and the crucial evidence they contained for more than seven months, yet they did not even bother to look into it. "From the notes my mother took it is certain that her other employee must have had a vital part in the murder of my mother," said Ms Barta. The court - due to return a verdict on Augusztinyi tomorrow (Thursday May 13) - is considering a no confidence appeal from Ms Barta to set aside the trail and order a new investigation. And she's promised to take the case to the International Court of Justice in the Hague if her plea is rejected. "If the courts turn my request down, I'll take the case to the international court because I feel that the law has been disregarded several times in my case and that's just not right," said Ms Barta. Defence lawyers claim Augusztinyi only killed Mrs Rhodes, who became a successful model after moving from Hungary to London in the 1960s, in a fit of anger while provoked in a row over his wages and should not be facing a murder charge. But her family has accused Hungarian authorities of stage managing a "scandalous cover up" over her killing. Her Puss in Boots animal refuge - funded in part by a gift from Yoko Ono - had infuriated local farmers and led to frequent clashes with police. Her sister Judith Majlath said: "There are huge holes, abuses in this case and it seems that no one in authority wants justice done or the truth of what happened to Eva to be known." "One has to ask why they don't want the truth known or us raising awkward questions about the involvement of others in this horrific murder and scandalous cover-up. "What is taking place in court is a mockery, it is not a murder trial, it is a circus," she added.


