British gang-busting police have arrested more than 30 Romanian mobsters accused of sending an army of snatched children to beg and steal on the streets of Britain. Police estimate that more then 170 youngsters as young as seven have been trafficked to the UK by the gang. Scotland Yard officers working with local anti-Mafia cops in Romania this morning (Thursday) took part in a series of raids in Tandarei, a gangland heartland in the south of the country. More than 300 officers searched 34 homes and properties in the co-ordinated dawn searches. The heavily armed officers recovered AK-47 machine guns, high-powered hunting rifles and other guns and pistols capable of buying everything from gas bombs through to rubber bullets. They also seized luxury cars, jewels and "large sums of money" from the palatial properties as well as documents authorising the gang members with permission from parents to look after the children - paperwork that was vital to get the children across the borders and into the United Kingdom. Police say the modern-day Fagins forced their young victims - snatched from poor gypsy communities - to beg in Britain and go on pick-pocketing and shoplifting sprees. Mob bosses set them up with bogus documents and homes in London and other big cities and then put them to work on the streets. A police spokesman said: "The children were told their families would be at risk if they tried to flee, and families were told the children would be harmed if they made a complaint to authorities." Police are believed to have acted after investigating the massive amounts of money flowing into the gypsy community at Tandarei where massive palaces were being built. Norbert Ceipek, who is the head of the Augarten crisis centre in Vienna Austria that has worked with trafficked children since Romania joined Schengen, said: "Even the good thieves and pickpockets end up in prostitution past the age of 14, because they cease to be useful as they can then be arrested by police. They usually work as prostitutes up to 18, when they get married and have children of their own. Those children face the same fate and the circle goes on. "The children don't have any access to education and never get any real chance to fit into normal society. But most of the families, and even the children, do not feel they are being victimised. "What is happening to them is the only thing they've known. The whole system of values is turned upside down: a child is appreciated and loved if it earns money by stealing, whereas sending it to school or integrating it into society is seen as a waste of time and money." The traffickers switched to targeting the UK when Eastern European countries like Romania and Bulgaria joined the EU - but they had already established networks using children in Schengen countries including Germany, Italy and Austria. According to social workers who have rescued child victims in Austria, some Roma communities punish families which refuse to rent their child to traffickers. Sanctions can range from ostracism and fines to violence or even murder. Other parents believe the traffickers' fiction that their children will enjoy a better way of life in the West, and will even send money home. Romanian officials calculate that a typical pimp operating 15 girls can earn about 7,500 euro a day if their trade is prostitution; slightly less if they are pickpockets and thieves. It adds up to an annual income of 2.7 million euros. Many pimps operate in networks up to 50-strong, whose "group turnover" could total 135 million euros.


