These spectacular looking alien lifeforms are part of the award-winning collection of German photographer Manfred Kage who has dedicated his life to unlocking the secrets of the micro-verse. In a new exhibition detailing the best of his work Kage explains that ever since as a child he had first peered through a microscope lens into a drop of water he had been fascinated by the world's within worlds that exist under the microscope. Probably one of his greatest creations is a photo of an ant which appears to be smiling as it holds a tiny cog. The ant in the photograph was actually dead. Kage and his wife placed the micro-cog on its antennae using a special home made gadget consisting of a guinea-pig eyelash attached to a toothpick. He developed that obsession into a passion that he has devoted the last 50 years is his life to - becoming one of the world's leading photographers of microphotography - capturing the miniature world that is often too small to see with the naked eye. He said: "I started small with algae from the local pond, and although everybody else was interested in bigger things I just got smaller." His first black and white shot of tin crystals under a microscope was followed by hundreds of photographs of diatoms, computer chips, moon minerals, and bark beetles. Nowadays Kage runs a family business which markets the 'wonderful world of the microscopic'. Working alongside him are his daughter Ninja-Nadine and wife Christine. He married the trained microbiologist in 1999. She mainly assists her husband in preparing the subject. Manfred Kage has such a passion for his subject that he built his first microscope himself. The twelve year old used a Zeiss-Lens, his toy tool box and materials like a dentist's mirror and the handle bar from his bike to construct a microscope. His parents were not particularly taken with their son's hobby, and tried to encourage him to play like a 'normal' little boy. He said: "I also used my little tool set to make a big crane in which I placed his microscope. When my parents were around I played nicely with the vehicle, hiding the fact that I really spent all the time dreaming about the fascinating world of the miniature."


