China's Humpty Dumpty girl has finally won a place at a specialist hospital in a bid to find a cure for a condition that has made her body wider than it is tall. They mystery illness that has baffled docs has left 4-year-old Xiao Xing in constant pain any yesterday her father Hu Tianpeng, a farmer and causal labourer who earns less than 100 euros a month, told JournalismWithoutBorders.com: "Every day for four years I had to look at my little girl suffering - I would have gladly accepted the pain myself, but now thanks to the publicity the hospital has agreed to look at her. I hope that in the meantime we can get enough money to pay whatever it takes to cure her. "I saved up some money each month although I had to keep my wife and family and my parents, and every time we had 30 euros saved - we would visit a doctor but so far I have had no luck. No-one could help." That changed however when he uploaded a few images on the internet, and suddenly had thousands of people logging on. "Because its so cold and hard for her to walk, she rarely goes out, and when people come to the house she hides in an other room because they stare or point, she hates to see her shadow even, and has to hold her belly all the time to support it." The girl from Yuncheng, in Shanxi province in northern China, who has a massively oversized body began a battery of tests at the Second Artillery General Hospital in Beijing on Tuesday after the media coverage and the intervention of the NGO Angel Mom. Hospital spokesman Lu Hongke said: "She travelled here by train which was not ideal and that has caused her some distress, but she is here now and resting. We hope that by a careful diagnosis we can find out what is wrong - and find a cure." Bian Ce, a doctor at the Second Artillery General Hospital of PLA who is in charge of Hu's case, said a build up of fluid had led to the compression of organs. Bian said the exact mode of treatment will be decided after additional tests but the medical bill will likely hit 80,000 yuan which they are hoping to raise through donations. Xiao Xing, who now weighs more than 25 kilograms, was found to have a bigger belly that her peers eight months after she was born in February 2006. But instead of shrinking, her waist has continued to grow at an alarming rate. Her waist is now 106 cm compared to the 20 or 30 of a normal child of her age. With a height of 99 cm she is wider than she is tall. "If we collect more than we need to cover the medical bills we will transfer additional money to other children who need help," she said..

JournalismWithoutBorders.com is working together with the family and any money collected will be paid into the account set up by Angel Mum for her treatment.


