Kindhearted German police stepped in to help clothe and feed a New Zealand couple for free after they lost everything when their mobile home burst into flames in the middle of their round the world trip. New Zealander Jonathan Burdis was left with just a pair of shorts after having to flee from the camper van he was travelling in with wife Stephanie when it burst into flames as they were driving down a German autobahn. Aircraft technician Jonathan, 31, said they had invested everything they had in the luxury camper van and had been driving along the A71 in Germany near Schweinfurt when they realised the engine had caught fire. Jonathan told German media: "It all happened so fast. I didn't have a shirt on and we were driving along and I suddenly realised the engine was on fire. I barely had time to pull to the side of the road and we leapt out of the vehicle seconds before everything burst into flames." The couple sold everything to invest in their five-year dream trip but had only been travelling for three years when they were hit by the mystery blaze. The trip was supposed to take in large sections of Europe including Ireland and Scotland as well as Russia and Asia. Everything they owned had been in the vehicle, including their credit cards, money and clothes - and even the memories they had from the photographs taken while on the road until now. Stephanie said: "I suppose everything can be replaced but what makes me most sad is that the photographs are irreplaceable." The couple were helped out by local policemen Werneck and Markus Redelberger who arranged for clothes to be provided from a C&A store for free. They were also given a free bed and breakfast hotel and even the food was for free as they have no money to pay for anything, all organised by the German officers. Jonathan said: "Despite everything that happened we are really grateful for the police officers' help." And Jonathan remains philosophical about what happened - saying that almost everything that happened did so for a reason. He told local media: "Perhaps there is a reason why we should go back now - we just don't know it yet."


