Fimi-Media PR company, which is under investigation for fraud, seems to have served as a "cash factory" for some top statesmen including members of the governing Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), the latest evidence shows. Fimi-Media had been the "go to" firm for numerous state companies and institutions when it came to public relations work. Many of these jobs had been handed over to the PR firm through rigged public bidding.  A lot of the firm's profits then went back into the hands of officials who used the money for funding HDZ's election campaign, amongst other things. Former treasurer of HDZ Mladen Barisic, and the former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader have both been implicated in the affair. Barisic has testified to have given Sanader 30 million kunas (4.04 million Euros) through Fimi-Media. The affair began four years ago when Fimi Media - owned by Barisic's friend, Nevenka Jurisic - started facing financial troubles. The solution to the firm's problems was an agreement with Sanader and Barisic, the daily Jutarnji List writes. They would ensure that Fimi-Media gets business from public firms and state institutions (as well as some private companies) in return for its profits that would then serve for various party needs, including election campaign financing. Jurak claims that her compensation was nominal and consisted of regular agent fees as expense reimbursements. She handed over the majority of the firm's profits to the two officials. According to the investigators, several million kunas were spent on financing promotional materials for HDZ election campaign, without any agreements or receipts being provided. The Minister of Sea, Transport and Infrastructure Bozidar Kalmeta and his former state secretary Zdravko Livakovic are another two high-ranking officers potentially implicated in the affair. Several names of HDZ's coalition partners have also emerged during the investigation. It had been confirmed in several cases that the public firms, including the Ministry of the Interior, have ensured jobs for Nevenka Jurak's firm, with rigged public bidding serving as a cover-up for irregularities. For the most part, the jobs were real but their costs were blown up. There were also some cases of fictional projects for which the firm received payments. The company's revenues skyrocketed in three or four years, with the final amount not yet confirmed by the investigators.


