Serbia and Croatia must strengthen their economic cooperation in order to better compete on the European and global markets, the country's heads agreed during yesterday's (Thu) economic forum in Zagreb. It is true that some Serbian companies had faced discrimination in public tenders, but similar things have occurred in Serbia, the Croatian president Ivo Josipovic said at the event organized by the Croatian Chamber of Economy (HGK). Those times are over, he added, and no longer will politics obstruct economic cooperation between the two states. This is necessary if the two countries are to compete effectively against bigger and more modern world economies at the European Union market. Tadic said that both countries are plagued by similar chronic illnesses: deficit, big debt, social pressures and the expectations from social structures that the state should solve all problems. "Produce, sell and win over the competition is not simple," said Tadic, adding that both Serbia and Croatia had come to the brink of an economic collapse in the crisis, due to their import-oriented economies lacking competitiveness. For Croatian entrepreneur looking to break onto Serbian markets, Tadic sees the biggest opportunities in metal industry, software and IT sector and construction. Serbian Minister of Trade and Services Slobodan Milosavljevic said that Serbia offers its investors a good tax system, incentives ranging from 2,000 to 10,000 Euros for every new job created and stimulus for large, strategic investments. Croatia is Serbia's 14th largest foreign investor. The president of HGK Nadan Vidosevic has reminded those present of the first meeting between Croatian and Serbian entrepreneurs some 10 years ago, when he said that while the days of "brotherhood and unity" are over, he dreams of the day when the two countries will be allies on the European and world markets. Since then, the two states have increased their trade 24 times to 1.2 billion dollars in 2008. Only with mutual cooperation, Vidosevic pointed out, can the two countries become a relevant factor on the European and global economic stage.


