Hollywood hunk Colin Farrell has dumped Polish actress Alicja Bachleda-Curus, the mother of his son Henry Tadeusz, it emerged today (Thurs). Sources close to the couple - who met on the set of their movie "Ondine" two years ago - told Polish media that Farrell had told Alicja he did not want to be tied down. "Colin was never going to marry her. He cares for her and the baby but he wants to be a free spirit," one family friend told local newspaper Super Express. Farrell - who was recently spotted partying in New York with British supermodel Agyness Deyn - was thought to have given up his hell-raising ways after the birth of baby Henry, who celebrated his first birthday last week. Friends of the star have blamed the troubled romance in Alicja's traditional family who never approved of the womanising star, especially her mother Lydia. He banned her family from Henry's birth after a family falling out and one pal told Polish media that Farrell was "completely aware of how her family view his reputation - and this has pissed him off." The "Phone Booth" star once told how he was horrified when Alicja's family were sent a video of his notorious sex romp with model Nicole Naraine. "It was a very embarrassing moment," he confessed. The film - shot more than seven years ago and banned since the star won an injunction in 2005 - appalled Alicja's family. "They are simple mountain people who are pretty conservative and this video just confirms for them what they thought all along - that Farrell is a corrupt bastard," a family friend told local media. "They don't see him as a superstar - but as a person who has hurt the pride of their family," he added. "Her mother Lydia went to America to see her daughter and the couple's son Henry Tadeusz, but she ignored his English name and just called him Tadeusz. "She is determined to persuade Alicja to grow up and bring her baby back to Poland so that he can be raised away from Hollywood," said a member of the actress's family. Friends say the rot set into the romance just weeks after their son's birth when Farrell and Alicja spent the baby's first Christmas apart. Farrell spent the holiday with his family in Ireland celebrating his gay brother Eamon's wedding while Alicja stayed at home in Los Angeles with their baby. One family member in Alicja's Polish homeland told local media at the time: "Alicja is putting a brave face on it and says that everything is fine. But we can see that it's not really. She is far away from home and all alone. We can see that she's suffering."


