The recent opening of the Croatian Chamber of Economy (HGK) office in Afghanistan has been heralded as the beginning of a greater Croatian presence on central Asian markets, the Croatian daily Vecernji List writes. At the opening in Kabul, the president of the HGK Nadan Vidosevic said that Croatia must embark on the difficult road of global competition. "Croatia can no longer live from loans and property sales. It has to open new markets," Vidosevic said. While he acknowledged the importance of Europe, he said that Croatia must turn to other large world markets such as Central Asia, China, Indian, Brazil and Russia. Vidosevic also visited Croatian soldiers serving as part of the International Security Assistance Forces (ISAF) in Afghanistan. He said that eight years of experience and work in the field with Afghan people was a good foundation for economic cooperation. The permit for opening the Chamber's premises was issued by the vice-president of the Afghanistan Chamber of Commerce and Industries Kahn Jan Alokazai. "I first have to thank Croatians for sending their sons to ensure the safety of our country. Today we are starting a new page of cooperation in the area of economics. We will encourage investors from Afghanistan to come to Croatia, and we assure you that Afghani businessmen are honest and trusting people," he said. Eleven Croatian firms were present at the Croatian-Afghanistan economic forum that took place after the opening ceremony. Croatia is one of only seven countries with a license to participate in all public competitions. So far only the United States, Canada, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Russia and India had been able to do so. Stanko Dunatov, the director of the Chamber's Afghanistan offices, said that Afghanistan is a country open to foreign companies and in need of all sorts of merchandise: food, clothing, medicine, equipment, which increases the opportunities for cooperation. There are also numerous infrastructural projects, as well as certain projects financed by NATO and others by Afghanistan and the United States that are also of interest to Croatian firm.


