Angelina Jolie has been accused of creating ethnic tension after fresh details of her controversial new movie about a Bosnian woman raped by a Serbian soldier were published in Serbian media. She has already been banned from filming her new film in Bosnia-Herzegovina after authorities withdrew her permission to work in the country. The movie - about a Bosnian Muslim woman who falls for the Serbian soldier who rapes her during the bitter Balkan Wars - has outraged politicians and women's groups in the country. Now, with the latest revelations which claim that at the end of the movie Jolie is finally murdered by her Serbian tormentor, she has been accused of further stirring up ethnic tension in the region - this time by the Serbs. Bosnia's Federal Ministry of Culture announced the ban after the country's leading women's group "Women: War Victims" launched a formal protest. "With one film, Angelina Jolie is in danger of restarting the war all over again all by herself," said one official. The ban on filming in Zenica was later authorised and signed by Culture Minister Gavrilo Grahovac. "We will only give them a permit to film if we can see the script and it shows us the story is not one that insults Bosnian women, victims of war," Minister Grahovac said. Most of the controversial film - being directed by Jolie - is now being filmed in nearby Hungary. The plot has also infuriated the hundreds of thousands of women who suffered in the Bosnian war. Victim Bakira Hasecic told local media: "We have demanded from the authorities in Bosnia-Herzegovina to know just who has authorised a permit for Angelina Jolie to film at locations in our country. She added: "I can't bear to see again scenes of rape in front of my eyes. The scene of my experience and of the rape of numerous Bosnian woman - that is our pain and not some kind of movie romance." Authorities are terrified that the movie will reignite decades old grievances and conflicts after Serbian tabloid Kurir had the front page headline: "Angelina Jolie portrays Serbs as evil." The paper claims that the film's script has been changed and instead of the love story between an ethnic Serb soldier and a Bosnian Muslim woman he raped, the Serb at the end kills the Bosnian woman. However, Rade Serbedzija, a Croatian-born actor that takes part in the movie, insisted that, despite the various leaks about what the film was about, there had been no change in the plot. He refused to give more details claiming his contract had banned him from talking about the content.


