Incest monster Josef Fritzl is begging his family for cash behind bars so he can afford special shampoo for his hair transplants. Vain Fritzl, 74 - serving life for rape, incest, false imprisonment and the murder of a baby he had with his daughter Elisabeth - complains that he can't afford the posh conditioner on his prison wages. His sister-in-law Christine Ramsauer said: "He writes letters to his eldest daughter Ulrike all the time saying 'I need 4,000 GBP for this ' or 'I want to study law '. "No-one ever answers him." Frizl turned the basement of his family home in Amstetten, Austria, into a dungeon where he imprisoned Elisabeth for 24 years and fathered seven children by her. "Now he complains that he cannot even afford a can of coke let alone the special shampoos and potions he needs for his hair plugs," explains Ramsauer, 58, in an interview with German newspaper Bild. Fritzl - who has lost three stone in weight - lives in virtual isolation at Stein Prison in Krems, Austria, with no visitors and leaves his solo cell for just 30 minutes a day to walk in the yard. "Josef still dreams of a future with his wife. But she doesn't want anything to do with him. She doesn't love him anymore. Rosemarie even changed her surname," said Ramsauer. Rosemarie Fritzl, 66, now tries to supplement her state pension painting flowers and making handbags after her husband's property empire was sold to pay millions of pounds of debts. "My sister was only allowed to take a few clothes with her from the home. Everything else stayed to be auctioned by the liquidators. She has just enough money to visit Elisabeth and her children once a week," said Ramsauer. But while Fritzl struggles to cope with his prison wages behind bars, victim Elisabeth is discovering the joys of shopping after decades in isolation, says her aunt. "Elisabeth loves shopping - something she wasn't able to do while locked up in the cellar. "She loves jeans with rhinestones and she recently passed her driving test on the first attempt and is currently considering buying a car. All her children do well in school." Elisabeth and her six children have just received a fortune in backdated child benefits for her years in the cellar. "They received 52,000 GBP in child benefits for the time and the youngest boy got a Playstation. It's a whole new world for the lad," said Ramsauer.


