Giant mutant mosquitoes have hospitalised 300 victims in Nis, Serbia, in a series of attacks, say hospital staff. The beasts are so powerful they can chomp through clothes and only strong anti-biotics can cure their bites, the victims claim. The attacks are so severe that one farmer even claimed he had lost three cows who had been completely drained dry by the beasts after being left on the pasture near to marshland. And experts warn that the extremely wet start to the summer means that Europe now needs to brace itself for a mosquito plague this summer. Insect expert at the Regional Environment Ministry in Potsdam, Germany, Gunther Hummer said humid conditions after heavy rains provided the perfect breeding opportunities for the bloodsucking insects. He said: "We are only now starting to see the beginnings but within a few weeks they will be flying over Europe in the billions." He added gardeners had also unwittingly given the mossies a place to hide: "The tens of thousands of barrels used to collect rainwater for plants are perfect for the mosquitoes to lay their eggs in." "The female mosquito lays in exactly the sort of conditions we have now and in two to six days the larva hatch out." On the outskirts of Vienna signs have been erected warning of the danger of mosquitoes. Similar signs declaring paths "no go" areas because of the volume of mosquitoes can be found in other parts of Austria. The village of Marchegg on the Czech border fore example has signs have been put up declaring paths "no go" areas because of the volume of mosquitoes. In these areas it is only possible to enter if properly covered in thick material. Viennese expert on zoology and water breeding insects, Bernhart Seidl, said the mosquitoes were of a new type that could live in the area because of increasingly warmer temperatures in central Europe. He said that they were not only larger, faster developing and more aggressive, but "were able to survive late into the autumn with greater numbers surviving through winter."


