By Kathryn Quinn There has never been a better time to explore Croatia than the present. The spectacular country has made a comeback as a top tourist destination in recent years. The country is rich in history and culture as well as being blessed with stunning scenery and a land full of surprises. A real gem is the Dalmatian Coast, the perfect place to relax in the warm Croatian sun and splash around in the Adriatic Sea whilst taking in the beautiful surroundings. Travellers will not only be delighted with the crystal-clear water but also with the untouched beaches that are far from overrun like many of those in Italy, Greece or Spain. How do you fancy combining this spectacular location with top quality Austrian accommodation at a top quality resort? If you are travelling with your family a great place to stay is the Falkensteiner Diadora Family Hotel in Punta Skala near to the coastal town Zadar. The state of the art Four-star hotel caters specifically to couples with children and lets the parents relax in the sun while the little ones are taken care of. The large hotel resort offers several pools both indoors and outdoors, allowing swimming even in the rare case of bad weather. In addition, there is a large water slide three stories high. There are Jacuzzi baths and even a kids' fun pool. For adults wanting some time alone there is an adults-only spa offering a wide range of treatments as well as a relaxation area with sauna, steam bath, plunge pool and gym. For those preferring the real thing - crystal clear salt water - the beach is less than a one minute stroll away. The Falkensteiner Diadora offers both little boats and jet skis for rent as well as Scuba diving courses. Nets close off certain parts of the sea, ensuring that children can swim safely. There are plenty of relaxation zones exclusively for Falkensteiner guests. Naturally, there is a cosy beach bar as well as a place for barbecuing. This brings up the question of food, which is highly commendable for everyone's taste. The kitchen offers every day different main courses that will appeal both to children and adults - ranging from local Dalmatian sea food specialties to your good ol' pizza. The always attentive staff - fluent in both English and German - will happily help you to chose the best wine for your meal. Let it be noted that Croatia offers a vast selection of very fine wines that are hardly known outside the country but hold up the comparison to any of your favourites. If you have enough of idling in the sun - assuming that is actually possible - there are not only boat cruises on offer but also trips to the nearby city of Zadar. A lovely old town by the sea with narrow streets let you soak up the proper Mediterranean flair. Apart from many nice taverns make sure to check out restaurant Fosa by the city wall which has a terrace right out on the water and offers fantastically fresh sea food and wonderful wine. Try the Posip Intrada and you will enjoy a perfect location for a romantic evening out - obviously, if you can leave the kids somewhere else, that is. They will be more interested in spending time at the Falkensteiner Diadora hotel though - a large water play area and a recreation room filled with pool tables, pinball machines and video games offer entertainment for children of all ages. The hotel offers a full animation programme day and night with fully qualified staff. There is top quality entertainment on offer and for those who just want to relax there are romantic bars where you can drink cocktails and watch the sun set over the beautiful Adriatic coast. All in all the Falkensteiner Diadora Hotel offers a great holiday for the whole family and should be on your mind when planning a holiday in Croatia. The hotel is about 20 minutes from Zadar airport which is served by many major airlines alternatively it is a 680 KM drive from Vienna, 450 KM drive from Graz. The hotel has many special offers this summer from family deals to spa wellness packages. For more information check http://www.falkensteiner.com/de/hotel/diadora/angebote.htm For more information call +385 23 206 624 or email diadora@falkensteiner.com The Falkensteiner chain offers top quality hotels in Croatia, Italy, Austria, South Tirol, Slovakia, and the Czech Republic. For more information on their wider variety of hotels form beach resorts, spa and wellness resorts, golf resorts and city hotels check http://www.falkensteiner.com/de/


