Almost two thirds of Croatia's women between 18 and 30 have tried anal sex, while 62 per cent of them continued with the practice after the first - often-painful - experience. The head of the Department of Sexology of the Zagreb Faculty of Philosophy Aleksandar Stulhofer and the psychologist Dea Ajdukovic conducted research over the internet on a sample of 2,002 women. Its aim was to get a better understanding of whether the pain during anal intercourse amongst heterosexual women is a new sexual disorder or can be attributed to inexperience. "Considering that the research was focusing on anal eroticism, I assume that above average number of women with those experiences participated. But the popularity of anal sex amongst heterosexual couples in the last year is growing everywhere in the world, which can be attributed to the widespread availability of pornography," says Stulhofer. Namely that porn movies show anal sex as part of a standard sexual repertoire. The research shows however that couples are rarely well informed and this can contribute to pain during anal intercourse. For example, 52 per cent of those questioned said that they did not use lubricant during their first experience. Half of the women had to stop the anal intercourse because of severe pain, and 20 per cent continued despite it. Some 62 per cent continued practising after the first time. Out of women who have had anal intercourse at least twice last year, only 3.6 per cent says that the experience was never painful, and for a third of them the pain was the same during the last as well as the first time. Despite that, 65 per cent say they enjoy it. "There are few assumptions why a number of women continues with the practice of anal sex despite the pain. Some do it in order to fulfil their partners' expectations. A part of them wants to confirm the image of a modern, successful, sexy woman who does not admit to any taboos and does not say "no" to anything, even if she has to suffer. And there is a possibility that some women eroticize pain and that pain increases their pleasure," says Stulhofer.


