Swimmer Dinko Jukic is rumoured to run for the conservative People's Party ( VP) in this autumn's Vienna election. Viennese newspapers claim today (Thurs) that the  VP's Vienna branch hoped the 21-year-old could give it a more modern image. Jukic is tipped to run in the district of Meidling.  VP Vienna boss Christine Marek could consider a running of the Dubrovnik-born swimmer a chance to win the support of the city's Croatian community. Research has shown that the Social Democratis (SP ) are very popular among Turks living in the Austrian capital, while most Polish residents of Vienna support the  VP, Austrian Times has reported The right-wing Freedom Party (FP ) can be sure of strong support by second- and third-generation immigrants from Serbia, while the Greens have supporters among all minorities. Jukic is Austria's most successful active swimmer behind two-time Olympic silver winner Markus Rogan. He won an overall four medals at European Championship events and bronze at the World Championships in 2008. His sister Mirna has supported the SP  in the past. The party of Mayor Michael H upl rules with an absolute majority after winning 49.1 per cent in the 2005 city vote. The  VP came second with 18.8 per cent, ahead of the FP  (14.8 per cent) and the Greens (14.6 per cent). Most analysts expect losses of the Social Democrats and strong gains of Heinz-Christian Strache's FP . They also warned the concepts of the  VP and the Greens might go unheard in the upcoming election campaign as everyone focuses on the duel between H upl and Strache. Referring to Strache's aggressive slogans, the mayor said recently he feared the campaign is set to become the "dirtiest this city has ever seen". H upl - who became mayor in 1994 - was criticised by colleagues and rivals for branding Strache a "loser". City councillors Christian Oxonitsch, Michael Ludwig and Sonja Wehsely are tipped to succeed him as mayor if the Social Democrats suffer significant losses in elections expected to take place in October.


