Romania's Labour Minister Mihai Seitan has welcomed the fact that 2 out of 3 of the country's medics want to leave saying it will earn the country money and insure they are well trained by foreign health services. The recent decision to slash pay for medics including doctors and nurses along with other civil servants by 25 per cent from this month has meant that one in three doctors and nurses in Romania is trying to leave the country. Another one in three would follow them if they could work out something suitable that would allow their families to go with them. But in an astonishing claim Minister Seitan expressed no concern over the fact that the exodus would leave Romanians without enough staff for medical care and instead said it was great news for the country as they would earn money and gain valuable training - all of which would then be brought back to Romania eventually. He was speaking at a meeting for the Association of Romanians Working Abroad and said he was not against the exodus: "Anyone can go and work abroad. The free movement of the labor force is now a basic right. He said he believed all the medics would come home eventually and added: "All those who leave to work in a better system have two advantages: They get more money and they are happier compared to what they earned here, and secondly all or if not then most of them will return home better trained and more experienced. "They will also bring the money - and this this is good for the country too." A poll published last Friday by the Centre for Social Research made in six counties in eastern Romania showed 30.4 per cent of respondents who intend to leave were attracted by the high salaries in the West, while 34.8 per cent were unhappy with their current earnings and have rising debts. Most (67.2 per cent) are also disillusioned with the quality of medical services in Romania, in part because so many of the talented medical staff have already left for better paid jobs abroad. Most of the employees in the medical system who want to leave to work abroad are aged from 30 to 39 and have over 10 years experience in the field. Fifty two per cent said they worked in "dangerous" work conditions in Romania and 57 per cent said they often needed to use their own cash to buy vital medical equipment to allow them to do their work.


