Two British skiers suffered serious head injuries during a high speed crash on the slopes. One - identified as Jonathan Sisson, 58, from Norwich - is in intensive care with serious head and chest injuries at Zell am See clinic, Austria. Hospital staff today (thursday) described his condition as "unresponsive." Doctors said that many of his ribs had been broken and that as a result his lungs had collapsed. His shoulder and collar bone are also broken and he has suffered head injuries, they added. Medics are keeping him sedated as his injuries would be too painful to bear if he were conscious. His wife and other members of the family are expected to arrive in Austria later today (thursday). The second skier - 61-year-old John Reynolds from Sussex on a family holiday with his sons - had an emergency operation for a broken nose, a shattered cheek bone and other head injuries. Medics have kept him in hospital for observation over fears that he may have blood clots around his eyes. A spokesman for Salzburg hospital said he is likely to be released tomorrow (friday). Today Mr Reynolds explained: "I was just about to turn left to go back down to the bubble after the steep part of the slope and somebody crashed straight into me from behind. "I bruised my chest and fractured my skull in several places. He was a very big fellow and he hit me pretty hard, he wiped me out on the slope and that's all I really remember although I was conscious all the time. "My face started to swell." He added: "I've been skiing for 20 years, I'm a very competent but not a fast skier, I'm 62 years and I had been taking some turns with my friend who is a slower skier." Now he's called for all skiers to wear helmets, "I think I will wear a helmet in the future. Everybody should these days. In the old days you didn't need to but the young boarders go very fast. "Everybody seems to want to be very quick rather than to take in the scenery and enjoy," said Mr Reynolds, a sales manager for photocopying firm Rioch. "I'm hoping they will let me go tomorrow. I will then fly back home Saturday morning," he added. Authorities say the pair - who were not wearing helmets at the time - collided on Tuesday at the Saalbach-Hinterglemm ski resort in Austria. Police say both the men - who did not know each other - were sober at the time of the accident which happened in good weather conditions on a flat section of the piste.


