British entrepreneur Andy Jamshidzadeh got a little more than he bargained for on a recent business trip to Croatia when border guards held him for hours because they thought he was an Islamist. Tehran-born owner of the textile firm DG (UK) Textiles was travelling to Croatia from Slovenia in order to discuss a 1.23 million Euro deal with Vis Konfekcija d.d. from Varazdin when the agents detained him for questioning, calling in the Counter-Intelligence services. According to the director of the development at Vis Ranko Vlahek, Jamshidzadeh was released only after he threatened to sue them and call the British embassy. The border agents said they acted according to the procedure that requires that they call in the counter-intelligence agents if whey suspect encountering an islamist. Vlahek said: "Of course they did not even apologise. The man is in shock, he has a British citizenship, he has lived in Great Britain for more than 30 years and travels on a daily basis through the European Union. He arrived to Croatia from Slovenia and nowhere else did he have a problem but here." In a telephone interview with Business portal, Jamshidzadeh confirmed that he has been doing business with Croatian firms for 30 years now and that he had no problems when he visited last year. "I am really disappointed with what happened at the border. They totally ignored me. They kept repeating that is the procedure, but they refused to tell me why I was being kept. My passport has a chip and they could check everything about me: who my parents are, wife, kids, even what size shoes I wear. They simply did not want to listen to me. "They wasted my time and I did not manage to do the work which I had come to do," he said. He will not give up on doing business in Croatia, he said and will come again - only this time with a direct flight from London to Zagreb. The Vis officials are embittered by what had happened and will send a protest letter to the Ministery of the Economy. "There is no use talking about exports when a foreign entrepreneur cannot even come and see the company with which he wants to work. We spent three days in London presenting our firm, and now we ask ourselves what was the use because the chance of getting that job is now prolonged for another six months for certain, or in the worst case scenario, it is completely lost," said Vlahek. Jamshidzadeh is interested in a range of assortments from the cotton industry Duga Resa currently under bankruptcy and which the Varazdin' Vis bought two months ago for 4.2 million Euros. The British entrepreneur had been buying from Duga Resa tablecloths, napkins and other products used in hotels in restaurants in the nineties. Duga Resa was a supplier of such products to five British companies, says Vlahos, as Vis decided to try to get back the old customers from the UK.  That is not simple, he says, as they have found other suppliers in the meantime. For example, the company of Jamshidzadeh works with a Slovenian company, but he was persuaded by Vis to return to his previous Croatian suppliers. He was ready to buy about two to three million 274 to 411 million Euros worth of goods for starts," Vlahek said.


