By David Rogers Austrian Social Democratic (SP ) MEP Hannes Swoboda today (Thurs) called for "clarification" of corruption allegations against former Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader over links to the controversially-nationalised Carinthian bank Hypo Group Alpe-Adria (HGAA). Sanader, former Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) honorary president, was expelled from his party on Monday after announcing his return to politics on Sunday and claiming his resignation as prime minister last June had been linked to Carinthian bank Hypo Group Alpe-Adria (HGAA). The bank was nationalised last month to keep it from going bankrupt. There has been speculation that Sanader received pay-offs from Hypo for his role in its operations in Croatia. Swoboda told the newspaper WirtschaftsBlatt: "Clarification is important for Croatia. Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor is handling the issue bravely." Meanwhile, Bavarian Christian Social Union (CSU) Minister President Horst Seehofer has refused to rule out seeking damages from the Carinthian government over Hypo. Bayerische Landesbank (BayernLB) in Munich acquired a majority interest in Hypo in 2007, but suffred huge losses from subsequent credit extensions. Seehofer said the Bavarian government and an investigative committee of the provincial parliament would examine the sale of Hypo to BayernLB and draw "appropriate conclusions" after the end of their work. But Carinthian officials have rejected calls to pay damages to Bavaria. Carinthian Die Freiheitlichen in K rnten (FPK) Governor Gerhard D rfler said no such move would be possible and claimed "turbulence" in Bavarian politics was behind Bavarian politicians' calls for damages. D rfler added that both Bavaria and BayernLB had been "intoxicated" by the prospect of buying Hypo in 2007. He said BayernLB had done due diligence before the purchase, even if it now claimed the contrary. "We can justifiably say we did a good job in selling Hypo," he added. Carinthian People's Party ( VP) leader Josef Martinz, who chaired the supervisory board of provincial holding company K rntner Landesholding that owned a minority interest in Hypo in 2007, agreed the sale had been a success. "Carinthia cannot be Bavaria's watchdog," he said, adding that it had been BayernLB that had made an offer for Hypo.


