Illegal immigrants from India managed to fiddle Labour's disastrous points-based immigration system by buying fake bank statements indicating that they had tens of thousands of pounds in savings. The news comes after police in India's northern Punjab state said they had busted a gang providing forged bank statements following a complaint from the British High Commission in India that too many student visa applicants from the state were submitting documents from one particular bank. Four people, including a manager of the state-owned Canara Bank, acted as agents between the illegal immigrants and those supplying forged bank statements, have been arrested in Hoshiarpur town in the Punjab, police said. Detectives said the gang swindled huge amounts from applicants who would claim they wanted to study in Britain, but did not have enough funds and needed bank statements to show that they were financially sound. Police said each student used to be charged around 1,300 GBP (2,000 US dollars) for a fake statement. The bank manager, Rajiv Ranjan, is currently on the run, police said. The three people arrested are the alleged mastermind Arun Kumar and his accomplices Satish Kumar and Jasbir Singh. Police officials said they had found forged documents, stamps and letterheads used by the bank. Those arrested have admitted that they had supplied forged bank statements to "over 100 applicants". But police believe the actual number is much higher, and say they are targeting a number of operations in the region where there is rampant forging of documents. They say that there was a massive demand from applicants to obtain documents showing that they had enough funds in bank accounts to support themselves while visiting the UK, and to prove that they would not need to try and work illegally. The Doaba belt in Punjab, the land between rivers Sutlej and Beas comprising Hoshiarpur, Jalandhar, Kapurthala and Nawanshahr districts, is known as the 'NRI belt' ( Non-Resident Indian) because of the large number of people who have migrated to other countries, especially Britain, United States, Canada and countries in Europe, in the last century.


