A Milan prosecutor has requested the indictment of AC Milan and Italy legend Paolo Maldini on charges of bribing a tax official to gain access to internal revenue computers. Prosecutor Paola Pirotta says Maldini, 42, paid a Milan tax official to avoid inspections on a real estate company he was setting up with his wife, Italo-Venezuelan ex-model Adriana Fossa. According to judicial papers, Maldini paid internal revenue official and accountant Luciano Bressi regular annual fees of 40,000 euros for his services as well as a "special" off-the-books consultancy from the new company, Velvet SaS, amounting to "at least 185,000 euros." Prosecutor Pirotta asked to shelve the case against Maldini's wife. Some 40 others were originally probed in connection with Bressi's activities at the revenue office but it is unclear how many may face indictment. Bressi was detained in the probe in June 2009. Police released wiretaps at the time in which Maldini appears to be asking Bressi to run a tax check on a potential partner in the new real estate and construction company he was planning to set up with his wife in Tuscany. Maldini and Fossa have been married since 1994 and have two sons, both on Milan's youth books. Maldini played for Milan for 25 years, winning seven Series A titles and five European Cup/Champions League trophies. He played for Italy for 14 years before retiring in 2002 with a record 126 caps. Many Italian sports stars have been caught up in tax cases in the past. They include skier Alberto Tomba, MotoGP champion Valentino Rossi and rider Loris Capirossi and Argentina coach Diego Maradona, who owes around 36 million euros derived from unpaid taxes from his stint as a player at Napoli between 1984 and 1991. The latest athletes to fall foul of the taxman are two-time former world skiing champion Isolde Kostner and another high-profile Italian skier, Denise Karbon, both suspected of putting money into secret Swiss bank accounts. Ex-Renault Formula One boss Fabio Briatore recently had his luxury yacht impounded in a probe into dodging EU fuel duty. Italy has been stepping up its battle against tax evasion as part of its bid to reduce its budget deficit.


