Croatia was the third most-popular holiday destination for Austrians last year. Italy was the most popular foreign destination, with 21.3 per cent of Austrian holiday makers going there, followed by Germany at 13.4 per cent and Croatia at 10.9 per cent. The percentage of Austrians going to foreign destinations outside Europe and Turkey fell from 10.9 per cent in 2008 to 9.5 per cent in 2009, Austrian Times has reported. The number of holiday trips by Austrians soared last year, with 5.34 million over-15s making 17.2 million trips, according to Statistik Austria. The agency said today (Tues) that the figures meant that three quarters of Austrians had gone on trips last year. Thanks to a 15.4 per cent increase in short trips, the number of holidays taken by Austrians increased by 11.5 per cent compared to 2008. The agency added that the number of trips that lasted for four days or longer had risen by 8.4 per cent year on year in 2009. Slightly more than half, or 52.4 per cent, of all trips were made in Austria, with a 20 per cent increase in short ones. The average length of a holiday trip was 5.6 days last year. The reasons for making a trip abroad included culture, sight-seeing and city visits (29.4 per cent), beach vacations (21.1 per cent) and visits to relatives and friends (17.6 per cent). Recession may not have had much of an impact on holiday-making, but it did on business trips. The agency said their number had declined by 11.9 per cent year on year to 4.1 million last year. Germany was the top destination for business trips, with 39.6 per cent of Austrian businessmen going there. Meanwhile, the number of Austrians planning to go on holiday this year has increased, a new survey has shown. Peter Zellmann, head of Vienna's Institute for Leisure Time and Tourism Research (IFT), said last month that 40 per cent planned to take holidays, whether in Austria or abroad, this year. "This is a one per cent increase on early last year. But people are less pessimistic since the number of those unsure whether they will go on holiday has shrunk by six percentage points to 30 per cent," he said. He said many people would make rather spontaneous and short-term decisions on holidays, adding that weather conditions would also play a role throughout the year.


