Romanian prosecutors have charged 26 modern day Fagins that sent almost 200 children to the United Kingdom to beg and steal. The 26 from Tandarei in Ialomita county, southern Romania faced a mixture of charges from trafficking children through to money laundering, membership of an organised crime group and possession of illegal firearms. Court papers obtained by Central European News indicate that a total of 181 children were sent to the UK by the gang which travelled all over the country to collect children. Prosecutors have so far identified victims from six different counties, all in southern Romania (Ialomi a, Constan a, Vaslui, Br ila, Bra ov, C l ra i). Eighteen of the 26 indicted are in custody. Prosecutors from the Directorate for Investigating Organised Crime and Terrorism (DIICOT) said the 26 gypsies from Tandarei were specialized in organised crime activities -particularly with illegal migration with regards to smuggling children - preying on the weakest within their own society The gypsy victims were all taken from the poorest gypsy communities, with particular preference for children with physical handicaps, whom they illegally smuggled across the border to the UK. There the gang exploited the victims, by forcing them to beg or to pickpocket in the streets. The defendants arranged the transport and accommodation of the children, also obtained travel documents - usually fake - and necessary money to get them to the UK. Once in the UK, the defendants organised the children's activities and took all the money they made. Prosecutors say the victims were made to beg, to wash windscreens in junctions or to pickpocket or shoplift or to steal from restaurants, and they were always supervised by one gang member. Children were constantly under supervision, never being left alone, the papers reveal. All the money made by children - by begging, stealing - were taken by the gang members. The leaders of the group are Constantin Radu (called "Titi Aghiotantu"), Nicolae Schian (nicknamed "Poligrad"), Tase Dumitru (nicknamed "Chinezul" - "The "Chinese"), Mircea Niculae (so-called "Bocioc"), Gheorghe Ion Dragusin (called "Frant"). They are all originated from Tandarei. The trial will take place at the Court in Harghita after a joint investigation organised together with British authorities and coordinated by Eurojust. More than 300 officers searched 34 homes and properties in Romania in the co-ordinated dawn searches that resulted in the arrests. The heavily armed officers recovered AK-47 machine guns, high-powered hunting rifles and other guns and pistols capable of firing everything from gas bombs through to rubber bullets. They also seized luxury cars, jewels and "large sums of money" from the palatial properties along with documents authorising the gang members with permission from parents to look after the children - paperwork that was vital to get the children across the borders and into the United Kingdom. A police spokesman said: "The children were told their families would be at risk if they tried to flee, and families were told the children would be harmed if they made a complaint to authorities." Police are believed to have acted after investigating the massive amounts of money flowing into the gypsy community at Tandarei where massive palaces were being built. Norbert Ceipek, who is the head of the Augarten crisis centre in Vienna Austria that has worked with trafficked children since Romania joined Schengen, said: "Even the good thieves and pickpockets end up in prostitution past the age of 14, because they cease to be useful as they can then be arrested by police. They usually work as prostitutes up to 18, when they get married and have children of their own. Those children face the same fate and the circle goes on. "The children don't have any access to education and never get any real chance to fit into normal society. But most of the families, and even the children, do not feel they are being victimised. "What is happening to them is the only thing they've known. The whole system of values is turned upside down: a child is appreciated and loved if it earns money by stealing, whereas sending it to school or integrating it into society is seen as a waste of time and money." The traffickers switched to targeting the UK when Eastern European countries like Romania and Bulgaria joined the EU - but they had already established networks using children in Schengen countries including Germany, Italy and Austria. According to social workers who have rescued child victims in Austria, some Roma communities punish families which refuse to rent their child to traffickers. Sanctions can range from ostracism and fines to violence or even murder. Other parents believe the traffickers' fiction that their children will enjoy a better way of life in the West, and will even send money home. Romanian officials calculate that a typical pimp operating 15 girls can earn about 7,500 euro a day if their trade is prostitution; slightly less if they are pickpockets and thieves. It adds up to an annual income of 2.7 million euros. Many pimps operate in networks up to 50-strong, whose "group turnover" could total 135 million euros.


