Soccer legend Davor Suker will be the guest of honour at the 8th Annual Charity Golf Outing and Awards Dinner. The announcement was made by the Croatian American Charitable Foundation which confirmed he would be attending the event on Monday, May 17th in Long Island, New York. This is the second consecutive year that Mr Suker will be attending this event that benefits the Croatian Mine Action Centre, American Cancer Society, Cam Neely Foundation and Doctors Without Borders. In addition, Mr Suker will be hosting a special one-day only soccer clinic on Saturday, May 15th in Long Island. All proceeds from this event will go to benefit the Croatian American Charitable Foundation. "We are delighted to have Mr Suker joining us again and supporting the CACF,", said Val Blaskovic, Chairman of the Golf Outing and founding board member of the CACF. Mr Blaskovic added, "Our foundation helps many charities but pays particular attention to the removal of mines in Croatia. We are proud to help support this ongoing effort and will continue to do so until this problem is resolved." Mr Suker was recognized by FIFA as one of the 100 greatest soccer players in history and was named Croatia's "Golden Player" by UEFA in 2003. Towards the end of his playing career,  uker opened his own football school, the Davor  uker Soccer Academy, with training camps in the Croatian capital city of Zagreb as well as a couple of other cities. To date, he still puts time and effort into the youth academy which trains many young athletes with career aspirations. He also boasts a collection of rare special edition Harley Davidson motorcycles. In 2007 he established a micro brewery and a pub selling only his own brand of beer, simply called "Davor". The Croatian American Charitable Foundation ( www.croatiancharities.com ) is an accredited 501 C 3 organization that was formed by members of the Croatian American  Community in the New York City area to support organizations, groups, and individuals with financial support. The group is fully funded through the generous donations from individuals, companies and various fund raising events held each year. The foundation members are all volunteers and collectively solicit worthy causes to donate their financial support. The CACF has been proud to donate nearly $600,000 since its inception to various charities, including the American Cancer Society, Adopt-A-Minefield UNA-USA, Croatian Minefield Group, Cam Neely Foundation, Doctors Without Borders as well as many local charitable groups in the New York area.


