Croatia has already fulfilled the political criteria for European Union (EU) membership and has aligned much of its legislation with the EU acquis, the upcoming European Commission's (EC) report highlights. The document detailing Croatia's progress in its negotiations for EU accession will be published on November 9.  In a sneak peak at the report, the Croatian daily Jutarnji List found much to praise and much to criticise. The EC sees a lot of progress in almost all of the chapters, even those considered more problematic such as market competition and judiciary.  Further efforts, however, are needed in order for Croatia to fulfil the remaining requirements. The efforts must be strengthened particularly in the area of judiciary reforms, the fight against corruption and organized crime, rights of minorities and the return of refugees, the reports states. The Commission also sees limited progress in the area of administrative reforms, with better control of the public spending highlighted as one of the issues. The report acknowledges the country's efforts in the reforms of the judiciary, with a decrease in the number of unresolved litigations and an increase in the independance of the judiciary, which is strengthened by constitutional amendments. "However, the most important results have not yet been seen. Challenges remain, especially in the application of transparent criteria for the naming of judges and prosecutors, in further decrease of unsolved litigations, the duration of processes that are still too long and the execution of sentences," the report continues. It adds that some cases of war crimes against Serbs have not been adequately investigated. The report also acknowledges progress in the fight against corruption, but warns that there are certain areas that need more attention such as political party financing. And while the freedom of speech exists in the country, EC notes continued complaints of attempts at political influence which had been lodged by Croatia's journalists and editors, the daily writes.


