The start of the construction of a 17 million Euro project has been announced in Mandalina Marina&Yacht club on the outskirts of the southern Croatian town of Sibenik. Symbolically starting up the excavation machinery, the CEO of NCP Group Prgin Goran and his business partner, CEO of Turkish company Dogus Group Husnu Akhan, announced the start of the construction. "We are starting a year later than planned, but it is nothing strange considering that many projects in the world have failed completely as a result of the economic crisis. Essential is that we have begun construction with our outstanding partners from Turkey. The marina will be ready by next summer, and we expect that next year we will complete the construction plans for the five star hotel resort so that, as we promised, we will complete the overall project on time. According to announcements, the market is on the move and projects should start arriving into the NCP Repair Shipyard soon, we expect expansion in this sector, as well." - said Goran Prgin. The mega yacht marina will have a capacity of 79 berths for yachts up to 100 meters long and a large reception building with two restaurants in the style of a 'Captain's Club'. All of this will be an integral part of the future project which will see the completion of a five star hotel resort. This will ultimately provide hundreds of new job positions and an outstanding range of on-site conveniences for luxury yacht owners, their guests and crew members. Existing Mandalina Marina with 350 berths for yachts up to 75 meters long and the new mega yacht marina are both located in very deep water, but also in a completely protected area. At the end of the pier the water depth is approximately 25 - 27 meters, so the only possible solution was to design the marina on floating pontoons. Concerning the investor's wish for the marina to look superb from every point of view, they have decided to use Marinetek concrete floating pontoons and equipment for all piers and breakwaters. They will be delivered by Marinetek NCP from Sibenik, Croatia. "Also, vicinity to the NCP Repair Shipyard specialized in servicing, maintenance and refit of yachts and mega yachts up to 75 meters in length is an additional and very important feature of the project" - said Mr. Prgin. When asked why he decided to invest in this project in Sibenik, and in the NCP Group, CEO of Dogus Group Husnu Akhan replied: "Dogus Group operates three marinas in Turkey, where we have also started to build another one. Of the total operations of the marinas in Turkey, Dogus Group's share is around 20% and therefore we decided to expand our investments abroad, as well. When we analysed all the neighbouring countries, we concluded that Croatia is a country with incredible potential. We have visited various ministries and agencies in Zagreb on a few occasions. When we visited Sibenik, in Middle Dalmatia, we decided that this picturesque city is an ideal location. We believe that the NCP Group is our natural partner, not only for this project, but also for future marina projects in Croatia".


