Zagreb is cheaper than many other big European city when it comes to renting an apartment, getting a cup of coffee or buying a daily newspaper, but it is significantly more pricey when compared to its regional neighbours, a Mercer study shows. Those are the conclusions of the American consulting company's study that publishes a list of 200 cities rated according to the cost of living. The research encompasses comparisons of 200 products and services, including housing, transportation, food, clothing, household goods and entertainment. New York City is taken as the basis for the index, and prices are converted to dollars. The research is used to help international companies and governments determine the cost of living of employees that might be sent to work abroad. According to the list, Zagreb is in 71st place, while nearby Ljubljana is 137th.  At the bottom of the scale are Skoplje (197), Sarajevo (196) and Tirana (200). Food and beverages are half the price of those registered in leading world cities, while they are around 30 per cent lower than in Warsaw and Prague.  The cost of renting an apartment is similar to that in the capitals of the Czech Republic and Poland, the Croatian daily Jutarnji List writes. When combining all of the products and services, Zagreb is an expensive city and its residents - with salaries often several times lower than those in other big European cities - buy products at similar prices as those in wealthier cities. The fact that the Croatian capital is more expensive than Sarajevo, Skoplje or Tirana is not a surprise, but it is unusual that its prices are higher than in Ljubljana. Danijel Nestic from the Economic Institute says that it is difficult to find a concrete answer to the question, but suggests the reason probably lies in a chain of expenses that "build up along the way." "Considering that Zagreb is much bigger, the pressure on the city infrastructure is also bigger. To that we have to add the tax burden, various utilities like water, electricity, rent for tourism and in the end, VAT," says Nestic. In Slovenia, the general VAT is 20 per cent compared to 23 per cent in Croatia. Zagreb and Ljubljana are not the only surprises on Mercer's list. Many suppose that the cities in developing countries are cheaper, says Mercer, but add that frequently that is not so. To ensure the same standard of living as they have at home, many employers must pay more to their employees in these countries, the study concludes.


