German sex swap pop sensation Kim Petras has designed a selection of T-shirts after she was asked to become the body ambassador for a new fashion label. Last weekend Kim was at the Berlin Fashion Week with top German designer Lennart Wronkovitz where she revealed she had been signed to be the face of his new collection when he held his show in Berlin. And now Kim, who has been interested in fashion since she was very young, has produced her own range of clothing that goes on sale today. It is her first commercial venture as a designer but before that Kim was even making her own dresses on a sewing machine in her bedroom in Cologne. Kim who was born a boy first made the headlines when she started having hormone replacement therapy at the age of 12 and is now living her dream as a pop princess and photo model. Kim - seen here wearing some of her own designs - has written, produced and sung all of her music and even choreographed her own video and is happy that media attention focuses even more on her music and other talents rather than on the fact she was born a boy. She said: "It's a part of me and I'll never change that but its great now that people can see beyond that to my music for example which is so important to me." And after being signed up to do photo modelling for the designer Lennart Wronkovitz and his Wronko label - she then had to dash off for a fashion shoot for her own clothes outside the Brandenburg gate in the German capital Berlin, which was followed up by a fashion shoot on the famous M.A.R.S. (Moderne Anstalt Rigoroser Spakker), a commune from the famous German artist Thomas D. Kim said: "I was always really fascinated by fashion and as more and more people started asking me about my style, I thought it would be a cool idea to actually give my fans something that I created myself. "I really often get compliments about my hair, so I thought it would be cool to take the silhouette of one of my photos and it came out really cool. "The other design is a really fun way of putting my name on the shirt, we put hair dryers and hearts in it. "But I think the coolest thing about the shirts is that we didn't just put logos on regular T-Shirts, the limited edition one is a really cool flowy shirt that you can pull down on your shoulder, and the tank top you can wear as a dress. For men there is a really cool V-neck shirt as well." Kim first started modelling when she was 15 working for one of Germany's leading hair salons - and moving on now to be signed up to promote the Wronko label. For her own online store (http://www.kimpetras-shop.de) that went live this weekend Kim has also designed headphones and a trademark hairdryer as well as the T-shirts. Kim's manager Esther Rieger said: "Kim has always been passionate about music and fashion, that's why she included the headphones and the hairdryer in the designs. "Like everything she does she was personally involved in this just like writing and singing her own music. She also deals personally with many of her fans and she wanted to make sure she could offer more to them." Kim recently launched her own youtube channel with her videos notching up more than one million viewers. She also has over one-and-a-half million visitors logged on her MySpace page and another million that have viewed her newly launched online TV channel on You Tube. Her latest video which she organised and cut herself was not only the most discussed, but also the best rated video this week - all achieved in between continuing with her schoolwork when not on holiday. She said: "I never seem to have enough time for schoolwork because there are so many projects on the side. But I'm not complaining - I love to be busy."


