Nazi chronicler David Irving has claimed Adolf Hitler knew nothing about the Holocaust - and suggested the Jews should blame themselves for their persecution in German death camps. The controversial historian told a private lecture of fans on a 1,500 GBP-a-head tour of Nazi concentration camps in Poland that the Holocaust was just one of many attempts to wipe out the Jewish race. "If I was one of them lying in a pit waiting for the SS to bash my skull in, I would perhaps be asking myself 'Why me?' Why are my people wherever they are the cause of so much hatred?'," Irving told his audience, reports Poland's Rzeczpospolita newspaper. "But Jews have been persecuted everywhere. The Holy Inquisition, pogroms, and finally the Holocaust. "Perhaps this is the result of something the Jews themselves have done or not done? Yes, I know it's an anti-Semitic question," he added at the private lecture in Warsaw's Marriot hotel, secretly filmed by an undercover journalist. His comments will infuriate war survivors and Jewish groups who have called for the tour of Nazi sites in German occupied Poland to be banned. Polish secret service agents were understood to be studying recordings of his speech to look for any breaches of the country's anti-Nazi laws today (Weds). Irving - once jailed in Austria for denying the Holocaust - went on to claim that Hitler knew almost nothing of the murder of six million Jews. "In my opinion he didn't know much," Irving told his audience. "The F hrer was convinced that the Jewish Question should be solved through mass expulsions. The proof of this is that he wrote the Nazi party had treated the Jews more humanely than the allies treated German citizens during their carpet bombing of Germany," he added. Irving claimed that Hitler had been duped by SS boss Heinrich Himmler. "I don't want to present Hilter as an innocent. He was an immoral man of cruelty - but it was Himmler who carried out the dirty work. He used to prepare two versions of documents concerning the Holocaust. One censored for Hitler, the other the true activities of the SS," he claimed. He went on to claim that Himmler had not committed suicide at the end of the war and had been murdered on Winston Churchill's orders. "The greatest German criminal was lynched by Allied officers, possibly under the orders of Churchill," he said. And Irving attacked journalists for writing "lies" about his views. "Journalists do not listen to what I really say and write lies because they are guided by a pack instinct. How can anyone be so stupid to deny the Holocaust didn't happen? It is an historical fact and a terrible crime," he told his audience.


