Attracting foreign investment is a key component of the government's economic policies, Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor said at the opening of the European Bank for Reconstruction (EBRD) meeting in Zagreb yesterday (Thu). She announced that the government would remove certain administrative obstacles for potential investors and include other measures to stimulate the economy. EBRD's president Thomas Mirow said that the Bank remains "firmly with Croatia." Since 1994 it has invested 2 billion Euros in the country. According to a newly adopted strategy for Croatia, the bank will continue to invest with a focus in tourism, agrobusiness, energy efficiency, infrastructure and projects aimed at increasing company competitiveness. "The goal is to help Croatia with its preparations for EU entry," Mirow said. In a conversation with the PM, Mirow said he supported the government's "very comprehensive" economic recovery plan. He considered its implementation possible with everyone's support. As main challenges Mirow singled out the improvement of the business environment and dealing with corruption. The financial elites that gathered at yesterday's meeting were presented with a catalogue of investment projects in Croatia. EBRD's continued support for Eastern Europe, a region that has suffered in the global economis crisis, was one of the key topics of the discussion.  After it had increased investments in the region by more than 50 percent to 7.9 billion Euros, in the next few days the Bank will make the decision regarding the increase in capital by 50 percent to 30 billion Euros. The investments will be aimed at stimulating growth, with the goal of solving problems present even before the crisis, such as the imbalance between foreign and domestic financing, certain country's high dependence on raw materials, the limited number of products and need for greater focus on energy efficiency. EBRD will especially encourage development of small and middle-sized companies, the Croatian daily Jutarnji List writes.


