Croatian citizen Snjezana Pelivan, whose lawsuit charging the Czech Republic with tolerance to national discrimination, is in the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, considering making a formal appeal also to Geneva-based United Nations Human Rights Council. Funded by American Congress and supervised by U.S. Federal agency Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG), Radio Free Europe/ Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) was transferred to Prague from Munich in 1995. U.S. Secretary of State, presently Hillary Clinton, serves as ex officio both on BBG and RFE/RL Board of Directors. RFE/RL broadcasts in 28 languages to 21 countries of the former Yugoslavia and Soviet Union, to Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan and Pakistan. It employs hundreds of foreign journalists and media specialists in Prague. Unlike Czech citizens protected by Czech labour laws, foreigners employed by RFE/RL are subject to arbitrary terminations. In such a way, Pelivan's employment with RFE/RL was terminated -- after several years of impeccable service with invariably "very good" or "excellent" yearly performance assessments, a non-governmental organization ICCEE has informed Croatian Times. Czech courts, including the Supreme and Constitutional courts, accepted the right of American RFE/RL to provide its foreign employees on Czech territory with lower labour protection than is mandatory for Czech citizens covered by Czech laws. However, on June 15, 2010, after Snjezana Pelivan had submitted her anti-discrimination claim against the Czech Republic to the European Court of Human Rights, the very same three judge panel of the Czech Supreme court that considered Pelivan's case vs. RFE/RL on December 8, 2008, came to a directly opposite conclusion in the case of Armenian citizen Anna Karapetian. This time, the Supreme court decreed that arbitrary terminations of RFE/RL foreign employees should not be accepted by Czech courts without scrutiny. All previous decisions against Karapetian by lower courts were cancelled. Her case was sent for new consideration from the very beginning. Radical turnabout of the Czech Supreme court was preceded by two hearings in the Czech parliament and by an internationally published letter by Czech senator Jaromir Stetina to American senators. Senator Stetina, deputy chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, Defense and Security and member of the Senate Commission on International Support for Democracy, called RFE/RL labor policies and actions in the Czech Republic "patently indecent, unfair, cynical and hypocritical". In the Czech courts RFE/RL, which traditionally combated communist lies, refers to regulations dating back to the Communist era (some are still on the book in the Czech Republic), which allowed foreign companies to use foreign labour laws if they did not contradict the fundamentals of the "Czechoslovak Socialist Republic" - in particular, to the Communist law of 1963 intended to allow Soviet enterprises to use Soviet labour regulations in subjugated Czechoslovakia. "What hypocrisy!" writes Anna Karapetian in her letter to Barack Obama published recently by the American Internet portal Free Media Online http://freemediaonline.org/freemediaonlineblog/2010/10/01/armenian-journalist-appeals-to-obama-to-protect-rights-of-foreign-journalists-at-u-s-government-funded-radio-free-europeradio-liberty/ : "A scandalous result of those legal tricks and gimmicks is that another former RFE/RL employee, Croatian citizen Snjezana Pelivan, brought the case against Czech Republic (the RFE/RL host country) in the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg -- the first such case in the long history of RFE/RL. She is also considering a formal application to the United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva where, Cuba holds the chair of Vice President and where a great number of its 47 members (Libya, China, Russia, etc) is regularly criticized by the United States for human rights violations," writes Armenian journalist. The UN General Assembly Resolution 60/251 on the establishment of the Human Rights Council requires Member States to "Uphold the highest standards in the promotion and protection of human rights". The Czech RepublicS' oldest newspaper Lidove noviny commenting the court cases of Snjezana Pelivan and Anna Karapetian, said: "Prague headquarters of RFE/RL, pretends to be a messenger of freedom, democracy and the rule of law, yet as an employer it is behaving as if the principles it heralds are relevant "just" for the whole planet but not for what is going on inside that estimable organisation itself. Employees are divided in three castes. That situation, as it seems, is brutally abused by the management of the radio station. With foreign employees in the lowest caste, the propagators of democracy act as a colonial power over powerless aborigines." RFE/RL Mission Statement stipulates:  " RFE/RL mission is to promote democratic values and institutions. RFE/RL strengthens civil societies by projecting democratic values. RFE/RL provides a model for local media."


