April brought a 3.1 percent fall in unemployment, the first such statistics since July 2009, inspiring optimism about the country's recovery within the Croatian government. Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor said that in addition to the positive statistics regarding unemployment, the domestic industry is showing slight indicators of revival. But even if foreign demand recovers, domestic demand remains one of Croatia's weakest links as salaries continue to fall and the continuing credit crunch prevents buyers from supplementing income with loans. The Economic Institute's dire prediction of another 50,000 job losses by the end of the year does not add to the optimism, nor do the expectations of Croatia' economists that GDP will fall by up to two percent. Some international institutions like the World Bank and the IMF are slightly more optimistic and include Croatia on their list of countries where slight growth is expected. All agree, however, that growth depends on exports and the speed of  the EU's - Croatia's main trading partner - recovery.  The EU's recovery is also important for tourism, which brings in six to seven billion Euros in revenue annually. A more significant recovery is not expected until 2011 when Croatia's GDP is expected to grow by two to three percent.  Even then, interests on foreign loans amount to approximately three percent of Croatia's GDP, the Croatian daily Vecernji List writes. The Governor of Croatian National Bank Zeljko Rohatinski has urged the government to speed up economic reforms. The government introduced its economic recovery plan two weeks ago. The programme consists of more than 60 measures affecting the economy, science, public administration and local government. Some are short-term measures designed to take effect by the end of the year, while others will be implemented over the course of the next decade. Kosor has said the government is ready to take painful and unpopular steps in order to achieve full recovery, with ministers taking on the responsibility for the plan's implementation.


