For his anniversary appeal this year Austrian Hannes Urban is raising money for James Fidelis Mshanga - he might look like a happy and healthy boy of nine - but he  suffers from a growth condition which leaves him in severe pain. James Fidelis Mshanga lives in the shadow of the mighty Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania and suffers from a growth condition. On good days he walks with a limp, on bad days he cannot walk at all, and he has never even set foot on the mountain that dominates the local skyline - although his friends often play there.   Instead he is cared for at home by his elderly grandmother, as his mother suffers from mental problems and cannot cope with looking after him.   The supportive family noticed abnormalities with James as he grew, and managed to get enough money together to take him to a hospital.   The doctors diagnosed Perthes syndrome - a degenerative disease of the hip joint -  and wanted to operate. However the procedure could not be carried out as it was too expensive for the family.   All the doctors could do was prescribe bed rest. This will not do the trick for James, who longs to be able to run around and play like the other kids his age.   Mary-June, a relative of James who lived in Austria for over 20 years, recently got in touch with Hannes Urban from Journalism Without Borders to make an appeal on behalf of her nephew.  Urban got in touch with a paediatrician in Lienz, East Tyrol, passing on photographs of James and the Tanzanian doctors' notes.   Dr. Franz Kr sslhuber examined the information, and seeing the disproportionate way in which James is growing - his legs are not as long as they should be -  confirmed that he must be suffering from a growth disorder, although is sceptical that Perthes syndrome is the cause, commenting that this usually occurs in younger children. Kr sslhuber and his Austrian colleagues need more information, gathered from x-rays and examinations, to properly diagnose and treat James' condition.   Some 5,000 Euros would be required to fly James and Mary-June over to Austria for a few weeks, where he could receive the medical attention he so desperately needs.   With a little generosity and some expert care, James' quality of life could improve enormously, and with a little assistance he might one day achieve his dream - to be able to climb the majestic mountain of Kilimanjaro which dominates his home-landscape. To make a donation click here.


