Fewer than one out of five Austrians want Turkey to join the European Union, new research has shown. A poll presented by the Austrian Society for European Politics ( GfE) today (Mon) shows that 17 per cent of Austrians would welcome the accession of Turkey, while the vast majority of 69 per cent were found being against such a development. Turkish leaders have held talks with representatives of the European Union (EU) about becoming its 28th member for years. Austrian People's Party ( VP) Foreign Minister Michael Spindelegger said on a recent visit to the country he "appreciated" that Turkey and the EU have been holding negotiations about the country's possible accession - but stressed these talks were "open-ended". Spindelegger, who has spoken out in favour of faster moving accession talks between Serbia and the EU, added Austria may hold a referendum on a possible joining of Turkey. Many political decision-makers across Europe have shown growing hesitation on speaking out in favour of Turkey joining the EU, while the number of those backing a so-called privileged partnership is rising. The  GfE survey shows that especially elderly Austrians oppose a possible accession of Turkey. The poll also reveals that 68 per cent of Austrians speak out in favour of Croatia becoming a member of the EU which Austria joined in 1995. With 18 per cent, fewer than one in five Austrians are against Croatia's accession, Austrian Times has reported. The research further found that more than six in 10 Austrians (62 per cent) would welcome Iceland in the EU, while only 39 per cent said the same about Macedonia. These figures come after  GfE found in November 2009 that 79 per cent of Austrians said they wanted their country to remain member of the EU. The institute also found at that time that 67 per cent of Austrians regarded the country's accession to the EU in 1995 as the "right step", while 28 per cent told the pollsters they thought the decision was "wrong" from today's perspective. Federal President Heinz Fischer recently dismissed accusations that the enlargement of the EU happened too quickly. Ten Eastern European (EE) states joined the EU in 2004, and many newspaper columnists, political analysts and economists claimed some countries like Romania and Bulgaria were not ready at that time. Others claim the EU has been hit badly by its economically weak EE member states. "The 'quick' enlargement of the EU was definitely no mistake. I put the word 'quick' in quote marks because 15 years passed from the demise of Communism to the joining of some formerly Communist-led states," Fischer said in September. He added: "It will be easier to further support the democratic systems in these countries, to fight corruption and to improve the treatment of (ethnic) minorities now they are members of the EU than it would be if they were not."


