Seventy-four Brits stormed into an apartment complex in the Bulgarian ski resort of Bansko on Wednesday, in an attempt to take control of what they say is their property. Scores of British people have over the past two years paid out sums estimated to run into millions of pounds on homes in the Four Seasons complex. However, they have been unable to take possession of their properties after they were resold without their consent or knowledge. The affair now appears to have come to a head after the Brits, tired of the lack of progress in their legal battle, hired local locksmiths to change the locks of their apartments and entered the complex. They are demanding justice and respect for the rule of law and hinted that the people they say have swindled them are being protected by high-ranking officials. The investors have accused Bulgarian real estate company Zekom and its director, Roman Romanov, of lying not only to them, but to the real estate agency involved in the transactions, London-based Rockarch Estates. The British contingent had bought up to 70 apartments off the plans, paying out more than GBP 6 million between them, but then found themselves locked out. The current problem with the Bansko complex is that the owners, former business associates Nadia Sabeva and Reneta Kachashka, are mired in a legal battle. Sabeva sold 70 per cent of the complex to her partner, Romanov, without notifying Kachashka, forging documents and falsifying signatures to fake the latter's consent to the deal. The Brits' protest pressured Bulgaria's interior minister, Tsvetan Tsvetanov, and chief prosecutor, Boris Velchev, into sending high-ranking police and national chief prosecutor's office officials to investigate the case and its handling by local authorities. "We must scrutinize the details in this case, and if there is any injustice we must do whatever is needed so the owners to have legal access to their properties," Mr Tsvetanov said. The criminal and civil cases are now being dealt with by Razlog Regional Court and Blagoevgrad District Court, according to lawyer Boris Borisov, who is representing Kachashka. She says Sabeva and Romanov drained bank accounts of a large sum of money from the company by forging documents and her signature, in order to sell on the luxury apartments in the Four Seasons Hotel to another of their companies.


