A decade and a half after the end of the war, more and more Croatian firms are sponsoring Serbian sports teams. Ivica Todoric was the first to break the ice in 2003 when he sponsored Serbian and Montenegrin basketball teams. His company is now the Serbian national football team's official water supplier at the upcoming World Cup in South Africa. His example is followed by other Croatian firms who say that business knows no borders and should not be burdened by troubled history. Emil Tedeschi, the head of the Atlantic Group company, is no stranger to sponsoring foreign sports. Together with another company Multipower, he has sponsored a German handball team, Croatian daily Jutarnji List writes. "It is normal that a company that does business in a certain market sponsors those clubs and teams. I do not see any problem in that," Tedeschi said. Nexe Group is one of the biggest Croatian investors in Serbia. They signed a sponsorship agreement with Serbian Handball Federation worth 35,000 Euros in March. The agreement is a continuation of their business relationship since Nexe has been sponsoring them since last year. Silvija Toljanovic from Nexe Group said: "We invested more than 740,000 Euros through sponsorships and donations in 2009, out of which more than 51,000 was in Serbia. Our biggest investment is in handball development, so the Nexe Group has sponsored Croatian, Serbian and Bosnian handball federations in 2009." She added that sponsorship is an important component of a socially responsible business that every company should aspire to. While the political relations between Zagreb and Belgrade can still be qualified as slightly tense, the economic cooperation seems to be blooming, with cross-border sponsorships forming just a small part of the bigger picture. Serbia is one of the rare European countries with which Croatia has trade surplus, for example. Croatian companies exported around 462 million Euros of merchandise to Serbia last year, while at the same time importing 231 million Euros. Serbian tourists are also a coveted market for Croatian tourism officials. According to the data of Croatian National Bank, Croatian companies invested in 518.9 million Euros by the end of last year in Serbia, making Serbia the second largest destination for Croatian foreign investments, ahead of Bosnia and Herzegovina (470.1 million Euros).


