Croatian President Ivo Josipovic has branded the effects of privatisations as the "second-worst consequence" of the Yugoslav Wars. Josipovic told Austrian magazine News: "The worst consequence of the war was hate between nations. The so-called privatisations of our companies come in second place in my opinion as most of them occurred in a criminal manner." The president went on to criticise previous developments as a "disaster for our economy and also for our morale". He said: "Young people realised: you don't have to work, you don't have to be well educated, you only need to be well connected to politicians to become rich overnight." Croatia has come under fire from various sides for failing significantly to slash corrupt business practices for years. Speaking about how the state budget should be restored, Josipovic told News: "A zero tolerance policy towards corruption must have absolute priority for our government." The Croatian president added that many potential investors were still scared away from doing business in the country due to "corruption, high costs and the slow speed of administrative procedures". Asked whether he would agree with the claim that nationalist tendencies had the potential to poison the Balkan region, he said: "It's difficult to give an estimate since nationalism can be found in western countries like Germany and Austria as well." Austrian Social Democratic (SP ) Chancellor Werner Faymann recently warned that Croatia - which is holding talks with European Union (EU) officials to become a member in the next few years - must increase its efforts as far as that was concerned. "The legal system must be adapted to EU standards. I've heard many complaints by Austrian businessmen," he said. Austrian companies invested more in Croatia than businesses from any other country in the first quarter of this year, according to the Croatian National Bank (HNB), Austrian Times has reported. HNB announced that Austrian firms had spent 195.8 million Euros, adding that Germany had been second (90.4 million Euros) and the Netherlands third (70.2 million Euros). Austrian daily Die Presse claimed that Josipovic was "calmer and more competent" than Milan Bandic, who had contested the post of president in January. Kurier reported at that time that the election winner had an "impeccable reputation", adding that voters believed in his pledge to tackle the country's rampant corruption. Kurier went on to describe Josipovic as "hardly charismatic and dry as a bone" but also as a "strong supporter of Croatia's bid to join the EU", while Die Presse praised him as a "vigorous pro-European". "Josipovic acted more statesmanlike than Bandic, who sought support in nationalist circles and among war veterans and Croats in Bosnia," Salzburger Nachrichten said in analysing the election's outcome earlier this year.


