Croatians work 39.2 hours a week, a fraction of an hour below the European Union averages of 39.4 hours, the results of research conducted by Eurostat and Eurofund show. Romanians are the most hard-working people in Europe, as they spend 41.2 hours on average in their jobs.  Finnish, French and Irish work the least, or only 37 hours a week or around seven hours per day. For most of these countries, the official workweek is considered to have 40 hours, the Croatian daily Jutarnji List writes. The research shows that few of the European citizens contributed to their economies' fight with the recession by putting in more work hours.  Amongst those who did are Germans and Brits, both of whom exceeded their shorter official work weeks and by close to half of a work day.  Germans, whose official week is 37.3 hours, put in 40.4 hours on average.  Brits, who have an official work week of the same length, put in 40.7 hours. The research calculated actual hours worked including overtime minus the hours loss due to circumstances such as sick leave. On the other hand, in the countries with most problems like Greece, Portugal and Ireland, the number of hours worked is significantly lower than officially prescribed. In accordance with the directives of the European Union, the work week including overtime must not exceed 48 hours. The official statistics shows that none of the countries came even close to breaking the rules. Croatian employers have been saying for year that the real productivity of the domestic work force is much lower than 40 hours a week, which is one of the main explanations behind lack of foreign investment. The Croatian Association of Employers warns that because of half hour breaks that are paid, the actual workweek in Croatia lasts 37.5 hours instead of the official 40.  That results in 180 million working hours lost every year.  Translated into money, that is a loss of 5.5 billion kunas or 759 million Euros. Unions, on the other hand, say that there are plenty of workers who put in the maximum of 48 hours a week but do not get paid for overtime.  As the recession continues, an estimated 60,00 workers do not receive even the regular salaries, they warn.


