The President of the Carinthian parliamentary committee inquiring into Hypo Group Alpe-Adria (HGAA) operations Rolf Holub is on a two-day visit to Istria where he has been surveying some of the institution's dubious projects in the county. Holub and his Green party colleague and parliamentary representative Peter Pilz have been on a tour of several locations in Istria including a residency near Suvadrija, a wine cellar in Umag and camp "Veli Joze" in Borozija.  In addition to funding controversial real-estate projects, reports have it that the bank also helped former Croatian deputy Defence Minister Vladimir Zagorec finance military armaments. Amid rumours of former Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader's involvement the widespread loan fraud known in Croatia as "Affair Hypo", Pilz confirmed that the Croatian politician is under investigation. The team's priorities, however, lie with those projects arranged with the now deceased former Alliance for the Future of Austria (BZ ) head and the governor of Carinthia, J rg Haider and his party's treasurer, Detlev Neudeck. According to Croatia's Nacional magazine, Neudeck had invested in legally protected natural areas in Istria that had not been provided for construction and were thus practically worthless. A conversion into construction-suitable land was made soon after his purchase, allegedly with a help of some of Istria's politicians possibly including the County head Ivan Jakovcic. The land was later resold at high profits, with the money split between Haider party's officials. The entire project was financed by Hypo, Nacional writes. The Austrians are also looking at close associates of the first Croatian President Franjo Tudjman, including former domestic policy advisor Ivic Pasalic whom they have called a "key figure" in Hypo Group's controversial investments in Croatia and Istria. The information that the investigators collect in Istria will be forwarded to Austria's Ministry of Justice which is handling the case. They warned however, that Croatian authorities should deal with their own suspects. "A lot of money vanished from Croatia and Austria, but we are investigating Austrian political crimes," they said.


