The Croatian Ministry of Education would like to reward good behaviour in primary schools with extra points for admission to high school, but experts say that could lead to discrimination. The Ministry's proposal comes after a recent wave of youth violence that has shaken the nation and brought the issue into the media spotlight. State Secretary Zelimir Janic, responsible for high school education, said the measure could "prevent potentially-violent behaviour." Experts however, are not sure. They say that history has provided plenty of examples of geniuses who had not met the Ministry's criteria.  They cited Thomas Edison, Isaac Newton, Leonardo da Vinci and even Albert Einstein as just some of those whose behaviour would not have been considered "exemplary" as they had, in retrospect, most likely suffered from attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Scientist Miroslav Radman disagreed with the idea, saying that it could discriminate against gifted children who did not fit into the mould. "On the one hand, we say we want innovators, but, on the other, we want to confine creative people to moulds." Preventing deviant behaviour potentially dangerous to society was a different question, "but I am afraid that both criminals and geniuses will end up in the same bag," he added. Snje ana Seku ak-Gale ek, who works with children with special needs, agreed that the measure could discriminate against her charges. "Grades for behaviour are very subjective. They can mean that the child has rubbed a teacher the wrong way. It is also known that teachers often give bad behaviour grades to children who have been diagnosed with ADHD." Many experts agree that the idea, if not exactly bad, is at least not fully developed. Mirjana Nazor, a psychologist from Split, says that the ministry would first have to define what "exemplary behaviour" was. "Some teachers consider silence or failure to ask questions as exemplary behaviour," Nazor told  the daily Jutarnji List. Entrance to high school is based primarily on students' grades during their last two years of primary school but also on exceptional achievements, special abilities and affinities for certain subjects. Most high schools require 36 to 46 points for admission, depending on the type of school.


