The Indian boy with eight limbs who was worshipped as an incarnation of the god Vishnu by locals has had surgery to give him the chance of a normal life.   Deepak Paswan, 7, was born in one of the least developed parts of India with a parasitic twin conjoined to his abdomen, which meant he had four legs and four arms but one head.   Hindu pilgrims from the area near his village in the northern state of Bihar used to visit the household to worship him. The god Vishnu is often depicted with more than four limbs.   His family, uncomfortable with the attention, appealed publicly for help in March to secure an operation to have the unwanted limbs removed.   A hospital in the southern city of Bangalore agreed to carry out the operation to free and the aftercare will be paid for by donations made to the charity "Journalism Without Borders."when a legend here are the   Dad Viresh Paswan said: "We always wanted surgery to remove the parasitic twin to get rid of him being treated as a religious object by people."   "My dream has come true, now we will celebrate it after returning to my village."   The father, a low-caste construction worker in his mid-30s, called the four-hour operation a "miracle" and said his son would now be able to go to school "like any boy of his age".   Deepak's story mirrors that of Lakshmi Tatma, a girl from Bihar who was born with four arms and four legs but who was successfully operated on in 2007.   She was also treated as a rare child with divine powers before she was operated on, a hospital bearing the cost of the 50,000-dollar surgery.   The Fortis Hospital in Bangalore said a team of 15 doctors worked on Deepak's case and after months of consultations went ahead with the complicated surgery.   "He is 100 percent fit," said chief surgeon Ramcharan Thiagrajan, adding that doctors faced a challenge to ensure his intestines functioned correctly in the long run.   "Due to all the mockery and stigma he has faced he is very restless and nervous. But now after this successful operation and counselling he will lead a normal life."   A parasitic twin occurs when a twin embryo begins to develop in the mother, but ultimately does not separate. This results in a semi-formed twin adjoined to the body of the developed twin.


