Croatian hoteliers have had a great season with revenues reaching pre-crisis times, latest statistics show. Analysts at last week's hoteliers congress said revenues had grown two per cent, thanks to a year-on-year increase in guests and overnight stays. According to a survey of 30 per cent of Croatia's hotels, the sector had 4.6 per cent more guests and 5.7 per cent more overnight stays in the first eight months of the year compared to the same period in 2009. This is a great result coming on the heels of a three per cent drop in total revenues last year. Hotels make up 13 per cent of the tourism industry, but contribute 48 per cent of the revenues. The results in other tourism sectors are not yet known, but it is estimated that more cautious consumer spending will be one of the more important variables contributing to this year's totals. Tourism makes up 15 to 20 per cent of Croatia's gross national product (GNP), hires 15 per cent of Croatian workers, and brings in, depending on the success of the season, six to seven billion Euros. This year's good season also contributed to slight growth in retail trade, and consumer spending was aided by the elimination of the lower, two percent bracket of the crisis tax.  Further elimination of the higher four-percent bracket next month is expected to have an additional stimulating effect on consumption. But despite the excellent tourism results, Croatia's economy still lags behind its neighbours in recovery. Labour market problems and external debt - which rose 12 per cent to four billion Euros last year - continue to pose serious challenges to recovery.  The growing problem of the total public debt - domestic and foreign - has led to waves of criticism of government spending. The construction sector is still going through a very difficult period, falling 17 to 20 per cent from last year.  As most important public works projects are halted and banks are reluctant to give out loans for fear of bankruptcy, further unemployment and unpaid debt, the ailing sector cannot expect better results, the daily Vecernji List writes.


