Nazi-sympathising historian David Irving has outraged Polish war veterans with his "sick" tour of the country's World War II death camp sites. Full details of his 1,500 GBP-a-head  week long tour emerged today (thursday) where he will be followed later this month by deluded fans of the Third Reich in a trip dubbed 'Nazi Travel' by critics. As well as a guided trip to the notorious SS-run death camp Treblinka, Irving - who once pleaded guilty to denying that the Holocaust took place - will take his twisted fans to some of the most notorious addresses in the history of World War II. After arriving in Warsaw, Irving will deliver a lecture to his supporters behind closed doors on Nazi monster and head of the feared SS police, Heinrich Himmler, entitled: "Himmler and the SS - His role in the 20 July 1944 Bomb Plot." Guests will then be ferried to the fanatical fascist's bunker in Hochward before another coach trip to Adolf Hitler's headquarters Wolf's Lair in occupied Rastenburg, now Kretzyn in Poland. It was at Wolf's Lair that some of the darkest episodes in Nazi history were planned - including the expansion of the death camps -  and where Hitler survived an assassination attempt. On the return coach trip to Warsaw, fans get a special screening of the German-made movie Downfall - about Hitler's final days - with a voice-over by Irving. Then the following day travellers will hide behind closed doors again for a lecture on Treblinka death camp by what organisers describe as a "neutral expert." The group then travels to the site of the concentration camp itself for a talk on "Operation Reinhardt" the Nazi codename for the mass extermination of Jews. Finally, the Nazi fans can spend the last day visiting Polish resistance sites in Warsaw or go on a shopping spree in the city centre before a farewell banquet, says the tour guide. The trip - organised through Irving's Focal Point Publications website - will be shadowed by Polish secret service agents "The secret service in Poland and in the UK are aware of the visit and that he has previously visited Treblinka. "The visit at the end of September will be under strict observation by the Polish authorities," said a spokesman for the Polish embassy in London. "However, because there's no warrant out for his arrest by either the British or any other EU state there's nothing else we can do and therefore he's free to visit Poland and Treblinka," they added. But the tour has outraged Polish war veterans and victims of the German occupation. More than 800,000 Jews died in Treblinka between 1942 and 1943. "This is sickening. Our people suffered very cruelly under the Nazis and this man should never be allowed in the country. "But he has denied that the Holocaust ever happened. He should take his Nazi Travel tour and go home," said one. In 2006 controvertial Irving was jailed in Austria for Holocaust denial and was made bankrupt after losing a libel action he started in the UK after being accused of denying the death camps.


