The odd job man accused of incinerating murdered British model Eva Rhodes alive has told how he phoned a dating hotline while watching her body burn. Mobile phone records revealed during the murder trial in Gyor, Hungary, on Wednesday showed that caretaker Csaba Augusztinyi dialed the service after battering Ms Rhodes senseless with an axe handle. In a statement to police, cold-blooded Augusztinyi, 31, said he didn't think there was "anything unusual" in his behaviour. Augusztinyi says he killed Ms Rhodes, 65, at her Puss In Boots animal sanctuary in Bony after she whipped him with a dog lead in a row about his wages. But on Wednesday Ms Rhodes' daughter demanded a new investigation into her mother's death claiming she was victim of a gang. Daughter Sophie Bartha told judges: "Someone else must have helped him murder my mum." The charred remains of Ms Rhodes - once a friend of former Beatle John Lennon and Yoko Ono - were found buried in woodland close to her remote farmhouse. But daughter Sophie - who lives in Britain - said her mum was "as strong as an ox" and wouldn't have gone down without a struggle. "My mum weighted 140 kilos, she was as strong as an ox. She couldn't have been knocked out that easily. "And if she were down, one person alone couldn't have dragged her body several hundred meters," she told the court. "Also, there were no clothes where the bones were found, no cloth pieces were recovered and none of the large bones were found either. "The murder must have taken place somewhere else under different circumstances," she said accusing Augusztinyi of lying. And she demanded: "I want a new investigation and I want a new lawyer to oversee it." Ms Rhodes' family's lawyer Laszlo Helmeczy added: "It just does not seem true that Augusztinyi would have killed this elderly beauty queen for just for a couple of thousand HUF ( 7 GBP) and a laptop. "It also doesn't seem right that Augusztinyi would have been physically able to hit the woman so hard that she could've died as a result. "Augusztinyi first said that Rhodes did pay him for his work. So his motives must have been different other than money alone." The family's claims gained weight when a coroner's report presented at court showed that a round fracture on Ms Rhodes skull could not have come from the blow Augusztinyi claims to have delivered.


