This is the moment when a kidnapped boy is reunited with his loving gran after four years as a slave in a travelling circus. When he was just nine years old Zhang Xinkai was kidnapped by a man who promised to give him karate lessons - and then sold him to a travelling circus. There he was beaten and starved to make him perform with deadly snakes for four years before a suspicious policeman in Shanghai demanded to see paperwork showing the child's age. The police officer Lu Yang said: "I thought that it was dangerous for a boy of his age to be working with such animals and I was also suspicious that the other children there who belonged to the family that owns the circus were well-dressed -- whereas this boy was clearly undernourished and dressed in rags." When the circus owners were unable to produce paperwork for the boy, now 13, they were arrested and once the boy had learned to trust police he revealed who he really was so he could be reunited with his family. His grandmother and father travelled to the police station in Shanghai's Fengxian District from Xuzhou, a small city on the north tip of Shanghai's neighbouring Jiangsu Province where they were reunited with the child. Tightly clutching her long-missing grandson by the arm, the grandmother was unable to speak she was so overcome - and only hugged first the child and then the police officers who had rescued him. The boy said he only had one meal a day. The clothes he wore were those discarded by the other children. And he was always at risk of being bitten by snakes, and was forced to perform at shows in towns and cities throughout the country. "He would get a fierce beating whenever he was unwilling to perform," officers said. Zhang was also forced to do chores such as cleaning and washing, police said. Officers bought clothes and books for the boy who had difficulties in communicating with them after years of hard work and neglect. But police officers managed to identify and contact the boy's parents earlier this month. "I hope he will catch up with his studies and go to college," said officer Yang. The boy's father, Zhang Qingtong, a mason, said: "We thought we would never see him again." In a country where child abduction is not uncommon, Zhang is one of the lucky ones. Chinese police rescued more than 2,000 kidnapped children solving 1,717 cases during a nationwide campaign against child trafficking last year.


