Rapid Vienna bosses have once more claimed they received no specific offer for Nikica Jelavic, while Scottish media claim Glasgow Rangers are about to snatch the striker. Rapid executive manager Alfred H rtnagl said today (Thurs): "There's no tangible offer on our desk - nothing we can negotiate about." The Croat scored twice in Tuesday's 3-0 win over Bulgarian cup champs PFC Beroe Stara Zagora which sent Rapid into the final knockout qualification round for this season's main UEFA Europa League stage. Jelavic became a target for top clubs such as Benfica and Everton FC after netting three times in two matches against Celtic Glasgow in last season's Europa League group stage. The 24-year-old also found the net against Aston Villa and Hamburger SV. Now sports dailies claim Glasgow Rangers - who currently are scouring the market for a new striker - are ready to offer around four million Euros for Jelavic who achieved a comeback in his national team after joining Rapid two years ago. Jelavic, who scored twice in his team's 3-0 Europa League win over Beroe Stara Zagora on Tuesday night, has already stated his desire to leave Vienna and join Rangers. But Rapid have held firm in trying to get the SPL champions to meet their valuation of the Croatian, which is believed to be in the region of  3.5 million. Rapid's sporting director Alfred Hoertnagl was absent on Wednesday because of a pre-arranged business trip. But he will hold talks with board members in Vienna on Thursday morning, before deciding how to progress with Rangers' bid, which reports in Austria also claim has been "upped to  3.5 million". Everton are also thought to be interested in lodging an offer for Jelavic, who has two years left to run on his contract. David Moyes took in Rapid's 2-1 win over Red Bull Salzburg on Sunday, before another representative from the English Premier League side watched Jelavic in action on European duty two days later. "Unless we receive a concrete offer that meets our valuation, Jelavic will certainly remain with us," Hoertnagl was quoted as telling Sportnet.at. "We haven't received any offers that would force us to make a decision." H rtnagl stressed Jelavic was not allowed to speak out about current rumours, but the former Zulte Waregem ace told Scottish papers about a move to Rangers: "I'm ready to take on a new challenge. I'm keeping my fingers crossed the move materialises. I have always dreamed of playing in Britain and this is my big chance." The fan favourite added: "I hope Rapid will grant me this favour in return for my goals and my endless fight for the club." Rangers manager Walter Smith is pressed to sign at least one strong striker after Nacho Novo and Kris Boyd left the club earlier this summer. Rapid bosses meanwhile fear a fan revolt if they flog Jelavic - whose contract runs for one more year - before the current transfer window shuts on 31 August. Club officials came under fire for selling Stefan Maierhofer to Wolverhampton Wanderers and Erwin Hoffer to SSC Napoli last summer. The two strikers found the net 50 times in the 2008/2009 season between them. Maierhofer in the meantime went on to MSV Duisburg on loan, while Napoli chiefs agreed with 1. FC Kaiserslautern bosses over a one-year loan deal for Hoffer. Both strikers said they hoped to make a comeback in the national team playing in Germany after a doomed season in England and Italy respectively. Meanwhile, Bundesliga champions Red Bull Salzburg march on in the UEFA Champions League qualification after beating Cypriot team AC Omonia 4-1 yesterday. Last week's first leg ended in a 1-1 draw. The Austrian Bundesliga continues with three matches on Saturday and a further two on Sunday. All of the fixtures will be preceded by a minute of silence for former Wacker Innsbruck captain Theo Gr ner who lost a long battle against cancer at the age of 33 earlier this week. The Austrian Bundesliga table after three rounds: Magna Wiener Neustadt, 7 points Sturm Graz, 7 Austria Vienna, 7 SV Ried, 6 Wacker Innsbruck, 4 Kapfenberg, 4 Rapid Vienna, 3 Red Bull Salzburg, 1 LASK Linz, 0 SV Mattersburg, 0


