Croatian President Ivo Josipovic was a guest on FRANCE 24/RFI, and the show will be broadcasted for the first time at 12:40pm on 3 April. In a 17-minute interview on the international news and current affairs television channel, Josipovic talked with Christophe Robeet (France 24) and Pierre Benazet (RFI - Radio France Internationale) about Croatian EU accession negotiations, the fight against  corruption and organized crime, relations with Serbia and Kosovo, and the situation in Bosnia-Herzegovina. Josipovic was presented as a pragmatic and rational president and a celebrated musician who had promised to crack down on corruption, which he called a "cancer on society". Talking about corruption, Josipovic said Croatia had relatively good legislation but the political will had been missing but that had changed. Asked when Croatia expected to enter European Union (EU), Josipovic said it was not possible to cite a precise date. He said: "We hope to end negotiation by the end of this year and hope that the date for EU accession will be no later than 2012." Josipovic said rising EU scepticism was normal during implementation of painful reform. H added: "We still have 49 per cent of Croats supporting EU accession and 47 per cent against it. We need to start explaining that reform has been undertaken because of Croatia, not because of the European Union. We also need to talk about the benefits of reform." Asked whether he still believed it was a good idea to join the EU, he said no country had chosen to leave it, so he was assured that the EU was a good choice. Talking about Croatia's relations with its neighbours, he said all disputes with Slovenia had ended. Josipovic said he did consider Serb President Boris Tadic's refusal to attend his inauguration ceremony as an act directed against Croatia or himself, but one deriving from Serb policy towards Kosovo. He said. "Many European countries have recognized Kosovo. It is a reality that we need to respect, but we also understand Serbia's position. It is normal to invite all presidents. Yes, I am very unhappy Tadic was not there, but I understand his position. I only can say that disputes will be peacefully resolved soon as possible." Josipovic also said that Serbia has significantly and positively changed its position on war crimes since the late 1990's. According to Josipovic, Serbia was more cooperative with the Hague tribunal and the next step would be delivery of war criminal Ratko Mladic to the Hague. Asked about the situation in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Josipovic said Croatia would like to see a solution that would guarantee equality for every person there. Josipovic admitted that he did not have enough time for music any more.


