The head of the Swiss suicide euthanasia company Dignitas is facing jail after the discovery of more than 50 urns containing human remains dumped in Lake Zurich Rumours first surfaced in 2008 when it was reported that the bodies of British and other suicide tourists were being dumped in Lake Geneva. Now police divers have discovered dozens of urns abandoned on the bottom of the lake, all bearing the logo from the cremation authorities where Dignitas is based. Swiss courts have the power to jail organisers of unauthorised lake burials for three years and fine them 30,000 GBP per case. The lake is a popular bathing resort and also the source of local Drinking water. Daniel Scheidegger of the local council said: "Pouring the ashes into the water is a very bad idea. It floats on the surface and gets carried to the bank. Eventually, mortal remains end up in the lake's mud at the bank." Critics say Dignitas simply dumped the remains to avoid paying for services and funerals. The urns were discovered when police called in divers to help them look for the sun cover that had blown off a police boat and sunk in the lake. Official diver Roman Ruetz said: "We stopped counting at 50 urns. They're all lying on a heap." Together with colleague Michi Wunderli, 23, they have so far bought 13 of the containers to the surface. Local mayor Max Baumgartner, 48, said: "I am furious. In particular the large number of urns left me really shocked. It looks like they have been systematically dumping them here. We are of course waiting for the official police report however before doing anything else." Police took away the urns that had been recovered at the weekend, he said. Zurich Church spokesman Nicolas Mori said: "If burials on the water are conducted on a commercial basis and any promised ceremony is not carried out - that is just completely unacceptable. It is like getting rid of the rubbish, just getting it out of sight and out of mind, and we condemn it totally." The local council warned that they had made a complaint against unidentified persons at present with regards to disturbing the peace of the dead which can result in up to 3 years in jail. Police spokesman Stefan Oberlin said: "We need to clean up the region of urns and are looking in all directions. We believe they came from the Z rich Oberland as it says on the urns - which of course is where Dignitas is based. Former Dignitas employee Soraya Wernli (52) said she estimated that around 300 of the urns were at the bottom of the lake. She said that at first Minelli dumped them there himself but later he had asked his daughter and another member of staff to do it. In 2008 two members of Dignitas were caught trying to pour the ashes of 20 dead into Lake Zurich. A spokesman for the local council confirmed: "A local landowner spotted two people trying to pour ashes into the lake on his property. He thought they were dumping rubbish and it was only when he got close that he realised what it was. The couple had a van parked on his property containing 20 urns with the remains of cremated people inside. The man reported them to the police after they admitted to working for Dignitas." Local council member Daniel Scheidegger confirmed it was possible that Dignitas was dumping mortal remains in the lake as the company had acquired a flat in the area after being kicked out of Zurich-Wiedikon district due to residents' protests over vans with corpses driving by all the time.


