Teenage pop sensation Kim Petras is to work as a back stage reporter to cover this years Comet awards. The job will see Kim walking along the red carpet to interview celebrities accompanied by her own film crew from an Australian TV station. She will also have her own photographer after she signed a deal with the Europics photo agency where editor David Rogers explained: "Internationally and especially in the UK there is massive interest in Kim - and we have already signed several deals for exclusive coverage with magazines in the UK - America and Australia." Talented Kim, who is still at school when not in the studio, said: "I am really honored that I was asked to cover the event -- and I'm really excited about going there to meet all the big names in the German music business." Seventeen-year-old Kim, who has already worked as a model and been photographed by Benetton and as the face of the German hairdressing Unisex chain, said she was looking forward to being behind the camera rather than in front of it. She said: "I am not claiming to be a journalist but if it gives me the chance to meet some of the really big names in the music business here that will be at the Comet awards then I'm happy to give it a try and do my best." Kim has appeared on television shows and in magazines all over the world but has so far turned down requests to perform from London through to Rome while she continues to finish the material for her new album - and in order to make sure she has something worthwhile to show her fans. At the age of 15 she was discovered by a music producer via Youtube, who went on to produce and release her first songs. Kim was also the power behind her first music video for her single "Die For You" that she wrote, and helped to produce, direct and star in. Now she is producing her debut album with the producers of Bionic Ballroom (Michael Jackson, Ofra Haza, Thomas D) and delivers new demos she has composed herself to her team weekly - and there is a sneak preview of this exciting new work on her Youtube Videos, using an instrumental intro. As an artist with not a euro spent on promotion or other marketing she has notched up millions of visitors - with her personal my space page along scoring a million without any friend adder systems. Her blog videos on her Youtube Channel (http://www.youtube.com/kimmilinlein) have scored thousands of hits often within hours of going live. Her channel already has more than 1 million hits, and hosting for her homepage is having to be upgraded because it is unable to handle the requests from everything from the media through to old fans and new fans eager to know more. Kim has certainly seen enough of the camera from one side and is keen now to go the other. SternTV (RTL/ VOX, GER) are among those that have followed her career as well as the CBS Morning Show (ITV, UK), CBS The Insider (USA), Rojo y Negro (ES), Fox News (USA), RTL Punkt 12 (GER), Sunday Night (AUS), News CCTV (CN) and at 60 Minutes (AUS). In the print media she was on the cover of the BILD, had articles in The Herald Sun (UK), Cosmopolitan Magazine (UK/ GR), Sugar Magazine (UK), M dchen Magazine (GER), Bravo (GER), Yam (GER), H rzu Magazin (GER), Der Spiegel (GER), Express (GER), Daily Mail (UK), MTV Newsroom (UK), Top of The Pops Magazin (GER), The Telegraph (UK), The Independent (UK), Dobra Magazin (TR), Daily Telegraph (AUS) 20 Minuten (CH), Augsburger Allgemeine (GER), Daily Star Sunday (UK), Fame Magazine (UK), AG Magazine (AR), Ambiente Magazine (US), Famous Dolls (RU), Colors Magazine (IT), Ciao People Magazine (IT), PaperBlog (FR) and the Austrian Times (A) to mention but a few.


