Despite his death 30 years ago on May 4, 1980, the leader of post-war Yugoslavia Josip Broz Tito remains a polemic figure. Now, on the 30th anniversary of his death, as former Yugoslav states debate his legacy and an occasional protestor hoists up his photograph during a Labour Day march in a suspected longing for times gone by, Croatian Times talked to a young Austrian artist who has chosen Tito as the central theme of his exhibition "Yugostalgia". When Walter Steinacher travelled to Bosnia, Croatia and Slovenia in 2007 he was surprised to see images of Tito on T-shirts and postcards, and on posters plastered on the walls of "every single night club in Ljubljana." But he also saw artistic and comic potential. "I decided to work on the former Yugoslav president, like creating a European Che Guevara T-shirt print an icon, approaching this rather heavy historical figure with a very light and pop attitude." In an introduction to his exhibit, on display at HERE Arts Center in New York and coming soon to Ljubljana, Slovenia, Mitja Velikonja from University of Ljubljana writes: "His works are funny precisely because they are so serious.That is precisely what enables him to demystify Tito not in points where he is usually demystified (when his image and political role is confronted with historical facts) - but on his most personal, physical even sexual level." Velikonja is referring to a striking painting depicting the imposing figure of Tito - his face a replica of the solemn images that could have been found in all former-Yugoslav schools and in many private homes - with women's breasts and female genitals. Steinacher explains his inspiration being a combination of emotional and apolitical attachment he had sensed amongst the people he met and the homophobic undertones of a traditionally patriarchic society. "All of this led to the image of Tito, the mother of Yugoslavia, a symbol of non-sexual, or rather trans-sexual, subconscious desire." It is perhaps Steinacher's distance - for he is neither from former Yugoslavia nor has he lived during Tito's reign - that allows the young artist a close and a unique look at this controversial historical figure. The "Yugostalgia" exhibit is coming to the University of Ljubljana's Faculty of Social Sciences on May 27th.


