A German police officer has won a legal battle for a week's extra holiday each year - because of the time it takes him to get into and out of his uniform Officer Martin Schauder, 44, determined that it took him 15 minutes per day to put on his uniform - and another 15 to take it off. He calculated to the second how long it took to put on his regulation undershirt, trousers, belt holding truncheon, handcuffs, weapon and gas canister, overshirt, tunic, boots, protective kneepads (when on riot control) and gloves. The officer with the police in the university city of Muenster in north-west Germany had argued with his superiors for months about either getting a pay rise - or time off in lieu. They refused on both counts - saying it was all part of his duties as a policeman. So he took the force to the city's administrative court - and won. Now he has an extra seven days annual leave to look forward to - and left the legal profession wondering whether or not his victory will open the floodgates to a whole raft of similar lawsuits. 'We could, in theory, have judges arguing for extra time off because of the amount of time it takes them to robe up, or receptionists claiming overtime for lipstick application as they have to look good for clients,' said legal expert Joachim Wulfmeyer. Erich Rettinhaus, boss of the police union in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia which encompasses Muenster, said: "Until this ruling it meant every police officer had to spend, effectively, an extra 15 minutes at both ends of the day on their own time. "Such a decision was long overdue." But his employers still have a chance to overturn the ruling. Under German law there is a period between the lower court judgement becoming law and the possibility of an appeal to a higher court, which the police in Muenster said it is considering. Officer Schauder's case was a test complaint representing over 120 other officers. Granting them all the extra paid week's leave that he is entitled to would seriously challenge the city's police budget at a time of rigid cutbacks.


