The government has proposed the next year's budget from which more than half will go towards pensions and expenses for the employed. Some 57 per cent of the budget or 70 billion kunas (9.5 billion Euros) will need to be set aside for these expenses.  The total expenditures are estimated to be 122.3 billion kunas (16.6 billion Euros). The revenues, on the other hand, are expected to be 107.4 billion (14.54 billion Euros). Contributions are not expected to cover next year's pensions, event though these will be frozen regardless of the potential rise in the cost of living.  Contributions will cover only 19.3 billion (2.6 billion Euros) out of 4.8 billion Euros anticipated expenses. The majority of the Ministries will get fewer funds next year, amongst them the Ministry of Health (700 million kunas or 94.7 million Euros less). The biggest winners are the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Justice. The government's budget proposal includes additional expenses anticipated for next year, such as the census, parliamentary elections and the referendum on Croatia's European Union membership. The total costs of these events are expected to be around 323.1 million kunas (43.7 million Euros). There will be no new subventions for shipyards next year, but the outstanding debt that had already been guaranteed by the state is 12 billion kunas (1.6 billion Euros). The Ministry of Finance is likely to look for restructuring from the banks. The biggest drop in revenue is related to income tax, where losses of 12 per cent are expected due to the rising numbers of the unemployed.  There will also be less profit tax (about 10 per cent), while VAT revenues are expected to increase by 3.8 per cent. The introduction of the new property tax could happen next year, but those taxes are claimed by the local units rather than the federal budget. There is also the question of whether politicians will be willing to suggest such implementation in the election year. The Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor has said however, that no new taxes will be introduced next year and pensions and salaries will not be cut. Considering that the anticipated economic growth of 1.5 per cent in the next year, the deficit will continue to be high ( 4.3 per cent of GDP). Finance Minister Ivan Suker expects the deficit to go down below three per cent in 2012. Next year's debt payments are budgeted at 22.3 billion kunas (3.02 billion Euros), with 9.9 billion (1.34 billion Euros) used for financing old debt.


