The top cop who died with a bullet in his head after he investigated the kidnap of Austrian cellar girl Natascha Kampusch was murdered by a VIP paedophile ring, his brother has claimed. Investigator Franz Kroell, 59, was the original head of the inquiry into the disappearance of Kampusch when she was snatched aged 10 on her way to school by a paedophile who kept her prisoner for more then eight years. He died last July with what was thought to be a single shot from his service revolver as a new inquiry into the kidnap revealed a series of blunders. But now his brother Karl has told Austrian newspaper Die Aktuelle the detective was assassinated to protect a high-ranking ring of VIP paedophiles he was about to unmask. "There was no investigation into his death at all. When I told a policeman that my brother had by no means to commit suicide he just laughed at me," said Karl. The detective died after an official re-investigation of the kidnap ended and he was about to be demoted to a street cop in a country police department. But, his brother says, he continued to investigate the Kampusch case on his own. "Somebody must have gotten wind of it. A few weeks later Franz was dead," said Karl. And he poured scorn on the official version that his brother killed himself. "Nobody was able to explain to me why nobody heard the shot on a late July evening when almost everybody was sleeping with open windows? Was it impossible to hear the shot because a silencer was used?" said Karl. Kampusch was kept prisoner for more than eight years until she managed to escape her captor, pervert Wolfgang Priklopil who committed suicide before he could be quizzed. The case has been dogged by persistent rumours that Priklopil was part of a paedophile gang which had snatched the schoolgirl to order. In one conversation a few weeks before his death, Franz told his brother: "Karl, if something happens to me, you have to carry on where I left off. "It's getting more and more dangerous, I have to reckon with the worst. These people have no scruples at all." When his brother asked who he meant, the veteran cop said: "Those who want to prevent the Kampusch case being solved by any means. "Those up to their necks in the child sex scene. Like one politician from Lower Austria, an official from the Ministry of Interior, a judge, colleagues of mine from Vienna, and so on. This is the tip of the iceberg." "Once I found a noose hanging on my door, remember? I have to investigate influential and powerful people and I'm on my own standing in front of a giant stinking bubble of lies, abominations, sex and blackmail. "If I burst that bubble, there will be a quake in Austria. But they will know how to prevent that just like they prevented all kinds of results in the Kampusch case during the last years. "I know I'm even watched in my own office," added the detective. The cop kept all his secrets out of his police files and stored them on a laptop and a USB memory stick - but both were confiscated from Karl shortly after his brother's death. "My brother was close to solving the Kampusch case and he was on the right people's heels. He had to die because he knew too much. "Now I'm afraid too," admitted Karl.


