Croatia must change its model of economic growth in favour of private investments. This was one of the conclusions of the recent conference organized by the monthly magazine Banka and business portal Poslovni Dnevnik. The event gathered political, economic and scientific experts, including the American ambassador to Croatia James B. Foley, chief economists of the World Bank, many independent analysts and government advisers. Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor opened the meeting, reminding the audience of several government investment projects valued at 14 billion Euros and aimed to increase growth. Foley warned however of the difficult investment climate with an anecdote about several American investors who had waited for five years to resolve a property -legal dispute surrounding a tourism-related project. They investors finally gave up. "The existing model for development in Croatia is not sustainable," Foley said, adding that changes are imperative. A professor at the Zagreb Faculty of Economics Dr. Ivo Bicanic said that the problem is not the level of investment, but rather the insufficient results that it brings. While state projects may increase GDP in the short-term, they lead to negative growth in the long-term. "Investments in roads are not a road toward the future," he said. "[They] are just a way for politicians to stay in their BMWs and get re-elected." He warned that Croatia has no time to lose, the daily Vecernji List writes. "We have three - or at the most six months -  to jump on the new Europe bandwagon," Bicanic said. The chief World Bank economist Sanja Madzarevic-Sujster said that the country must use its reserves (employment, productivity, innovation), but must not endanger macroeconomic stability and the exchange rate. "Croatia has a rigid labour market and that is a fact that must be discussed. All aspects, from benign problems such as the definition of the working hours to the expenses of dismissals which are amongst the highest in Europe, but also in the world, need adressing" said Madzarevic-Sujster. The problem is aligning the qualifications with labour market needs. Such discrepancy leads to the current situation in which there are 300,000 unemployed while every month companies are in need of - but seem unable to find - 50,000 workers. "In the long-term, that is the most dangerous segment that could lead to the stagnation of the economy," said Madzarevic-Sujster.


