Thirty five Croatian companies have made it into the top 100 of the Adria's top 100 firms, new analysis by the auditing firm Deloitte shows. The study, which looks at last year's revenues, puts Croatia's Agrokor Group and the oil company Ina at the top of the region of former Yugoslavian states. In second place behind Croatia is Slovenia with 31 firms, followed by Serbia with 23. Agrokor took the lead two years ago, putting Ina in second place and raking in 3.6 billion Euros of revenues last year, with Ina registering 2.78 billion. In third and fourth place on the list are Slovenian firms - Mercator Group with 2.6 billion Euros and Petrol Group with 2.3 billion. Fifth and sixth place are held by Serbian Firms Delta (1.68 billion) and EPS (1.64 Billion). They are followed by Croatian HEP, Slovenian Revoz, Serbian oil company Nis ad. and Slovenian Gorenje Group in the 10th place. The biggest share in the top 100 is held by retail companies Agrokor, Mercator and Delta, who contribute around 35 per cent of their total revenues from sales. Every third Croatian company that made it into the top one hundred belongs to the retail sector, while Slovenian companies dominate in manufacturing, and Serbian in energy and resources. The revenues from sales, however, fell by 12 per cent in 2009. "This is obviously the result of slower economic activities as a reflection of the global economic crisis, but also of the depreciation of some local currencies in relation to the Euro," says Vladimir Milo evi , one of the partners in Deloitte. The most significant drop in revenue from sales was 23.7 per cent in manufacturing. Deloitte has also published a list of Top 10 companies by net profit, which shows a different picture with telecommunication firms in the lead. Croatian HT Group heads the group with profit of 276 million Euros in 2009. It is followed by Telekom Serbia with 211 million Euros, Slovenian Krka with 173 million, HSE Group (113 million), Macedonian Telecom (111 milliong), Croatian Vipnet (83 million), ENI Croatia (80 million), BH Telecom (73 million), Serbian EFT Holding ASP (73 mililion), and Adris Group in the tenth place with 68 million of net profits.


