On the first anniversary of her election the Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor has said she thinks the beginning of the economic recovery will come in the second half of the year and that she is not planning to step down as PM before her mandate expires. "I will stay until the end of the mandate and lead the government through these difficult and complicated times. These are the times for the brave, and I do believe I belong to that group," she told the TV programme Dnevnik. She said that the first signs of the economic recovery could be expected for the second half of this year, adding that exports had grown by eight per cent while imports continued to fall. Speaking about her recent political moves, the PM referred to the "nightmare" of having to announce a new tax at the very beginning of her mandate. As it transpired, the crisis tax was necessary. "At that moment that was the only solution that helped with the consolidation of the finances. If we had not done that, I don't know how all of this would have ended," she said. The government has since abolished the lower crisis tax of two per cent on all income over 3,000 kunas (417 Euros). The higher crisis tax of four per cent on incomes over 6,000 kunas (834 Euros) will be abolished in December. Kosor defended her economic recovery programme saying that everyone must bear the burden of reforms. She pointed to the need for pension system reform but reassured the public that the fact that the state had already spent more than 70 per cent of its annual budget was not reason for concern. "The situation is not dramatic, the pensions will be paid on time, as well as salaries and social allowances." Referring to her proposed amendments to the labour law which have caused quite a stir with unions collecting double the number of signatures needed to call for a referendum against them, Kosor said that people were reacting to tough living conditions and the crisis. She said that the proposed changes did not violate workers rights and she called upon unions to continue with negotiations.


