Chinese Doctors have begun work on what is expected to be the first of at least three major operations to save the life of the Chinese Avatar girl after illness left her looking like one of the creations from the 3D movie. Twenty-two-year old Wu Xiaoyan's parents had been unable to afford the medical costs and had to watch helplessly as their beloved daughter's face twisted out of shape - leaving her looking like one of the aliens from the film Avatar. David Rogers from the charity journalismwithoutborders.com said: "The total bill for the three operations will end up being around  20,000 with the first operation alone costing 13,000. However the hospital itself has donated  3,000. Our organisation together with an Italian charity Children First have also managed to raise much of the sum needed but not all - but because of the severity of the condition hospital officials have generously agreed to go ahead with the operation before all the money is in place." Doctor Christine Zhan from the hospital in Lishui Zhejang, Southern China, said: "She has a severe facial deformity - a Fibrous Dysplasia. "She cannot breathe through her nose or smell and can no longer see properly. She is very brave and doesn't complain but is in a lot of pain despite the medication. As a result we have decided to start the operation now. The first operation is expected to last around 20 hours. "Because her tumour has already occupied two-thirds of the face we want to remove it and then carry out chemotherapy and radiotherapy." Donations are still coming in to help the family that cannot afford the  17,000 needed to complete the surgery. The family will be responsible for any of the bill which remains unpaid once the last of the donations are counted. Local villagers who knew Avatar girl Wu before her illness have also collected almost 600 pounds for the fund - an enormous amount given the low incomes and poverty in which most of them live. All Wu's family members are farmers and have little more than  100 a month income each. In addition Wu's mother has been incapacitated after a stroke and the father is struggling to look after her and continue to make a living. Donations can be made on www.journalismwithoutborders.com.


