Austria's justice Ministry is investigating to find out how a video interview was made and broadcast with Josef Fritzl without their knowledge. Officials at Stein jail where the incest monster is jailed had no idea that the interview had even been made until it was published in German media earlier this week. The Austrian justice ministry suspects a lawyer may have helped smuggle video recording equipment into the prison to take the interview with the 75-year-old convicted child killer. A spokesman said: "At the moment all we can say for sure is that this was not authorised. From what we can see of the footage, the interview apparently took place in areas of the Stein jail in Krems which normally only lawyers of prisoners were allowed to enter." The justice ministry had forbidden Fritzl from giving any interviews after he was sentenced to life in jail last year in a bid to protect his victims. His daughter Elisabeth had already made a formal protest at any suggestion that Fritz will be allowed to profit from his crime and a justice ministry official confirmed: "This incident will have consequences." Bild newspaper which published the interview as a world exclusive has rubbished the accusations, saying: "Our reporters made it very clear they wanted to speak with Fritzl about a book project. He has plans to publish an autobiography. Apart from that, our staff were checked upon entering the jail and they had to hand over various items which are not allowed inside the prison." The interview, which was published some days ago, made headlines all over the world. Fritzl told the reporters he was convinced that his ex-wife Rosemarie was still in love with him. The pervert, who kept his own daughter Elisabeth as a sex slave for 24 years, also said: "I often think of my wife at night. I dream of getting out of here alive, because I'd love to look after her. She was always faithful." Fritzl, who admitted to rape, incest, murder and enslavement in a trial held in St. Poelten in March 2009, also said he was a massive fan of Two and a Half Men since the young star of the American sitcom reminded him of one of his sons.


