Austrian Taxi driver Hannes Urban didn't start out to be anyone's saviour when he went to South Africa 10 years ago - but his life certainly took a turn he never have expected. Urban's plan was to visit one of the many pen pals he'd exchanged letters with over the years when he flew off from Vienna in 1998. That friendship didn't last, however. "My pen pal wanted to marry me, so I fled," says Urban, 53. But by the time his vacation ended, he had discovered a deeper calling: Shocked by the poverty he witnessed on the streets of Cape Town, he left determined to help some of the beggars he had met there. "I met a homeless woman there with a sick baby," Urban says. "So I went to the supermarket and bought her milk, yoghurt, bananas. I told her I would come back to South Africa and make sure her child goes to kindergarten." After he returned from South Africa, Urban told his hairdresser about the homeless woman with the baby. She wanted to send some of her clothing to the woman. "But I told her I didn't have room in my backpack," he recalls. Then, at a bar frequented by many of Vienna's taxi drivers, word spread among the regulars that Urban planned another trip to South Africa. "Before I knew it, they had collected 130 kilograms [290 pounds] of clothing," Urban says. "I didn't know what to do, so I went to a travel agency and asked if they could carry it as missionary goods." British Airways agreed to transport the material for free, and Urban soon returned to South Africa carrying seven large cardboard boxes of used clothes. But during that visit he met Thobeka Beatrice Sidlayi, a kindergarten teacher struggling to support her family, and so his work carried on. By 2000, Hannes had founded his own aid organization, Helfen Wir, which has built a kindergarten attended by about 30 South African children a year. He has also launched projects in several developing countries aimed at bringing food and medicine to poor people, and at the start of 2010 - his ten year anniversary - he founded a spin off aid group Journalism Without Borders together with British journalist Michael Leidig. Leidig said: "I mentioned to him how hard it was to meet some of the people you come across in my job - and then move on. Hannes doesn't wait around when there is a need - he is a force of nature that you can't resist - he doesn't acccept "no" as an answer - I don't think it exists in his vocabulary - as I suspect many Austrian firms that were persuaded to donate have found out." Hannes then persuaded Austrian Advertising Agency boss Christian Klasan to do the web page, and the charity for journalists that want to offer readers of their work the chance to get involved directly was unveiled - featuring in such news media as the Guardian and Daily Telegraph. In the first year of operation it has raised thousands for mainly children as far afield as China, Israel, India and Romania - although it has a long way to go to reach the figures Hannes Urban's own charity Helfen Wir is notching up. Urban spends half the year abroad making sure the money is spent properly at end destinations, he never just hands it over but always pays it directly to hospitals and partners he is working with. The rest of the year he spends back in Vienna driving his taxi and raising money for his projects. A Roman Catholic driven by the desire to do God's work, Urban says he never set out to establish his own charity. "My target was simply to help the poor and the sick." When asked how he decided who to help he has a simple motto - "I never turn anyone away - I try and help them all." That is regardless of whether it is a 5 euro eye operation in the Third World or a 50,000 euro treatment for something more complicated. This weekend he unveiled details of a new appeal to help a nine year-old-boy with walking difficulties, was then with the Vienna Archbishop to bless a new container of goods to Africa and in between was helping out at his punch stand. If you want to have the chance to meet Hannes and discuss his work he will be available at the Punsch Stand selling hot drinks - and eliciting donations - on the corner of Nestroygasse and Praterstrasse in Vienna's 2nd district - outside the St John Nepomuk Church next week on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday between 16.00 and 22.00. To make a donation or become a sponsor visit www.journalismwithoutborders.com or www.helfen-wir.org


