These are the first pictures of Chinese dairy farmer Guo Feng reunited with his wife Jia Ling after an operation to remove the biggest pair of man boobs in the world. The 53-year-old said: "I had bigger boobs then my wife - she got so many comments from our neighbours that she moved out to live with her mother." Guo said after spending his life savings on trying to get treatment to reduce the problem he finally found a sympathetic surgeons at a specialist chest clinic in the Chinese capital Beijing that agreed to do the operation almost for free. Doctor Zhang Lilan at the Jinan Chest Hospital said: "The five hour operation was a complete success. We have removed his breasts. "In my 30 years working here at the chest clinic I have never seen anything like it and obviously for his work as a farmer they were extremely uncomfortable - and got in the way of everything. We wanted to help him because farmers do not earn enough money for medical treatment like this. We removed them and told him to eat less fatty foods in future and to have a healthier diet." Guo said: "About 10 years ago my chest started to get larger but I didn't think much of it as I was putting on weight all over - but in the last few years it became unbearable." His wife has now returned to him together with their son LiWei and Guo said: "I think I'm the happiest man in the world right now, I know this wasn't a lifesaving operation - I didn't have cancer or anything - but I'm pretty sure there's nobody who understands exactly how I felt. "It was not only embarrassing becoming a tourist attraction for everyone in the village but it was bad for my wife and my son. "My wife Jia Ling was being asked so many stupid questions by the other housewives whenever she went to the market. They would ask her if I still had anything, you know, down there. They told her at 40 she still had time to get another man. And with me having bigger breasts than her as you can imagine our sex life just vanished. "My son Xiaobo was 11 at the time - in middle school. He'd come home and say the boys were calling him the freak's son. "It also made my work difficult. I have 20 cows on my farm. I sell the milk and butter at the market, and make about GBP 120 a month. But things like milking and carrying buckets became quite hard. It's okay to say I should have got used to it, but women start growing breasts in their teens - I was normal for more than 40 years. I got pains in my lower back, and chafing from the makeshift bras I was wearing. "But it's the little things as well. Like when we had dinner I'd prop them on the table without thinking and then suddenly feel embarrassed at this cleavage in front of me. Or if one of the calves got free and I had to run after it, when my boobs started heaving and bouncing it was just another reminder of what a freak I looked. "The past few years have been hell - but now I can make a new start as a fresh man."


