A much-anticipated testimony from the former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader has revealed that the current PM Jadranka Kosor, was aware of details surrounding the final stages of the privatization of Croatian oil company Ina, contrary to her claims of ignorance. Sanader returned from the United States last week in order to testify yesterday (Tue) about the controversial privatization of the national oil company. An inquiry committee is currently questioning former and current government officials, administrative personnel and members of the company's supervisory board in regards to all agreements that took place between INA and Hungarian MOL, the company's biggest single shareholder (47.2 per cent stake). In his testimony, Sanader - who was the PM at the time - claims that all of the changes to the Ina/MOL contract had followed upon what had been outlined by previous PM Ivica Racan.  He also claims that the top members of the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) were familiar with the main elements of the changes to the contract with MOL and that the current Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor had been included in the finalization of the agreement. The former PM seemed nervous at the beginning of the procedure, but had gained confidence by the end, the daily Jutarnji List writes. Sanader defended the agreement with MOL which was concluded when he was still in power. Answering whether the government consciously allowed Ina not to pay excise duties, Sanader said that the postponing of payments was tolerated "in order to save the [ailing] company and the people who were working for it." Sanader also explained why MOL - with its 47.2 per cent of shares- received management rights over the company. "In 2003 the [Ivica] Racan's government added an excellent clause under which MOL could not dispose of INA's shares for the next five years without the consent of the Croatian government. But after the expiration of the agreement, MOL legally bought INA's shares from veterans, Ina's employees and citizens, thus obtaining 46 per cent of shares, leaving the state with less than 50 per cent. According to that agreement, when the state's share falls below 50 per cent, we no longer had the right to four representatives on Ina's management board and the supervisory board." He commented that an end to the agreement with MOL would be costly as it could send the wrong message to potential investors about the government's fickleness. "We must learn to honour continuity even when we do not agree," he said. To the fact that the country has sold one of its "golden mines," Sanader said that he had been in favour of Ina's buying other companies rather than it being bought. "But it is what it is and we must live with it," he added.


