Italian officials in Perugia have come up with a bizarre plan for an all expenses paid scholarship to invite a student to the city's University for Foreigners - in memory of former student Meredith Kercher. Kercher was on an Erasmus year in the city when she was murdered after her throat was cut - and now city officials together with the University have come up with a plan to invite another student and award them the "Meredith  Kercher Scholarship". The British exchange student was murdered there three years ago, and now Perugia Mayor Wladimiro Boccali has announced the plan on the third anniversary of her murder. He said: "Meredith Kercher was here, our guest, to study and we want to remember her as a young student. "I think Meredith should be considered one of us and, as such, she should find a place in the city's shared memory, with a thought also for her devastated family. "Perugia wants a tangible sign to remain of her time here." Three people have been convicted of Meredith's murder, which allegedly took place while she was being sexually assaulted. Kercher's American flatmate Amanda Knox and Knox's former Italian boyfriend Raffaele Sollecito are appealing against 26-year and 25-year prison terms respectively. Ivory Coast native Rudy Guede is appealing against a 16-year term after his sentence was reduced from 30 years in the first appeal as part of a separate fast-track procedure. Seattle-born Knox has many supporters in her American homeland who say she is the innocent victim of a miscarriage of justice. Last week Kercher's family said that a film about the British exchange student's murder was a "horrible thought" - with two productions being developed. Shooting has just started in central Italy on the first, a made-for-TV US film focusing on Knox, entitled The Amanda Knox Story. It features rising star Hayden Panettiere playing Knox, whose good looks led to her frequently being called 'foxy Knoxy'. The other planned movie is a British picture by Michael Winterbottom reportedly featuring Colin Firth as an investigative reporter.


