Croatia has gone up five places since last year in the World Bank's "ease of doing business" ranking that includes 183 countries around the globe. The recently published "Doing Business 2011" (DB 2011) report puts Croatia at 84th place, up five spots from last year's 89th. The report singles out Croatia as one of the 10 leading reformers or countries that have done the most to create favourable regulatory frameworks for business over the past five years. Amongst others the list also includes Georgia, Rwanda, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Kirghistan. According to the report, the top five countries in terms of the ease of doing business are Singapore, Hong Kong/China, New Zealand, United Kingdom, USA. The worst are Guinea, Eritrea, Burundi, Central African Republic and Chad. The "DB 2011" report is the eight annual report that ranks countries according to procedures that regulate different phases of doing business such as obtaining construction permits, registering property and access to loans. The report adds that Croatia has improved business start-up by introducing the electronic submission of court petitions. It has also streamlined construction permit procedures, leading to shorter waiting times. The deputy chairman of the Croatian Employers Association (HUP) Bernard Jakelic said that the report focuses on starting of a new businesses, but not relevant segments of the economy, "Every piece good news is welcome. I believe that this is a good signal to investors to come to Croatia, but we must not forget that they - when making a decision to invest in our country -are also using a whole list of other sources, for example agency ratings or they themselves do in-depth surveys which can have different results," Jakelic warned. Jakelic added that despite the good signals, Croatia faces much more work in order to become a more competitive economy, the portal Business writes.  He singled out that the reform of the rigid labour legislation and the large state administration should be smaller and more efficient.


