Rapid Vienna bosses have dismissed claims they have already started talks with Blackburn Rovers over a transfer of Nikica Jelavic. British sports press reported recently that the Croatian striker had been targeted by Rovers boss Sam Allardyce. They claimed the former Newcastle United manager considered the 24-year-old as a potential striking partner of fellow Croat Nikola Kalinic who joined the Premiership club last year. But Rapid executive manager Alfred H rtnagl stressed today (Mon): "We know of the alleged interest through the press. There have been no negotiations whatsoever." Speaking to online sports daily LaOla1, the former FC Tirol midfielder pointed out that Rapid - who finished the season in third - want to keep Jelavic. Fans fear that the club will be unable to resist the alleged five-million-Euro offer from foreign clubs for the 24-year-old national team star, Austrian Times has reported. Rapid supporters were dealt a massive blow ahead of the 2009/2010 season when both the team's best strikers jumped ship shortly before the end of the summer transfer window. Erwin Hoffer joined SSC Napoli, while Stefan Maierhofer signed with Wolverhampton Wanderers. The duo scored 50 league goals between them in one season, but are now eyeing the possibility of leaving their clubs after failing to make the starting elevens. Jelavic only played sporadically for Rapid after joining the team of Peter Pacult around two years ago, but became a key player after Hoffer and Maierhofer left the club. The former Zulte Waregem star netted 18 league goals in the past season and raised international interest with strong performances in the Europa League. "It's hard to say from today's point of view what's up next," H rtnagl admitted speaking about the striker's situation. He revealed: "I have to say we received several offers during the winter break. Nikica recently promised us he wanted to fully focus on Rapid. It's not as if he expressed his desperate ambition to leave - so we won't press on with it." H rtnagl also announced that the club will not sell Yasin Pehlivan. The up-and-coming midfielder has been targeted by several European clubs. Veli Kavlak is meanwhile expected to leave Rapid for a club in the German Bundesliga. Rapid will play a friendly against Belgium champions RSC Anderlecht in Vienna on 10 July, before the 2010/2011 season of the Austrian Bundesliga kicks off the next weekend. Red Bull Salzburg star Somen Tchoyi is meanwhile linked with English Premier League underdogs West Bromwich. The 27-year-old Cameroonian was surprisingly not nominated for his country's World Cup squad. Austrian sports newspapers claim today Styrian-Canadian businessman Frank Stronach considered withdrawing from his involvement in Magna Wiener Neustadt, the Bundesliga club he owns and finances.


