An estimated 887 square kilometers of land in Croatia is thought to still contain mines, presenting yet another hurdle to overcome on Croatia's way to EU accession. The situation is much better than in 1999 when there were 6,000 kilometers suspected of having been mined. Since then Croatia has cleared up 5,093 square kilometers (almost one tenth of area of the entire state), but the most problematic fact is that some 70.1 square kilometers of border areas remain mined. The areas in question are located on the borders with Bosnia and Herzegovina (55.1 square kilometers), Hungary (9.7 square kilometers), Serbia (3.3 square kilometers) and Montenegro (2 kilometers squared). The slowest de-mining process is on the border with Bosnia. Hungary is starting to complain more after waiting patiently for 10 years. Realizing the expenses involved in the de-mining process they are offering their help to Croatia. The EU, however, has not considered the problem in great details and the funds for de-mining, so a way to transfer some money from other funds for similar purposes should be found, the Croatian daily Jutarnji List writes. The border between Croatia and Montenegro is the smallest contaminated area, with two square kilometers. The countries plan to use European Commission funds to clear it up in 2010. Croatia reassures the EU that it will, regardless of the mines, successfully carry out its obligations towards Schengen standards. Surveying national borders is not a problem, because the areas under suspicion of having been minded are observed with other technologies. Considering that for the past 15 years Croatia has been systematically de-mining, it is one of the most competent countries in the world in regards to this activity. The National Mine Action Programme, adopted in 2009 by Parliament, states that the mine problem should be solved in its entirety by 2019. The priorities for this year are lands around inhabited houses and infrastructural objects.  Agricultural surfaces should be cleared up by 2014. The Plan is expected to cost around 1.1 billion kunas (151 million Euros).


