Protection of human rights in the Western Balkans lags behind aspirations for European integration, Human Rights Watch said yesterday (Thurs). In its World Report 2010, Human Rights Watch documents human rights conditions and issues in Bosnia-Herzegovina, Croatia, Serbia, and Kosovo. The report highlights mixed progress in the region on war crimes accountability and abuses against ethnic minorities, as well as obstacles to the return of displaced persons in the region and problems in individual countries. Wanda Troszczynska-van Genderen, a western Balkans researcher at Human Rights Watch said: "If governments in the Balkans are serious about European integration, they need to give greater priority to human rights. That includes Croatia, a country considered to be the closest to becoming an EU member, which has a lot more to do to meet European standards." The 612-page report, the organization's 20th annual review of human rights practices around the globe, summarizes major human rights trends in more than 90 nations and territories worldwide, reflecting the extensive investigative work carried out in 2009 by Human Rights Watch staff. Accountability for war crimes is a key issue across the region, the World Report says, both in countries' cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and in domestic war-crimes prosecutions. Human Rights Watch expressed concerns about harassment of human rights defenders and independent journalists throughout the region. The forms of harassment ranged from anonymous and public threats to restrictions on holding public events to criminal and civil libel suits against activists. Troszczynska-van Genderen added: "Authorities throughout the region need to affirm their commitment to human rights and free expression and make clear that they will not tolerate the harassment of human rights defenders and journalists." Other specific concerns identified in the World Report include weakness in Croatia's asylum system, including an extremely-low recognition rate of refugees and routine detention of asylum seekers.


