It may look like the new easyJet super-budget class. But skydiver Paul Steiner pulled off a breathtaking stunt when he somersaulted from the wing of one glider to another - more then 6,000 ft above the ground at 100 mph. First Steiner opened the cockpit of one Blanik L-13 aircraft and climbed to the edge of the wing, where flipped over to the underside. Then he jumped form one glider to another Blanik gliding and inched into the fuselage as the planes came into mirror formation. At one point the pilots - flying only on air currents - were less than a metre apart as Steiner inched them together with radio instructions. Finallly, Steiner - a member of the Red Bull skydiving team - stood up on one plane while hanging onto the tail fin of the other before hurling himself to earth and pulling his parachute rip cord. "This was an incredible stunt that has not been done ever before," he said after landing. "I guess it looked pretty smooth but nothing ever goes always according to plan - I actually had to wait several minutes looking onto the outside of the plane until the second plane was in position. It was pretty difficult," he added. The whole stunt took more than a year to plan and execute, with intensive training not just for the parachutist but also for the two pilots - for whom a slight change in wind conditions could have meant both planes crashing together. And if Steiner had slipped as he climbed from the cockpit he would have been smashed against the tail fins of the plane. Steiner who has more than 3,000 jumps and extreme sports actions to his name said: "I wouldn't recommend it for a beginner." He practised with his balloon flight loving girlfriend Heidrun Prosch - usually taking off with her but always landing under his own steam. He said: "As long as I am fit enough i want to carry on - it's like an addiction." "It was an astonishing feat and even with a parachute it could have gone badly wrong if he'd slipped during the switch," said one fan after viewing the footage of the stunt on YouTube.


