The Neo-Nazi mastermind behind the theft of the notorious sign above the entrance to the Auschwitz death camp is to be extradited to Poland to face charges this week, say prosecutors. Swedish far right supporter Anders Hogstrom has run out of time to enter an appeal against extradition procedures launched by Polish authorities over the theft of the 'Arbeit Macht Frei' sign four months ago. Yesterday (Tuesday) Swedish prosecutors confirmed that Hogstrom's appeal deadline expired on April 1 and Polish authorities now have until April 10 to bring him back to Warsaw to face charges. "He hasn't appealed, so the decision has been final since April 1," said head Swedish prosecutor Agnetha Hilding Qvarnstrom. "According to the law, the Polish authorities have 10 days to come and get him, so April 10 is the last day they can come and get him. "We will keep him here in Stockholm until they come. But I can confirm that he's still in Stockholm," she added. Reports suggested that a British collector of Nazi memorabilia had commissioned Hogstrom for the theft, but prosecutors have not yet confirmed this. Hogstrom, 34, was arrested on February 11 over the theft of the concentration camp's 'Work Will Set You Free' sign which disappeared on December 18 from above the gate of the Nazi death camp in German occupied Poland. In 1994 he founded the National Socialist Front, a Swedish neo-Nazi movement he headed for five years before quitting. He told Swedish media he was a middle man and was supposed to pass on the sign to a buyer, but claimed that he secretly blew the whistle on the plot. Polish police recovered the 16ft metal sign on December 20, two days after the theft. They arrested and charged five local men. Three were convicted of stealing the sign and were given prison sentences of between 18 months and two and a half years. Two others are being held on remand awaiting Hogstrom's extradition before their trial can continue, say prosecutors. The sign, which had been cut into three parts, was returned by investigators to the Auschwitz museum on January 21, less than a week before commemorations marking the 65th anniversary of the camp's liberation by Russian troops. The sign has long symbolised the horror of the camp where some 1.1 million people - one million of them Jews - were victims of German genocide from 1940 to 1945.


