Croatians could lose seven billion kunas (974 million Euros) this and next year because of government austerity measures, the main opposition Social Democratic Party (SDP) has warned. The SDP's economic strategist Branko Grcic said that instead of recovering, the Croatian economy could sink further into recession. The government says that by abolishing the lower crisis tax (of two per cent) starting in July could give citizens back some 450 million kunas (62.5 million Euros).  The further elimination of the higher bracket of four per cent in November could add an additional 260 million kunas (36.1 million Euros). The mini-tax reform starting in July which replaces the current three-bracket system with four - of 15, 25, 35 and 45 per cent - could give citizens some 800 million kunas (111.2 million Euros) this year and twice as much the next. But the current application of the crisis tax this year has decreased the citizens' available income by 2.2 billion kunas (306 million Euros), while the VAT increase from last year took an additional 1.6 bilion kunas (222.5 billion Euros). The calculation also shows that the expected removal of certain tax relief will affect citizens by 240 million kunas (33.1 million Euros), an amount expected to double next year. Cuts to unemployment benefit, a reduction of privileged pensions, and penalties for early retirement will result in more than 600 million kunas (83.5 million Euros) less in the citizens' pockets, Grcic warned, adding the amount could double next year. The overall effect of the government's measures on citizens would be negative by around seven billion kunas in the next two years, the SDP economists contend. On the other hand, the measures could result in an additional 7.4 billion kunas (one billion Euros) for the state.  At the same time, because of the government's efforts to solve the problems of liquidity and because of the income tax changes, the state cash register could lose as much as six billion kunas (835 million Euros), which would result in one billion kunas (139 billion Euros) net benefit, the Croatian daily Jutarnji List reports. Next year's budget could receive an additional 5 billion kunas (695 million Euros) more, while it could at the same time lose 1.6 billion kunas (222.5 million Euros).


