Croatia is one of the few countries in the region that will not be leaving the recession behind this year, the World Bank has confirmed in its latest Eastern Europe and Central Asia (ECA) report that looks at 30 states. With a GDP drop of 1.5 per cent year, Croatia is in the same boat as Kyrgyzstan, Romania and Latvia, the only other states that will not be experiencing growth this year. World Bank has warned the countries that are lagging behind the region in stabilizing their public finances and improving their business climate. Chief Economist of the Europe and Central Asia Region of the World Bank Indermit Gill said that Croatia's weakest links are high social spending compared to GDP, high foreign debt and insufficient foreign investment. He is however more optimistic when it comes to mid-term predictions. Thanks to a speedy growth in Poland, Russia and Turkey, the ECA region will have an average growth of 3.9 per cent, an encouraging fact considering last year's bleak results or a drop of 5.1 per cent. Although solid, the recovery of the region is still lagging behind other parts of the world. In Latin America, for example, they expect a five per cent growth while Asia is expecting nine percent. The long-term fate of the region is still uncertain as it largely depends on the recovery of Western Europe - the main market for ECA exports.  In addition, the tempo of the recovery is not sufficient for ensuring new jobs and a drop in unemployment which continues to grow in many places, the daily Jutarnji List writes. The vice-president for Europe and Central Asia. Philippe Le Houreau said that this slow and painful recovery is most felt by the many families who are barely making the ends meet. If the recovery continues at this tempo, Le Horeau predicts that the labour market in the region will not return to the pre-crisis levels until 2012.  In order to speed up the recovery, the governments the region are encouraged to improve the businesses environment and attract more foreign investments in order to increase the growth. They are also warned to make efficient use of the public spending.  They must ensure that the poorest get what they need.


