Austrian legal officials said a trial against the best friend of Natascha Kampusch's kidnapper Wolfgang Priklopil will take place next month. Ernst Holzapfel, who ran a flat-renovation business with Priklopil, is charged with obstruction of justice. He was the last person to see Priklopil alive before he committed suicide beneath the wheels of a train on 23 August 2006 when his prisoner of eight years made her break for freedom. Holzapfel claimed speaking to investigators that Priklopil had never told him about the kidnapping. He however later on admitted that his sick mate had poured out his heart about the kidnapping on the day he died. Holzapfel told police: "Priklopil urged me to meet him at the Donauzentrum (shopping centre in Vienna) that day. When I got there, he asked me to get into his car quickly and to switch off my mobile so we could talk undisturbed. "Priklopil claimed he drunkenly sped off from a police traffic check. I tried to calm him down by talking business and eventually appealed to him to hand himself in. I knew him as a serious person, so I was convinced he would do so." Priklopil killed himself hours later by jumping in front of a train. Kampusch fled his estate hours earlier on the same day. He had kept her in a self-made dungeon cellar for more than eight years after being snatched off the road on her way to school in Vienna at the age of 10. Austrian authorities ended investigations of the case in January after they were restarted last year in order to clarify claims police had not thoroughly checked on tip-offs that could have led to kidnapper Priklopil. Prosecutors meanwhile said they could rule out that Priklopil had accomplices. Kampusch lives in Vienna today. She recently publicly backed animal rights organisation PETA and revealed she has become a vegetarian. The 21-year-old is currently working on her autobiography 3,096 Tage (3,096 Days) set for a release this September. German producer Bernd Eichinger - whose movie Der Untergang (Downfall) about the last days of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler caused controversy in 2004 - meanwhile revealed he has been cooperating with Kampusch over turning the story of her life into a film.


