An IT Association with the Croatian Chamber of Commerce (HGK) has expressed its strong opposition to recent proposal to introduce a new tax bracket of 50 per cent on incomes over 25,000 kunas (3,441 Euros). They argue that the government's support of the proposal would discourage those citizens who deserve, because of their skills, work excellence and knowledge, to earn more. Trade unions have supported the proposal made last week by the Croatian Social Liberal Party head Darinko Kosor, while the Croatian Employers Associations has vehemently opposed it. In the Croatian Chamber of Commerce they argue that implementation of this tax bracket would lead to the loss of highly valued workplaces in the IT industry and the cessation of developments based on IT knowledge. The Council of the IT Associations believes that the high tax bracket would lead to a cessation of foreign companies' investing in Croatia. Because of increased salary expenses, foreign companies operating in Croatia would move their offices to countries where it would be easier - and less expensive - to operate. That way, they argue, Croatia would lose income taxes from these companies' workers, but also the high-tech knowledge needed for the improvement of other industry branches. They also believe the new tax bracket would contribute to an exodus of domestic IT companies, especially those dedicated to software development for which the main costs are those associated with labour. This labour would be much cheaper in countries like Serbia and Macedonia, whose cadre does not lag behind Croatia's. The Association believes that people who contribute to their countries and their firms deserve to be appropriately rewarded. The association says that if that doesn't happen a decrease in state's tax income can be expected with the introduction of the new tax bracket because of the expansion of the grey economy, brain drain and cessation of development of Croatian IT industry but also of the other linked industries.


