Most Croatians have more faith in themselves or God when it comes to getting out of the financial crisis than they do in the government's new economic recovery measures, research shows. Up to 72 percent of Croatians said they do not believe in the government's new measures, and 68 percent don't have faith in unions. Consequently, every third Croatian said they cannot identify a person or institution capable of getting the country out of the crisis, the Croatian daily Jutarnji List writes. The favourite person is still Zeljko Rohatinski, the Governor of Croatia's National Bank. Maruska Vizek from the Zagreb Economic Institute said that the crisis has also permanently altered Croatian's spending habits, leading to long-lasting consequences. "Crisis harms economies permanently. After the crisis, economies no longer return to the same growth paths as before and purchasing power is permanently reduced." "The crisis has permanently changed people's habits so now those with smaller incomes are saving and spending even less." Vizek warns of another possible trend linked to the inevitable rise in interest rates which are currently at their lowest. "That will be a problem for those merchants whose products are bought on credit, like automobiles," Vizek said. According to an investigation by market research company GfK, purchasing power in Croatia is currently at 40 percent of the European average. After the basic food and utility expenses are met, what remains is around 35,000 kunas (4,816 Euros) per year. Tatjana Rajkovic, the director of Gfk's market research said: "Out of 40 countries, Croatia is number 27 in Europe based on purchasing power." The European average is 11,500 Euros per year, Slovenian 10,600 Euros and Croatian 4,650. Different segments of society have been affected differently by the crisis. Some 18 per cent of Croatian can barely make ends meet, 57 per cent have a more difficult life but still relatively normal, while 25 per cent has not yet felt the crisis. Those that are affected are now saving on things like seasonal renewal of wardrobe, travel, personal car, cosmetic treatments and outings. For most Croatians, it is easiest to cut down on their phoning, purchases of clothing and shoes, going out for food and drinks, books, newspapers, CDs and games. The hardest things to give up are things for children, food and drinks at home, cigarettes and makeup.


