By Ivana Kovacic For all those who've had enough of the overpriced, impersonal and claustrophobic hotel rooms, inZagreb has a fantastic solution - short term apartment rent. Also called serviced apartments, as they offer full service including cleaning, bedding and towels, food basics, transfers etc, short term rental is an excellent option for anyone looking for cozy, centrally located accommodation. What makes inZagreb's offer so different from a hotel is not only the cosiness of the apartments, but also their unique approach - the guests have a 'homely' treatment that no hotel can offer. As the slogan of one of inZagreb's best short term renters puts it: HOTELS ARE FOR SLEEPING, APARTMENTS ARE FOR LIVING. And this is so true. Each apartment is different and has a real character that extends throughout the rooms, decorations and the colour scheme. InZagreb apartments also permit the 'ghosts' of the previous guests to remain. People leave books behind and recommendations of restaurants that are "off the beaten track" which makes you feel that you have joined a small community. When you arrive late on a Sunday night you know that there will be some fruit, tea and coffee or even a lovely bottle of wine waiting for you. Lisa Cowey, a frequent guests at inZagreb apartments points out that apartments have so much advantage over hotels. She has travelled to Zagreb many times engaged on different projects. "When I came back to Zagreb in Autumn 2008, I invited friends from the new project to come and join me for dinner," says Lisa. We were 8 people altogether, sharing the cooking and joking around the table. We cooked with local in-season vegetables from the market. Friends brought cakes and dessert from the local shops. We stayed up and talked late. You cannot do this is in a faceless hotel room." Business travellers and those on holiday have realised that staying in an apartment offers a "degree of freedom" that is not available in a hotel. InZagreb works with a number of companies, embassies and institutions whose employees, consultants and guests prefer this type of accommodation to a hotel. In a hotel there is only a room with a bathroom and the cost is much higher than the apartment rental where you have freedom, privacy and feel like at home. Ivana and Ksandro who run InZagreb apartments have done their best to furnish the apartments nicely, giving them an additional touch through lively pictures and little details, plants and decorations. All the apartments are well equipped with kitchen utensils, a dishwasher, microwave, toaster, kettle, coffee machine. They also have satellite or max TV,  radio-buzzer, CD/DVD player with a collection of CD-s for every apartment, iron and ironing board, hair-dryer and washing machine. All apartments are air-conditioned and have central heating. The guests like to be informed on current events in the city so in the apartments they'll find a small stand with a map of Zagreb, weather forecast, monthly city guide, brochures on Croatia, tips for restaurants and shops etc. Ivana is a licensed city guide so she can also provide information on various tours and places of interest. For many Zagreb visitors the trip will be their first time and it is quite handy to have a pick-up service. This is something that can also be organised with short term rental. Average airport pick-up service is around 20 EUR and inZagreb provides free Bus and Train station pick-up. "We have regular visitors and guests who work in Zagreb over a longer period of time - we get to know them quite well and recognise their wishes and habits. Quite often we cook for them or go out for coffee together," says Ivana. "I think these moments are enriching for both sides. "The era of mass tourism in terms of huge, impersonal hotels is slowly behind us and we should be working on the quality offer on a different level. I think we need to have a different approach to hotels and concentrate on individual guests and smaller groups spending holidays on households or in the apartments, like here in Zagreb," she says.


