A top Slovak police chief who headed a botched security exercise which led to explosives being put on a flight to Dublin has admitted his officers took two days to tell commanders about the blunder. Tibor Mako, head of the Slovak border police, said today in Poprad, northern Slovakia: "One policeman made a fatal error." He admitted that the policeman had only reported the incident two days after the exercise at Poprad airport on Saturday. But he insisted that Dublin airport officials had been informed by Slovak authorities about the explosives immediately after the incident on Saturday. Slovak officials claim a fax was sent to the airport. Dublin airport bosses deny though receiving any such message. Mako has also claimed that the explosives were not inserted into bags but stuck onto the straps of a rucksack. Observers are now asking how the explosives could have been missed by police and airport staff in Slovakia and at Dublin airport when the baggage was unloaded off the plane. One security expert in the Slovak capital Bratislava said: "Serious questions now have to be asked about how no one managed to see explosives on the straps of a bag. Police and airport staff are supposedly trained to uncover even the best-hidden lethal substances. But in this case it seems they could not even spot explosives strapped to a bag in front of their very eyes." Mako, who has offered his resignation, said that Irish reports that eight passengers had been involved were wrong and that the bags of only two travellers had had explosives put into them. He added: "All similar 'tests' have now been cancelled." The news came just hours after Mako had defended the security exercise - claiming it was "routine" and carried out regularly by security services across the world. "Such checks by dogs for explosives are carried out regularly all over the world so that the dogs know how to find explosives in real surroundings. "We are very sorry that a well-intended effort to test the safety of civilian air transport ended so negatively," he said. And he even said Dublin airport staff should share the blame for not finding the explosives. "Security services at Dublin airport also played their part when they did not find the explosives even when the baggage was clearly identified. Meanwhile, passengers waited almost an hour for their luggage," he said. He added that he understood disciplinary procedures had begun against the police dog-handlers in charge of the animals supposed to find the dogs, adding they had been "negligent" in their duty. Meanwhile local media have claimed that the pilot of the Danube Wings flight from Poprad to Dublin on Saturday had been informed that there were explosives on the flight but had decided to go ahead with the journey. He reportedly decided that there was "no risk" after he was told that the passenger had been part of a "test" by security services and told police that he would deal with the situation when he got to Dublin airport.


