This was the moment that Leona Lewis came face-to-face with Motsi and told fans she found his story un-bear-ably sad Motsi, now aged 7, and his sister Mitzi were captured in the wild and sold to a restaurant at Bancu, near Miercurea Ciuc in Romania as cubs after their mother had been shot. They lived in a tiny cramped cage and were only finally released into a bear sanctuary after a campaign by the World Society for the Protection of Animals (WSPA). Leona lewis came face-to-face with the bears after she devoted the last two days of her trip after her European Tour to spending time with the abused bears, which were saved from a life of torture as tourist attractions. And the animal lover, who is a staunch vegetarian, was full of praise for WSPA officials for providing such good care. She says, "When I heard about the kind of lives that captive bears suffer around the world, I was shocked. After what they've been through, they can't be released back into the wild. So I asked WSPA if I could visit one of their bear sanctuaries to see for myself how the bears are cared for after they've been rescued." The LiBearty bear sanctuary in Zarnesti, Brasov county, central Romania has 51 bears which have been saved from cages where they were kept for fun throughout Romania. Many of them are old and need medical care, which they receive at LiBearty. They have large spaces to run and even pools to bath. Romanian Cristina Lapis, 55, is the woman who made this bear sanctuary exist together with World Society for the Protection of the Animals (WSPA) in London. The bear sanctuary gathered bears which were kept captives, often since they were cubs, in cages, for the amusement of tourists, at hotels or holiday places. The bear sanctuary has 69 hectares of wood, provided rent free by the local authorities. Cristina Lapis said: "Leona Lewis is clearly a great animal lover and she is supporting WSPA, which is the supporter of our project here. "Leona Lewis has of course supported many campaigns, like the one to save whales and to stop bullfightings, and this year, between two concerts, she chose to support the cause of captive bears in Romania. "She the 25 but has maturity far beyond her years and wants to transmit to the young generation her love for nature and animals, and for preserving the Earth." Taking to her Twitter.com page after her visit to the animal sanctuary, Lewis wrote, "Heading back after my trip to the bear sanctuary! Its (sic ) sooo amazing, the bears are magnificent. After a life of abuse they r finally happy!"


