Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi faces a new scandal after an escort told prosecutors how she was provided with marijuana during 9,000 GBP sex sessions with him, it emerged today (Wednesday). Brunette call-girl Nadia Marci, 28, claims the drugs were flown into the playboy PM's villa by his private jet and left in her apartment at the mansion. Nadia - being quizzed by Italian prosecutors in a prostitution investigation in Palermo, Sicily - told investigators Berlusconi had flown more than two dozen girls into the villa for a private party, reports Italy's Corriere della Sera newspaper. The hookers joined the PM in the swimming pool and took turns to satisfy him, claimed Nadia. And after making love to one, rampant Berlusconi would kiss her goodbye and call out: "Next please!" "There were about 25 escorts. We also found cannabis to smoke in our flats in the villa. It was taken there by the PM's private jet but I don't think he smokes it," said Nadia of the session in Berlusconi's Villa Certosa in Sardinia. "I met the showbusiness agent Lele Mora some years ago and thanks to him I went to Silvio Berlusconi's parties three times. "I have had sex with him twice, once in Sardinia for Easter 2009 and once in Arcore in April 2010. "He gave me 10,000 Euros in total plus some little gifts," Nadia told prosecutors. Prosecutors are investigating claims that agent Lele Mora and the Berlusconi's Channel Four TV editor in chief Emilio Fede secretly ran a VIP prostitution racket. Nadia told them: "The first time I went to the villa of 'the President' in Arcore I had gone first to the journalist Emilio Fede's flat with other escorts. He chose seven of us and then we went to Berlusconi's home all together." Police informant Perla Genovesi had given investigators Nadia's name during questioning over drug trafficking. Nadia says her final session with Berlusconi was in April this year at his villa in Acore. "I managed to have those meetings with Berlusconi thanks to the mayor in Parma who I also had sex with for 500 Euros. "The PM got angry with me because I was drunk and he also told me I talked too much," she explained. Nadia added: "At that party I also saw several VIP,  singers, businessmen and lawyers. But then they went away and we stayed with 'the President' to have sex with him. "He usually said 'next, please!' and sometimes we also stayed in the swimming pool all together where we had sex with him." Nadia also claims she bedded Italy's Public Administration Minister Renato Brunetta twice after he promised to help her with a custody battle over her child. "I had sex with him twice and he gave me jewels, clothes and 300 Euros but then he decided to finish it there," she said.


