British child care organisations and officials have been accused of a catastrophic failure to protect children from poor families in the East from being trafficked to the UK. The claims were made by Norbert Ceipek who runs the Augarten Crisis Centre in Vienna, Austria, which takes care of trafficked children caught by Austrian police. He said the children he was seeing told him the UK was now the number one destination for child beggars because UK officials were not tackling the problem - and because large amounts could be earned on UK streets. According to his sources the number of children being sent to the UK by the Romanian gangs has increased by up to 700 per cent over the past year.  Bad coordination between British NGO's and Police mean that children are landing back in the hands of gangs shortly after being taken by police. His centre in Austria cares for children who have been brought in off the streets, and he was also responsible for setting up a network of 80 children's crisis centres including emergency centres and repatriation centres in Romania. He said he started working with Romanian officials in 2005, adding: "I went there and at the time there was nothing being done about these gangs. But there was a will to get things done and we opened several crisis centres - eventually there were about 80. I went there with my team from Austria and we had professional educators to train the staff in Romania. "We trained psychologists, teachers and social workers who looked after the children professionally. The children were reintegrated and helped back into society." "Children were kept in the centres until it could be established how they ended up in the hands of these gangs, where money changed hands, and what the children's biggest needs were. The children were helped both psychologically and physically." "But over the last year and a half these people have been dismissed - occasionally even being replaced by unqualified staff who are often in league with the gangs themselves. These people are sometimes even cleaners that used to work at the centres. Romania claims it's because of the economic crisis. But as a result all the schemes to educate the children and their families does not happen anymore. The kids are handed back and there is no check on what happens to them - no-one cares. As a result the problem is getting increasingly worse. "That means they go straight back into the hands of the gangs. We are seeing the same kids again and again because nothing is done to stop it happening. It is as if Romania wants to turn a blind eye to it since getting EU membership. That was when they began laying off staff and cutting funding. Once EU membership was obtained there was no will to do anything about it." "The change of government in Romania last year has done little to help the problem. No questions are asked. A large problem comes from the fact that there are few controls over Roma communities. The children do not have to go to school, are often uneducated and are from birth onwards destined to end up in the hands of criminal gangs." "The closure of these centers and replacing qualified staff with unqualified staff has further opened the door for corruption and criminal activity. Less and less controls mean criminal activity is rife." "Romanians turn a blind eye to the problem. The plight of the children is ignored. There are no controls on the children and the organization, therefore problems are ever increasing." He estimates that between 1,300 and 1,500 social workers from the crisis centres have been fired since EU membership. Many of the crisis centres have been closed completely - others are run by untrained amateurs. And he added that the situation in the UK was fuelling the trade. He said: "The kids I am getting off the streets here are telling me that the UK is the number one destination because its all so easy there. Not only are the English citizens such easy targets for the beggar kids - with rich pickings to be had - but that there are also no central organisations who are helping these children to safety. "In London there are so many NGOs that are supposed to be helping but its as if they are in competition with each other. They take the kids for a few days - get the money for looking after them - and then they hand them back to the gang leaders who come and pick them up. There are no controls over who or what they are handed back to. "The Metropolitan Police do what they can but they are also seeing the same kids again and again. "I am trying to get the same organization we have here in Austria set up in the UK but so far nothing has happened." "The Austrian concept works. When children are picked up by police they are brought straight to our centre, we arrange for them to be transferred back to Romania. We then track their well being and make sure they are being looked after in Romania. The problem is that there are no such centres in most European countries." However he says most importantly, "Pressure needs to be put on Romanian officials to tackle this problem. It is the children who are suffering most. They are in a vicious circle that they cannot escape. Without intervention the children will inevitably fall back into the hands of these criminal gangs and end back on the streets of many western European countries."


