Italian journalists are holding a strike on Friday to protest the government's controversial bill to limit news coverage of criminal probes that involve police wiretaps and curb investigators' electronic eavesdropping powers. Print reporters won't show up to work on Friday, meaning no papers will be on sale on Saturday. News agencies along with television, radio and news website staff will also hold a "day of silence," journalists' union FNSI announced. A total 57 percent of Italians surveyed in a Sky News poll on Thursday said media was right to strike over the wire tap bill, while 49 percent opposed the strike. Italy's prime minister Silvio Berlusconi (photo) argues that in Italy, one of the most bugged countries in Europe, publication of phone intercepts and bugged conversations before suspects have been formally charged, prejudices their case. Under the bill, investigators must get a wiretap warrant from a three-judge panel, instead of one judge previously. Electronic eavesdropping would be limited to 75 days from as much as 18 months currently. Journalists would risk prison and publishers could be fined as much as 465,000 euros for reporting the content of wiretaps before suspects had been charged. When an investigator wants to eavesdrop on priests the Vatican must be informed. Special permission also must be granted to tap conversations of members of parliament. Police, prosecutors, journalists, publishers and opposition parties say the law goes too far and would hinder investigations and the media's freedom to report on issues of public interest. "What is at stake is not only journalists' individual freedom, which is a fundamental right, but also the freedom of Italian citizens," opposition Democratic Party senator Vannino Chiti," told Sky's "A Coffee With" programme on Thursday. The bill, dubbed the "gag law" by its critics, was passed in the Senate on 10 June . It is due to be debated in Italy's lower house of parliament or Chamber of Deputies on 29 July. Berlusconi had hoped to turn the bill into law before parliament breaks up in August for the summer recess.


