Slovenia has jumped nine places in tourism competitiveness in the last two years to 35, coming just behind Croatia. Croatia meanwhile climbed only four places, according to the latest research by World Economic Forum that looks at prices and offers in the travel and tourism sector. Croatian daily Jutarnji List reports that Croatia's 34th place is admirable given that the research covered 133 countries from around the world. But considering that the first three places have been held for years by Switzerland, Austria and Germany - countries that do not have a sea - the situation is worrisome, the paper says. Hungary, which has neither sea nor mountains like Austria and Switzerland, is only three places below Croatia. Tourism forms 12 percent of Slovenia's GDP, a negligible 0.5 percent less than in Croatia. Numbers suggest that Croatia's offers must match the prices (or vice versa) if the country is to keep its old guests and attract new. The Tourism Competitiveness Index measures success of certain countries in the travel and tourism sector. It is divided into three categories that take into consideration legislative regulations, environment for business development and the quality of human resources together with the wealth of cultural and national assets. "The Index is not based on beauty competition nor is it a mirror of attractiveness of certain countries. The goal is to measure the factors that encourage development of travel and tourism industries in certain countries," said Jennifer Blanke, economist at the World Economic Forum. Croatia was rated well in terms of tourism infrastructure, but the report mentions a lack of professional personnel and air traffic connections. The biggest criticism came in terms of price competitiveness.  More simply, prices are too high for the quality of offers. "In turbulent times of global economic crisis, tourists will become even more cautious about planning their expenses and choosing destinations. Because of that Croatia must work harder on the price competitiveness of tourism offers in order to keep the old and attract new guests" the National Competitiveness Council said. Some of Croatia's direct rivals like Cyprus have climbed three places since last year to 21st and Montenegro is up to 52nd from 59th place last year. The ten highest-rated destinations are Switzerland, Austria, Germany, France, Canada, Spain, Sweden, United States, Australia and Singapore.


