Austrian kidnap victim Natascha Kampusch will speak tonight (Mon) of her desire to meet the mother of her kidnapper for the first time. She will be speaking as she accompanies TV cameras for the first broadcast from the cellar dungeon she escaped from almost three and a half years ago. Kidnapper Wolfgang Priklopil killed himself in the hours following Natascha's escape in August 2006. Since then she has had difficulty adjusting to normal life. And now she talks of how she wants to meet Priklopil's mother Waltraud, 67, who was a frequent visitor to the house where she was a prisoner on the outskirts of Vienna during the eight and a half years she was trapped. Although allowed to roam the house when no-one else was there, Natascha, now 21, was always bundled back into the sound-proofed dungeon when Priklopil's mother or others came calling. Yet despite the abuse, she still carries a photograph of her abductor around with her at all times, has bought the house where she was held captive and recently also purchased Priklopil's powerful BMW car. Natascha, whose feelings for Priklopil bordered on a perverse kind of love the older she grew, will appear on TV tonight (Monday) to talk about the difficulties she has faced since freeing herself. "I live in an almost completely withdrawn way in Vienna and almost never go out in public," she says on the documentary being screened by the NDR company in Germany and ATV in Austria. It is on the same programme that she announces her plans to meet with Mrs Priklopil, saying: "Within the next two months we have arranged to make contact." She also says that she remains uncertain what to do with the house where she spent the formative years of her life - from the age of 10, when she was kidnapped on the way to school in 1998, to 18. "But if I choose to sell it, I will make certain that the cellar is filled in," she added. Police have recently said the man who kidnapped Natascha Kampusch and held her captive for eight years acted alone. Police abandoned their theory that Wolfgang Priklopil had help when he snatched the ten-year-old in 1998 and imprisoned her in a cramped cell at his home. Priklopil killed himself hours after she escaped in August 2006. Prosecutor Thomas Muehlbacher said there were no indications that Priklopil, who snatched Kampusch in the Vienna district of Donaustadt and drove her 12 miles to his home in the town of Strasshof an der Nordbahn, knew his victim or anyone in her surroundings.


