German European Coastal Airlines is working on a project to connect the Croatian mainland to its islands with hydroplanes, from Dubrovnik in Dalmatia to Pula in Istria. The project, worth 33 million Euros, is a joint venture between the company and its partners Roder Prazision from Frankfurt and Aqua-Project-Group from Berlin. The companies are currently negotiating with a German bank regarding financing and the Croatian government regarding concessions, ECA's general director Klaus Dieter Martin said. The headquarters would be at the Divulje air base in Split if the Croatian government approves the undertaking.  The project has the support of local authorities. "All of the pontoons will be built in Croatia and this project could bring in a big benefit, not only for Croatian tourism but for the economy in general," Martin said. "During the first phase of the project we plan to hire 125 Croatian workers, starting with services in ten locations: Split, Dubrovnik, Hvar, Korcula in the south and Pula, Rijeka, Zadar, Mali Losinj, Rab in the north, as well as providing a direct connection from Zagreb with islands," he added. The services are expected to start in May 2011, initially using six hydroplanes. The project could have various economic benefits, says Martin, since there is already an interest in cooperation from the German Automobile Club (ADAC), two Italian tour operators are interested in bringing more than 145,000 Italian tourists to Croatian shores, and business people from Italy, for whom it is currently easier to go to Egypt than to Zadar, would also use the services for their needs. The availability of hydroplanes would make transport from the islands to the hospitals on land quicker. "In the long-term, this project enables the creation of new jobs on Croatia's islands, and air connections will not be a plus just for tourists but also the local population who, should it receive certain government subsidies, could travel from Split to Hvar for only 15 to 18 Euros," Martin said.


