Western drug companies are facing criminal charges in Germany after it was alleged they paid millions of pounds to get doctors in communist East Germany to test experimental new medicines on patients. Newly discovered archive material shows that the secret medical tests were carried out without the patient's knowledge when doctors were ordered to prescribe the pills and then record the results. The tests were carried out in hospitals all over the country with doctors involved rewarded for their assistance by research trips to the West. The paperwork shows that in some cases the human guinea pigs even died or suffered serious side-effects. The tests were apparently carried out with the full support of the East German government led by Erich Honecker which continued right up until the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989, and secretly cashed millions of Deutschmarks from the scheme. "Whether remedies for angina, depression, diabetes, high blood pressure, heart problems - companies from West Germany, France, Denmark and Switzerland sent almost everything to the East," revealed Dr. Ulrich Moebius (72) who together with other physicians wrote a secret report on the practice that has only now been revealed. Hospital doctors all over the communist GDR - the German Democratic Republic - including the university hospitals of Jena and Leipzig, Charit  in Berlin, the Bernburg psychiatric hospital and the Medical Academy of Magdeburg eagerly gave their patients the medications, it claims. "The doctors were willing to take part in this practice because they were rewarded with trips to the West," said Dr. Moebius. It highlighted several cases such as during testing of Ramipril, a drug for treating high blood pressure, one patient died on August 4, 1989. Another died during a study in Magdeburg on Citicoline, which prevents stroke recurrence. One woman from Plauen was administered the antidepressant Brofaromin without her knowledge. "She got worse instead of better," recalled her daughter. So far there has been no reaction from the pharmaceutical companies involved. A spokeswoman for Schering (now Bayer Schering Pharma) would only say: "We are not aware of the allegations."


