The daughter of murdered former model Eva Rhodes has been dragged from the trial of her mother's killer after accusing the court of shielding the real murderers. Ms Rhodes was clubbed senseless at her remote animal refuge in Hungary by odd job man Csaba Augusztinyi who then burned her alive and buried her remains. But her daughter Sophie Barta - whose mother was a pal of Beatle John Lennon and Yoko Ono - infuriated judges at the caretaker's trial by insisting that an official cover-up had let his accomplices cheat justice. Judge Fernec Koszler yesterday (Wednesday) fined her 1,000 GBP for interrupting the trial at Gyor-Moson-Sopron County court. Ms Barta submitted an application of no confidence in the proceedings because the prosecuting case relies entirely on Augusztinyi's confession to have acted alone. Her lawyer Laszlo Helmeczy explained: "My client submitted a no-confidence provision because the court has not questioned the validity of his confession. "She thinks that there are several circumstances that make the validity and the truthfulness of the confession questionable." Ms Barta claims that the caretaker would never have been able to move her mother's body without help and parts of her body have still not been found. Defence lawyers claim Augusztinyi only killed Ms Rhodes in a fit of anger while provoked in a row over his wages and should not be facing a murder charge. Judges adjourned the hearing until May 13 when the court will return a verdict. Ms Rhodes family has accused Hungarian authorities of stage managing a "scandalous cover up" over her killing. Her Puss in Boots animal refuge - funded in part by a gift from Yoko Ono - had infuriated local farmers and led to frequent clashes with police. Her sister Judith Majlath said: "There are huge holes, abuses in this case and it seems that no one in authority wants justice done or the truth of what happened to Eva to be known." "One has to ask why they don't want the truth known or us raising awkward questions about the involvement of others in this horrific murder and scandalous cover-up. 'What is taking place in court is a mockery, it is not a murder trial, it is a circus," she added.


