Various Croatian organizations in the United States have sent an open letter to the Croatian Times in aim to rally support for cardinal Vinko Puljic in Sarajevo, the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina. "We are deeply saddened and appalled by the November 2, 2010 decision of the Sarajevo County court that ordered the eviction of Vinko Cardinal Pulji  and his staff from a section of the Vrhbosna Archdiocesan residence in Sarajevo", it says in the letter signed by representatives of Alliance of Croats of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatian Franciscan Custody, Croatian Academy of America and Croatian Radio Club, New York. The following is the history of the case as they see it: "The building that houses the seat and living quarters of the Archbishop of Vrhbosna was erected in the centre of the city of Sarajevo in 1895. In 1972, the communist regime simply took over a part of the building, turned it into an apartment and moved in Fadil and Emina Smajovi , both agents of the UDBA, the infamous Yugoslav communist secret police. Their job was to keep an eye on comings and goings at the Archbishop's home and office and, by means of a secret listening device, to record what was being said at the Archbishop's residence. In 1992, when the communist regime collapsed and the building was bombed, the Smajovi  couple, as active agents of the collapsing communist regime, ran from the city. First they went to Vojvodina (now a province of Serbia), then to Istria (a province of Croatia), and finally Canada provided a home for the former communist agents. Meanwhile, the Archdiocese moved back into the part that had been taken over and used by the UDBA (but never legally nationalized by the communist regime). In 1997, Fadil undertook legal action to regain control of the part of the Archdiocesan building that he used as an UDBA agent, claiming that he was deprived of his own apartment. But he died when travelling from Canada to Sarajevo for the court hearing. However, his wife Emina (whose code name as UDBA agent was "Tamara" and lives in Canada) continued to claim the legal right to "her apartment" in Sarajevo. The Archdiocese wanted to settle the issue out of court and even offered to buy her an apartment in the city if she stopped the legal process, but she refused. The appalling truth is that Sarajevo courts keep taking her side and continue to rule in her favour. The latest such shameful decision was passed on November 2, 2010 that ordered the eviction of Cardinal Puljic by November 17, 2010 from a part of his residence, so that the former communist watchdogs and usurpers of church property may take possession of "their apartment." The latest, as well as the previous court decisions in this case, show much more than blatant injustice. It sends a clear but malevolent message to the Catholic Church, its leaders and the faithful, as well as to all Croatians in Bosnia and Herzegovina, especially those who live in Sarajevo. If this can be done to the Catholic Church in Bosnia and Herzegovina, one can imagine what can be done, and is being done, to individuals. "We, therefore, protest against this and similar discriminatory judgements that are being passed by the courts in Bosnia and Herzegovina, which reflect the general atmosphere in the country, especially in Sarajevo. We also ask you to join us in condemning this and similar court actions, and to use your personal and office influence to put pressure on the Sarajevo power holders to prevent the eviction of Cardinal Puljic from a part of his residence. This and similar prejudicial decisions are helping to push this unstable country over the point of no return", it says in the open letter sent to Croatian Times.


