The latest European Commission report has highlighted the progress that Croatia has made on its way to joining the European Union, but has also pointed out the areas that need further improvement if the country is to successfully complete the process. Croatian daily Jutarnji list highlights some of the progress as well as the areas that require more work. The freedom of expression, including the freedom and diversity of the media is generally well protected, even though journalists and editors continue to face political pressure. A limited progress has been made in investigations of attacks on journalists who are investigating organized crime, with the exception of the case of Ivo Pukanic and Niko Franic's, which has been recently concluded in court. Contrary to the freedom of competition, the state continues to support Croatian Radio Television which the reports sees as harmful to liberalization of services and the development of the sector. It acknowledges, however, the progress being made in the production and broadcasting of programmes in languages of national minorities. The process of attaining free legal help is still complicated and not frequently successful,  especially for poor citizens. Certain progress has been made in the penitentiary system, but prisons continue to be overcrowded and lacking adequate health care.  The average occupancy is between 150 and 160 per cent. Certain progress in the area of women's rights and gender equality has been achieved, but there is also an increase in the number of cases of domestic violence. The status of women on the labour market has not changed significantly and women are still badly represented in political and economic decision making bodies. The implementation of anti-discrimination laws has started, but neither the authorities nor citizens have enough information, so only a small number of complaints end up in court. There is limited progress in children's rights, and there sill exist cases of violence in schools that are not appropriately addressed by the relevant authorities. There was also some progress made regarding the rights of people with disabilities. Significant progress has been accomplished in the area of migrants' rights, the process of asylum and political visas. The focus now must be shifted towards integration of people who have been granted these protections, the report states. Further efforts are necessary to strengthen the independence and the sustainability of non-governmental organizations. Together with the praise about the significant progress in the privatization and restructuring of the shipyards, the EC is asking for further efforts in strengthening the power of Croatian Competition Agency (AZTN) in its fight against cartels. It is also demanding a change of laws guiding Croatian Radio Television when it comes to public financing, and the adoption of plans for the restructuring of shipyards in alignment with European Union regulations. Significant progress has been made in regards to Croatian shipyards. Public tenders announced for six of the shipyards had been announced in May, and three have received offers. The Croatian Competition Agency (AZTN) is in the process of reviewing these offers. The plans for restructuring the metallurgy sector must be revised as those from 2008 are old and require urgent changes. The Croatian industry has suffered under the pressures of the global economic crisis. The state still has a significant influence on the economy. State subsidies reached 2.4 per cent of GDP in 2009. Most of the money goes to firms that continue to operate with losses. The number of unsolved litigation has decreased by 10 per cent, and good progress has also been registered in the decrease of cases older than three years. In general, courts have increased efficiency, but the lowering of the number of unsolved cases is not the same in all courts. Big cities like Zagreb, Split and Zadar still have a high number of cases. The Bureau for Combating Organised Crime (USKOK) continues to be active in the area of fighting corruption and has raised indictments in some very important cases, including investigations of high-level officials. PNUSKOK and USKOK, however do not have the capacity to deal with sophisticated financial cases. While USKOK is managing the number of its cases well, it is overburdened, the reports states. Corruption continues to reign in many areas. Despite legislative and administrative improvements, there have been no changes in practice especially as the courts are not capable of solving the increased number of complicated cases. The number of verdicts in cases of corruption is increasing, but these mostly refer to smaller cases. There are still no final judiciary decisions in serious cases of political corruption. No progress has been made in the implementation of citizen's rights in accessing information. There is not enough effective independent supervision of political activities and the financing of election campaigns. Good progress has been made in the strengthening of the judiciary's independence. Croatia's cooperation with the Tribunal in the Haague continues, but there remain problems with access to important documents. Croatia continues to process war crimes, and in 2009 and 2010 there were some 20 cases. Several cases prosecuted Croatians and members of Croatian armed forces. The readiness to punish such crimes is growing, but there is not enough capacity for it. Specialized courts for war crimes are lacking. Big progress has been made regarding national minorities, in part a result of the strengthening of the relationships in the region, especially between Croatia and Serbia. Croatia should still work on increasing tolerance towards the Serb minority, the report states. There are fewer reports of attacks on citizens of Serbian nationality, but vandalism of memorials of war victims have been noted. The return of refugees continues, with some 132,000 (mainly Serbs) returning to Croatia. This is about half of those who had fled during the war. The Serb returnees, and those who stayed in Croatia during the war, are facing the problems of employment, especially in former war zones. There is discrimination especially on a local level in the public sector. Lack of housing is still one of the key barriers to sustainable return, for which additional funds must be secured, the report writes.


