Former Hypo Group Alpe Adria (HGAA) boss Wolfgang Kulterer is expected to express his reaction to the accusations he is facing at a press conference later this week. The banker, who was freed after three months in custody earlier this week with his lawyer Ferdinand lanker, informed press today (Tues) that he will appear in front of the media at a hotel in Klagenfurt next Friday. Kulterer, who headed HGAA between 2002 and 2006, may give his point of view to the embezzlement charges he is facing. The businessman is accused of being mainly responsible for the bank's allegedly lax lending policy in Croatia and other European countries. The disputed decision-making over these issues is considered as a key aspect leading to the institute's near collapse. HGAA had to be nationalised in December 2009. People's Party ( VP) Finance Minister Josef Pr ll stressed investigation teams formed by financial issues experts and police would ensure those responsible for the billions of Euros of losses would repay every Eurocent. Special commissions called SoKo Hypo and CSI Hypo are currently investigating more than 50 suspects across the continent. Kulterer is, however, the only suspect that prosecutors decided to put in custody, Austrian Times has reported. Lanker said he lost trust in the Austrian juridical system because of its decision to put his client behind bars for several weeks. A growing number of business magazines and newspapers claim Kulterer might be nothing more than a pawn in the game used by influential officials to draw the attention away from others involved in malpractices at the Klagenfurt-based bank. If found guilty of having embezzled more than 50,000 Euros, Kulterer - who has not made any statements since being freed from custody - and other suspects could be sentenced to 10 years in jail. Opposition politicians in Austria and Germany claim some HGAA bosses and government politicians considered HGAA as a vehicle for their personal interests. Members of parliamentary investigation groups in Klagenfurt and Munich, Germany, say some decision-makers took advantage of connections to HGAA managers to financially support struggling airlines and the construction of a football stadium. HGAA was taken over by Germany's BayernLB (Bayerische Landesbank) for 1.62 billion Euros three years ago. Several bankers were sacked when it emerged that the Bavarian provincial bank suffered an overall loss of 3.7 billion Euros in the deal due to the bad condition HGAA was in. HGAA is, meanwhile, still receiving millions of state aid every month. New CEO Gottwald Kranebitter said he would try to restore its finances and sell the bank with a profit in 2012. Kranebitter controversially sent a letter to all employees described as an "amnesty offer" by newspapers. In the message, the banker informs staff HGAA would not take them to court over previously committed business crimes while working for the bank if they get in touch to report such malpractices. He also promised they would not be laid off. Kranebitter dismissed accusations the letter was an appeal to people to denounce each other.


