California based Sunce Winery owner Frane Franicevic has revealed plans of a possible business launch on the island of Hvar, Croatia after his company achieved success at the San Francisco Chronicle Wine Competition. In what has long been considered the premier wine competition in all of North America Frane Franicevic established Sunce as one of the most decorated wineries this past year, collecting 15 medals. "My wife and I have talked numerous times about launching production in Croatia. We even visited Grgich's winery on the Peljesac Peninsula. We would prefer to launch in my home village of Sucuraj on the island of Hvar, possibly offering food pairings and lodging. My wife is even more enthusiastic about this endeavor than I am. But we would like to contribute to the local economy," Frane Franicevic told the Croatian Times. He has also said wines produced in Croatia had a chance of entering the US market. "My wife and children and I try to go home to Croatia every Christmas and summer. Comparing my most recent visit in 2007 to those 5-10 years before, I noticed a marked difference in the wines, particularly the wines from the Dalmatian Coast -I would say yes, they are very ready in terms of quality. "However, the wines that would compare to mid-level wines here in the US were very expensive and were priced as though they were in the elite category. So, their costs must be pretty high - perhaps due to access to newer oak and technology," Franicevic said. The awarded Croatian roots American wine maker has come up with his list of best Croatian wines: "Here are some reds that I look for when I go home: Dingac, Postup and Plavac Mali.  Of the whites, I'm partial to Posip.  Some of the brands I'm familiar with and have ordered at restaurant tables in Croatia are Kozlovic, Bibich and Milos-Plavac. "I found some little boutique wineries on the island of Hvar, and one really good wine came from nearby Sucuraj - I wish I could recall the name. But my favorite beverage from Croatia is still Prosek and I make one at my winery that comes pretty close to the ones back home". Franicevic who emigrated to the US when he was 17 said he is still passionate about his homeland. "My mother and father moved back to Sucuraj in the 70s and my mother still tends to her orchards of Olives and fruit by herself.  My sister never left Croatia and lives in Split. I still retain Croatian citizenship which I covet wholeheartedly".


