A teenage Austrian girl died when she walked home after a night at a disco and walked into her home just as a powerful gas explosion ripped through the house. The blast which also killed four other people in the property could have been triggered when the girl either switched on the light or did something else that generated a spark - igniting gas that built up inside the property from a suspected faulty pipe. The multiple occupation property included two flats on the ground floor and two flats on the first floor. The dead people were named as Walter Aicher (81) and his wife Gerda Aicher (77), their daughter Ursula Wutzl-Aicher (52) and her common-law husband Kelly Iyenkepolor (53), who was from Nigeria, as well as Ursula's daughter Alexandra Wutzl (16). The blast in the town of Sankt-Poelten, 60 kilometres (40 miles) west of the capital Vienna, damaged several other properties and also many supplies across the town were cut off for several hours according to local Fire Brigade boss Dietmar Fahrafellner. Hundreds of people in the neighbourhood were evacuated and about 500 firefighters with 30 fire engines and a dozen ambulances were at the scene, Fahrafellner said. Most of the two-storey house was destroyed and the explosion started a fire. Firefighters brought in a large crane to stop the roof caving in while they tried to extinguish the blaze. The victims - three men and two women - all lived in the house where the explosion occurred. Three neighbours were hospitalised for gas inhalation. The incident was the deadliest gas explosion in Austria since a blast in Wilhemsburg in December 1999 which killed 10 people. Ironically one of those who died - Ursula - worked as a primary school teacher in Wilhelmsburg where the gas explosion happened in 1999. Local Ingrid Miller said: "There were bricks flying through the air like missiles - and there was a wall of flame that must have gone up 30 meters into the air - there was no way anyone inside could have survived." Firefighter chief Dietmar Fahrafellner (41) added that 15 people living nearby had been evacuated from their homes and were being treated for the effects of shock. The bodies have been brought to St. P lten's county hospital. The dead are assumed to be an elderly married couple, their daughter, her common-law husband and the granddaughter (16) who had only returned from a discotheque at 6 a.m. where she had been with her boyfriend on the morning of the public holiday. The only surviving family member is Teresa Wutzl (20), the other granddaughter of the elderly couple that owned the property as well as Karl Harzhauser (70) and his wife Gertrude (73) who also rented space at the property and had spent the night at a friend's house, escaping the blast. Firemen wearing breathing masks had to remove hundreds of tons of rubble and debris to recover the bodies. They continued digging right down into the cellar of the property to make absolutely sure no one else was trapped inside. A friend of the dead teenager Alexandra said: "I saw her on Wednesday. She had a new boyfriend and went out with him to the disco. I know she was serious about him because she changed her status on Facebook to in love. She must've got home and as I understand it minutes later she was dead."


