Ireland has been slammed after once again postponing the trial of a highflying businessman who mowed down two children in a car accident in Hungary and then fled the country to avoid jail. A Hungarian court sentenced the Irish Life manager Ciaran Tobin to jail in his absence and he has since been fighting extradition back to Hungary serve a jail term. Little Marci was just four years old and his sister Petra aged two when they were run over by Tobin as they walked to a swimming pool with their Gran, who was badly hurt but survived. Now the children's dad Bence Zoltai said: "It has been a decade since my two lovely children were taken away from me. There is not a day that doesn't go by when I don't think about them. For me this is not so much about punishing him for what he did as it is about saying that people who commit a crime and are convicted cannot simply flee the country and avoid justice. He had some good lawyers because he was from the West, the Hungarian officials were worried about making a mistake - and allowed him out on  1,500 bail. That was a lot of money in Hungary but for him it was peanuts - and it bought him the freedom he has enjoyed ever since." He said that the decision to postpone the case for an 11th time - this time until 28 October - at the request of Tobin's lawyers was a disgrace and an insult to the memory of his children and to the promises Ireland made when the Irish justice minister came to the country in 2008. The Hungarian Justice Minister Jozsef Imre Forgacs issued a statement after the latest postponement saying he was deeply saddened by the decision, although it was apparently not against the law. In the prepared statement the justice minister said: "Of course we are deeply saddened to know that this case that has received such massive media attention, both in Ireland and in Hungary, has not proceeded towards its logical conclusion. "We have been informed by the Irish Ministry of Justice that it appears that there is no time limit on cases in the court system in Ireland. They also tell us that what has happened so far is in line with Irish law." The minister added that Hungarian officials were trying to speed the matter up and he said he was doing "everything in my power" to have the case finished according to the law as soon as possible. But Hungarian lawyer and the director of the country's National Criminology Association, Petra Bardos, said: "What is happening in this case by postponing it 11 times is not just against Hungarian legal practices, but also against the Irish legal tradition. "In Ireland a case can usually expect to be postponed up to 4 times - twice from the defence and twice from the prosecution - anything more is unusual - and 11 just from the defence side is unheard-of. This extenuous postponement of the case means the Irish Authorities do not want to extradite Tobin to Hungary, even though they know that legally they should. "Instead of taking responsibility to do what they should do they keep postponing the case, hoping that public attention will be diverted away from it." She also accused Ireland of breaking the law saying: "According to European laws an extradition has to be decided on within 60 days, even if the person to be extradited doesn't want the decision. "In extreme cases it is known that judges take 90 days to decide whether to extradite the person or not. This means that Tobin's case should have been closed at the latest in February 2010. The fact that the case hasn't been closed yet is especially strange because the Irish Ministry of Justice has changed the laws especially to allow for Tobin to face justice. Yet it is the court system that allows Tobin to hide away from facing justice now." Bence Zoltai has even written to the judge in Ireland and Justice Ministry officials both directly and through his lawyer but says he has not had a response. He noted also that Tobin had previously escape extradition in another case in Ireland that was presided over by this very same judge. Dad Bence said: "I've asked for info on the case. I think after all this time I should be allowed official information - rather than second-hand information that I have to read in the local media. I fear that Tobin will just simply get away with killing my two small children and walk away as if nothing happened at all." Bence has achieved a lot since the deaths of the children including having the speed limit by the pool lowered, traffic lights being put up, and now a new ring road being built, but he said he will not rest until the question of Tobin is also dealt with. After one legal postponement he said: "I want to set an example, something people will remember. I won't quit because that will give a message to drivers that it's OK to drive insanely, to go on killing children, and that if you have a good lawyer and a lot of money and influence, you can get away with it. That's not the example I want drivers to remember. Nothing will bring my children back, and jail is a bad thing for anyone, but I believe that Tobin must serve his sentence for his crime - to show others this is what will happen to them too, if they break the law."


