Croatian President Ivo Josipovic and Serb President Boris Tadic confirmed their support for a unified Bosnia-Herzegovina this past weekend at the Brussels Forum in Brussels, Belgium.      The two presidents had met for the first time last week in Opatija, Croatia at a short and friendly luncheon. US Senator George Voinovich, who was also at the Brussels Forum, praised their commitment to cooperation.  "Look at that progress," he said. "In the 90s, we had (Slobodan) Milosevic, (Franjo) Tudjman and (Alija) Izetbegovic, who were working together to divide Bosnia, and now we have politicians who work on its survival." He added that all of the countries in the region must become part of the European Union. Analyst and journalist Misha Glenny said that it would be impossible for the region to sink back into war if Croatia and Serbia were working together. He added, however, that all the countries in the region shared an unfortunate predicament in that many war criminals were party politicians protecting their spoils. Josipovic noted Croatia and Serbia's cooperation as well as the agreement between Croatia and Bosnia that allows for the extradition of sentenced criminals who have fled across international borders. The agreement also provides that they can serve their sentences in the countries in which they are caught. Josipovic said he hoped a similar agreement would soon be reached with Serbia. Tadic called for mutual cooperation in fighting drug-trafficking. "Croatian and Serb intelligence officials work well together in this field, and for the first time this region is exporting security to the rest of the Europe," he said. Voinovich said the two countries were good allies of the United States when it came to fighting drug-trafficking. John Kornblum, one of the architects of the Dayton Peace Agreement that ended the war in the former Yugoslavia in 1995, said that Bosnia-Herzegovina should be Croatia's and Serbia's "coal and steel" - referring to the European Coal and Steal Community created in the aftermath of World War II to strengthen Germany and France's solidarity. "We thought the Dayton Peace Agreement would last only two-to-three years, but it still exists. Bosnia and Herzegovina should be put on modern foundations," he added. Josipovic said that Croatia and Serbia could impose solutions but could make the process easier. "There has to be a state in which all three peoples are equal. We have already spoken about that with Croats in Bosnia-Herzegovina. We must help improve conditions so that young people are not moving out of Bosnia-Herzegovina, which is no longer a battlefield and must become a field of cooperation," he added. Tadic said that neither Serbia nor Croatia would support secessionist tendencies, possibly referring to Prime Minister of Republika Srpska Milorad Dodik's statements about the region's possible secession. According to the Dayton Peace Agreement, Bosnia-Herzegovina consists of two governing entities, Republika Srpska and the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Goran Svilanovic, the former head of the old Serbia and Montenegro (SiCG), said that both leaders must take additional steps not only to help Croats and Serbs but also to reach out to Bosniaks (Bosnian Muslims). Both presidents' speeches received long and loud applause, the Croatian daily Vecernji List has reported.


