The trial of a brutal child trafficking gang accused of forcing nearly 200 gypsy children to beg on the streets of Britain opened today (Mon). Prosecutors in Romania say that 26 modern day Fagins face child trafficking charges. Court documents reveal that 181 children were sent to the UK by the gang, who travelled all over Romania to snatch children from the poorest families. Disabled children are said to have been particularly sought after because they made more effective beggars. The terrified youngsters were beaten and abused and put to work begging and stealing in British cities and some were even said to have been disfigured to increase their earning potential on the street. The 26 defendants - from Tandarei in Ialomita county, southern Romania - are also charged with money laundering, firearms offences and membership of local mafia clans. The gang was cracked in a series of arrests after a joint operation by British and local police. Eighteen of the gang are already in custody awaiting trial. Prosecutors from Romania's Directorate for Investigating Organised Crime and Terrorism (DIICOT) say the gangsters put the children through a terrifying academy of crime before transporting them illegally to the UK. They say that they arranged the transport and bogus travel documents to get the children to Britain and then held them hostage in a series of safe houses run by the gangs. Documents obtained by Central European News show that prosecutors say victims were made to beg, wash car windscreens or taught how to be pickpockets or shoplift. Others were taught how to steal cash from shops and restaurants while others were given instructions in burglary while under constant supervision by a gang member, say the court documents. Every penny they made was taken by the gang members. The leaders of the group are identified in the court documents as Constantin Radu, known as  "Titi Aghiotantu", Nicolae Schian, nicknamed "Poligrad", Tase Dumitru, nicknamed "Chinezul The Chinese", Mircea Niculae, known as "Bocioc", and Gheorghe Ion Dragusin, also known as "Frant". The trial opened today at Harghita Criminal Court after a massive investigation involving more than 300 police officers. Dozens of firearms including AK47 assault rifles and grenade launchers were seized in raids on more than 30 properties and hundreds of thousands of pounds of cash, jewellery, cars and property were confiscated along with bogus child travel documents. A police spokesman said: "The children were told their families would be at risk if they tried to flee, and families were told the children would be harmed if they made a complaint to authorities." Police are believed to have acted after investigating the massive amounts of money flowing into the gypsy community at Tandarei where locals were building huge palaces but had no apparent income.


