Croatian champions Dinamo Zagreb are ahead in the chase for Rapid Vienna star Nikica Jelavic. Sports newspapers in Austria report today (Weds) that Dinamo planned to sign the 24-year-old national team striker as well as former Chelsea star Mateja Kezman from Paris St. Germain this summer. Jelavic joined the Austrian vice champions in 2008 and became an essential part of the starting eleven after Stefan Maierhofer and Erwin Hoffer - who found the net 50 times between them last season - left the club half a year ago. Asked to make a statement about the claims in media, Jelavic said today: "I don't comment on rumours." The striker has stressed in the past how much he was aware of how well his career has developed since he moved to Vienna. The former Hajduk Split player was at Belgian side Zulte Waregem before managing a comeback in the national team after joining Rapid. Jelavic, who netted 13 times in 27 league games this season, only recently extended his contract until 2012. He told  Croatian Times how much he has enjoyed living in the Austrian capital and how quickly he managed to integrate at Rapid. Austrian papers claim Dinamo Zagreb, who lost in the qualification for this year's UEFA Champions League against Austrian champions Red Bull Salzburg, had plans to sell national team star Mario Madzukic in order to seal deals with Jelavic and Kezman. This news follows claims from January that Jelavic might leave Rapid during the past transfer window. Back then, the club's executive manager Alfred H rtnagl said: "Jelavic will stay at Rapid, at least until summer." Rapid coach Peter Pacult recently said he would not be surprised if Jelavic left the club after just two years, Austrian Times has reported. "He is playing at a constantly high level and has scored nine goals in Europe. This is something scouts from interested clubs do notice, of course," Peter Pacult said. German Bundesliga club Hamburger SV is reportedly also interested in Jelavic who scored against them in the Europa League last autumn. Meanwhile club bosses agreed with Rapid captain Steffen Hofmann, goalkeeper Helge Payer as well as with defenders Markus Katzer and J rgen Patocka over extending their contracts which would have run out at the end of this season. Rapid is currently in second in the Austrian Bundesliga led by Red Bull. Rapid face bottom lights Austria K rnten on Saturday, while the "Bulls" clash with Mattersburg on Friday.


