A widow who was caught allegedly trying to smuggle the body of her dead husband on board a packed holiday plane says she will cremate him this week and fly his ashes back to Germany. Check-in staff at Liverpool's John Lennon airport became suspicious of the family group travelling to Berlin when 91-year-old Kurt 'Willi' Jarant was pushed to the check-in desk in a wheelchair. He sat motionless with his head slumped on one side with his eyes hidden by dark sunglasses. Now his heartbroken widow Gitta Jarant, 66, says she was just trying to get her desperately ill husband back to his homeland. She told German media: "My Willi was my God - I loved him over everything. He recently suffered from Alzheimer's and had a serious lung infection but he was definitely alive when we put him in the taxi." "Willi always said he wanted to find his last resting place in Germany - and I still want to carry out his wish. "I plan to have him cremated in England and then the urn containing his ashes will then be bought by me to back to Germany." Air Berlin staff yesterday (wednesday) confirmed that Willi would be allowed to make his final journey that way - and could even travel in the hold. "But we would advise people make sure they are carefully and securely packed," said a spokesman. Gitta and her stepdaughter Anke Anusic, 41, were arrested and held for six hours when they tried to check in Willi for the easyJet flight to Berlin on Saturday. His body is currently being held by police but is expected to be released this week. The women said they thought he was asleep but were arrested on suspicion of failing to give notification of a death, police said. The pair, who are German nationals but live in Oldham, Greater Manchester, have been released on bail until 1 June. Care worker Anke, 42, said: "We are very upset that we have been accused of trying to smuggle a body onto a plane. "Willi was just asleep when we arrived and he must have died in the airport." Gitta, 66, added: "This is crazy, I would not have done such a terrible thing." Airport worker Andrew Millea told how he helped Willi from a taxi. The 46-year-old said: "To my horror his face fell against mine, it was ice cold.


