Prince Charles is about to add another palace to his bulging property portfolio after eyeing up a ruined 16th century gothic castle in remote Poland, according to local media. The once magnificent Bozlow Palace near Klodzko in rural Silesia was formerly the stately home to Poland's aristocratic von Magnis family before they were swept away by the country's Communist rulers after World War II. Now its owner is Poland's cash-strapped education ministry, which is looking to shed the estate and it's crippling maintenance bills. The news has given a boost to local builders who are struggling to make ends meet in the recession. "Once Prince Charles can see how well and cheaply Polish builders can work maybe we'll get the contract to do up Buckingham Palace," said one Charles's attention was first drawn to the palace during an official visit to Poland last March, reports the Polish Times newspaper. Historian Wojciech Wagner - who prepared a paper on the project in English for the prince - explained: "The Prince read the report and decided he wanted to become involved in rescuing declining properties." Co-author Marek Stadnicki, director of the Museum of Walbrzych, added: "Knowing the Prince was interested, we decided to prepare the report in English for him to read. "It is a very prestigious thing so we decided to do everything possible to promote particular monuments in our region. "And that is when he came across Bozkow Palace in Klodzko." Since then a team of British experts and surveyors - believed to be from Charles's Duchy of Cornwall estate - have visited the palace for a site inspection. It is understood Charles intends to use the palace for holidays and visits and let it out for the rest of the year. But the once stately home has seen better days. Storks now nest in a collapsed roof and parts of the ruins have been occupied by farm labourers' families who will all be evicted if the royal purchase goes through. Elizabeth von Kuster - head of the Foundation for the Preservation of Culture in Silesia- said: "There are currently nine families living in the remains of this mansion. "In order to restore this place to its former glory we need to vacate the whole palace and that means finding them new accommodation. "But we are already working on this with the Agricultural Property Agency and local authorities to do this." One residents, Andrzej S owiak, who has lived in the ruins of the mansion for 23 years said: "It will be sad to leave this place after so many years. "But we were told Prince Charles wanted to renovate it to bring it back to its former glory and so we are prepared to move. "A few months ago some Englishmen came and started photographing the entire place, so I guess it won't be long now." The palace was built in 1520 by the aristocratic von Raucek family but was sold when their the head of the family died childless and without any heirs in the 1700s. In 1787 it was taken over by the von Magnis family who were eventually stripped of their titles and land by Communist authorities in 1945.


