Croatia has launched a marketing campaign worth 234,000 Euros in Serbia in  a hope to attract 100,000 visitors this year. With its "tourism attack" of billboards and TV commercials, Croatia is beating all its competitors. Greece, Turkey, Montenegro and Tunisia have been overshadowed by the Croatian campaign. The only potential marketing competitor is Serbia itself which is planning on launching its own domestic campaign "My Country, my travels." Croatian Minister of Tourism Damir Bajs hopes to bring 100,000 Serbian tourists to Croatia, 30,000 more than the last year. But Croatian hotels may be losing the battle to historically lower prices in Greece, Turkey or Tunisia. Another difficulty is that purchasing power in Serbia has fallen recently. Greece is expected to further lower its prices because of the depth of the crisis. On the other hand, Montenegro offers seven days in private accommodation and a return train ticket for only 99 Euros. For those for whom money is not a problem, new destinations such as Italy and Spain have been opened with the elimination of visa requirements for Serbia. Aleskandar Susa from National Tourism Organization of Serbia said that while the campaign is likely to attract more Serbian tourists, the goal of 100,000 sounds too ambitions. "Croatia's offer is based on hotels. And from here, an all-inclusive hotel in Turkey, with aqua park costs 25 Euros per day." "Such offers cannot be found on the Croatian coast under 80 or 90 Euros." Nebojska Stikic, product manager from Jolly Travel agency in Belgrade says that they have been receiving inquires, but that so far sales equal to last year's demand when there was no big marketing campaign. "The most popular places are Istria and Kvarner. Most often it is the couples that are inquiring, or groups of two or three, while families with children are hesitating." "But this market is unpredictable," he added. "Serbians decide at the last minute, so in the end we might be surprised by the numbers," he said.


