The British newspaper The Independent on the cover brought about the death of Nazi war criminals, but the photo which was published on than Karlovčanin Ljubomir Jurkovic. With photo has clarified that it was Samuel Kunz, responsible for the deaths of 430,000 Jews, and the picture was &quot;removed&quot; from the Croatian film Live and dead, that in 2007. won eight Golden Arena in Pula, and awards at festivals in Bitola and Belgrade. Jurkovic has starred in the film Ustasha, a photograph published on the cover shows him with the Ustasha cap. Photo by the British newspaper is arranged to act authentically, in fact, is a scene in which Jurkovic appears in the film along with Philip Šovagović. Huffy procedure British newspaper, Karlovčanin, who was born 15 years after the Second World War, he decided to sue The Independent. &quot;It was horrible, it is a big insult to me, my city and for the whole of Croatia.
 I must first consult with a lawyer, but I will certainly ask for an apology and file a lawsuit. Half the money I&#39;ll donate to charity, &quot;said Jurkovic for BBC News. In The Independent Jurkovic without explanation, otherwise, the security company co-owner and the general public has become known for his numerous tattoos. In fact, in his body find even 122 historical figures, among them, he says, and Ariel Sharon, and ten U.S. presidents. &quot;Showing me as a Nazi war criminal, and a number of cases proved I was a Democrat. There are countless times I have publicly said that just as I appreciate everything you have done for Croatia and Tito and Tudjman, and then it happens something like this, such a storm, through the newspapers, &quot;said Jurkovic for Večernjak. The British newspaper journalist to inquire about the omission of the others are shocked, and they are only requested information about the actor and the movie. Others are not clarified.
 But his mistake, it seems, will not only pay but also Jurković Olympus production, UMA-and Mainframe Port. &quot;Cover photograph owned by the production and the context in which it was published it is superfluous to comment. For further steps we need to consult with our attorneys and distributors. What has been done, it is unacceptable,&quot; explained Mary Vukadin production from Mount Olympus. Danas.hr 24.11.2010.
 