According to the CNB data from the end of June even 9.27 percent of loans banks can charge, and their collection is longer than 90 days. According to the first quarter, it is one percentage point higher, and the largest share of the uncollected loans continue to have company. Looking at the results of the company in six months warning about the decline in profits and revenues, it is clear that the trend will continue to charge until the end of the year will be worse. No Recovery - The share of people in arrears exceeding 90 days by 35 percent, and still growing. In addition to heavier charge, and most companies have a stake in rescheduled loans, about 55 percent, followed by countries with a share of 38 percent - says Davor Holjevac, Vice Governor of the CNB. In addition to all the companies reported poor operating results, not expecting too fast recovery, and the labor market recorded a higher number of unemployment rate (not taking into account the seasonal recovery), and this means that the charges be difficult. - Given the large dispersion of the loan, it is unlikely that the proportion of bad loans, without drastic changes in the overall economy, rapid change - claims Holjevac.
 - The bad loans will rise until unemployment grows and the company had stressed the balance - hard Hrvoje Stojic, an economist HAAB. Zdeslav Santic, economist at SG Split Bank, says that because a large share of old loans, and there is greater possibility of their non-return. Balance could be repaired only half of 2011., When the expected economic recovery. Banks stable Dalić Martin, CEO of Partner Bank, believes it will see a real recovery until a new investment cycle. For now, it does not, they feel, and although the bank says, in these situations is satisfactory. It also claims Julio Kuruc, CEO Podravske Bank. The Erste Bank said that the percentage of non-performing loans to about five percent, the Bank of Split about 5.5 percent. But the bank such as the RBA and the frog are introduced in a crisis, and to avoid a court to enforce payment, new opportunities for clients such as reprogram the loan, extending the repayment period, grace period etc.
 Banks in any case have good collateral, and no safety of the banking system due to possible increase in collection issue is not compromised. - Banks may charge a black scenario for the banking system certainly has, and in the future will be profitable - the consultant concludes Ante Babic. While the capital adequacy of the data on bank operations for six months to know by mid-month, will apparently have a small part of the problem with kapitaliziranošću, ie the amount of capital adequacy, which is prescribed to 12 percent. Some of them are still looking for a hybrid instrument that would remedy the situation. Prescribed capital adequacy meet all the banks according to the data for the three months of this year. Particular medium, for which there is a danger, such as state and HPB Croatia, and were able to semi-annual results meet the prescribed rate. Small banks would, experts say, should think seriously about the fresh capital and networking.
 