Author: Tomislav Novak Posted: 23/10/2010 Mark on Friday hoping that April will bring the asylum for foreigners in Ježevo back to Zagreb. However, this did not happen ZAGREB - Croatia I came because I thought that I would find happiness here, and I ended up in jail. I respected your laws, and you have placed me in Ježevo, asylum for aliens who, like prison - said on Friday his lawyers Estur April, transgender people from the Philippines, which until Tuesday was calm and quite happily lived with her partner Mark in Zagreb. Was angry, hurt and frightened. If the return to the Philippines, afraid that there is a kill. RELATED NEWS News uncertain fate Her photo albums on the Internet reveal that she loved and Medvednica Bundek walks, visits to the cinema, boutiques and the florist and make-up. Smiling in photographs genuine and warm, often referred to Mark&#39;s solid embrace. However, their happiness is dissolved as a bubble when the April Croatian authorities decided to deport him back to the Philippines.
 Expired her visa for temporary stay, and her request for asylum was denied and appealed. As the official men can not marry Mark and so remain in the country. Her fate is still uncertain despite the efforts of lawyers and NGOs Cons. The first time Friday in Ježevo, where on Tuesday visited an attorney and partner Mark. - It&#39;s like in prison. In the room with men, although I feel like a woman. It is prescribed when they eat and when we walk in - they complained to April. The lawyer immediately fulfill the request of the police for his release from the asylum, but until the conclusion of the April number was still small children. The association Kontra preparing a lawsuit against the European Court of Human Rights. The passport says that she called Henry Estur and that is a citizen of the Philippines born in 1976. year. Biologically a male, though it looks, acts and feels like a woman. They wanted the stone - now I feel awful, as the worst criminal, and I do not know what I done wrong, but I is different - she is April.
 The police denied that the Henry / April behave in a discriminatory and disrespectful. - We stick to the law. The passport, official document, states that Henry Estur males and are therefore the person so named, not because he was discriminated against. We acted according to Article 89 Law on Foreigners, which is now in Estur Ježevo - says Elena Bikić from the Zagreb police. Hell, through which the lovers passing began two years ago. They met over the internet 2008th, he soon fell in love, and Mark moved to the Philippines and wanted to start a life together. However, the April because of her transgender on the road trying to stoning, rape, and even the &quot;našminkanog man who dresses as a woman and her white friend&quot; accused of a typhoon that devastated their city. The couple returned to Croatia and start a new life. Now they are back on the line, just because they are different. Police can not be above the court Gordana Lukac Koritnik, Ombudsperson for Gender Equality: - I do not know whether in this case there was discrimination because the process took the Ombudsman, considering that the irregularities in the administrative procedure of granting asylum in his jurisdiction.
 However, from what I read in the newspapers, I must stress that Croatia has passed legislation that clearly prohibits any discrimination based on gender identity and gender expression. His opinion was given on how the European Court of Human Rights. Therefore, it is clear that in any proceedings, even when seeking asylum, the authorities must respect the gender identity of a person expresses. Gordana Sobol, president of the Parliamentary Committee for Gender Equality: - No we are not asked for help in this case, no sutures, it is logical that if the court had rendered a decision, the Police has the right to deport that person. I expect the Ombudsman to review the case. Gordan Bosanac, program director of the Center for Peace Studies: - If the police did not comply with a court order, to the twilight of democracy. Even if all the legal standing is inappropriate to transgender persons residing in Ježevo, where homosexuals are placed in the same basket with drug addicts.
 IKB number of recommendations: 22 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 