Austrian Green Party politician Rolf Holub filed, as the German weekly Der Spiegel, even high schools in December at the Austrian High Court action against the unknown and the suspicion of embezzlement, abuse and fraud. Holob doubt that the sale of &quot;Hypo Alpe Adria Bank Bavarian state bank BayernLB some Carinthian politicians got rich illegally. He also doubts that have been in Germany for some party accounts originated and iliegalne donations. Where is 125 million euros? Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Former Prime Minister of Carinthia Jörg Haider - Bavarian politicians involved from the very beginning Holub believes that the price that Bayern LB was paid for a majority stake in Hypo Alpe Adria Bank rose by 125 million euros from the actual value of the share. At the same time increasing pressure on the former leadership of Bavaria on suspicion of claims of a reduced role of politics in the banking transfer to the taxpayers in Germany, now standing almost 4 billion euros.
 Namely, according to investigative protocols povjerensktva Carinthian government, former Prime Minister of the Austrian federal state Jörg Haider, was back in 2007. said the Bavarian political leadership played a &quot;vital role&quot; in the transaction of a majority stake, &quot;Hypo Alpe Adria Bank in the Bavarian arms. According to the same claims then-Prime Minister of Bavaria Edmund Stoiber, Minister of Finance Kurt Falthauser and later the Bavarian Prime Minister Günther Beckstein, during negotiations on the transaction, &quot;sitting at the table,&quot; Stoiber diminish its role Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: What role is played by Edmund Stoiber ? Former Bavarian Prime Minister and friend of former Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader on several occasions so far minimizing his role in the process, the Bavarian state coffers disastrous for sale &quot;Hypo Alpe Adria&quot; bank. He also denied that he played a crucial role in giving the consent of the Croatian National Bank&#39;s sale of majority ownership, although the former statement of his cabinet suggests otherwise (see below).
 As VOA&#39;s &quot;Südeutsche Zeitung&quot; of scandalous sale had been used and some wealthy Bavarian austrijke and families who are apparently early enough had knowledge of the intentions kupoprodajinim Bayern LB. NW said that before the sale of a few families bought a larger number of shares which then rapidly increased value. According to the same sources Munich state attorney&#39;s office last week in connection with the suspicious sale of shares and questioned the former head of Bayern LB, Werner Schmidt. Author: N.Kreizer Der Spiegel / Südeutsche Zeitung Re. ed:
 