Croatia Libertas NGO sent a letter to Croatian President Ivo Josipovic, which in its entirety: Dear President, Hon Excellency, as representatives of influential non-governmental organizations in BiH, on behalf of the Croatian people in Bosnia want to congratulate you on the recent election for President of the Republic We wish to thank you for your past commitment and understanding of rights, status and problems of Croats in BiH. Following with interest your statement, we got the impression that you are not personally acquainted with the real situation in BiH, and we decided to introduce a detailed yet full of truth and the rights and position of Croats in BiH. Truth is not always beautiful but it is very important to us because of us. Following allegations that some former high-placed officials of Croatian as &quot;... numerically halved Croats in BiH due to wrong policies and aspirations for a&quot; third entity &quot;or because&quot; the pursuit of the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna &quot;, highest claim under the full moral responsibility: it is not any Croatia and the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna - Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina today do not have any at all.
 Contribution to this the facts that the Croats in BiH is not in the areas that HR Herceg-Bosna was not under control. Even today, no similar protection of constitutional rights, the peace is repeated a large exodus of Croats from Bosnia which just goes to the fact the necessity of establishing a multiethnic and majority Croatian federal unit in BiH. Status and position of the Croatian nation in Bosnia today is very bad and hard because they were Croats across Bosnia exposed ethnocide, culturecide and ethnic cleansing in peace. We are sure to be just a minority Croats in BiH should not apologize because they are much or less managed to defend themselves in a very small part of the territory of BiH who did not win militarily - but defended and where they were historically from much earlier. Using the present international institutions such as the OHR as an instrument of power politics, Bosnians are doing everything to impose their own policy will of the other two nations.
 According to Annex IV, that the Constitution of BiH, BiH Croats are implied. But, practically, on the ground and in reality it is not already manifested only in words. Each constituent people in the world (and minorities) have the right to self-determination and self-determination, public media, their education and equal representation in government (parity, consensus and rotation), but in Bosnia it was not the case with &quot;constituent&quot; Croats. In these disorders has never reacted OHR due to the strong resistance of Bosniaks who were highly represented in all international organizations, disguising the real situation on the ground, preventing resolution of this problem and affecting the decisions of the High Representative, which has become a puppet of Bosnian politics. We came to the conclusion that the Bosniak majority just waiting for a new demographic decline of the Croats in Bosnia so that they could legitimately declare constitutional, &quot;a new national minority&quot; and simply solve the &quot;huge problem&quot; in their BH.
 According to Annex IV of the Dayton Peace Agreement, the Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina - constituency, not the election of the region as it is today. It is not taken into account in the last general elections and the simple majority of Bosnians voted by the Croatian presidency persona that people did not recognize any political circle BH Croats, which provoked outrage in the land of the democratic public and the world. Croatian representatives in BiH preglasavaju at all levels by a simple majority so that further participation in government at the cantonal, entity and state level is evaluated nekohabitornim, undemocratic and inefficient. All of the above is an obstacle to entering BiH into Euro-Atlantic integration as if with all this knowledge of this integration are implemented, the EU and NATO will do yourself an internal problem of national security for the future of the EU and NATO as well as economic and security organizations. We believe that this is the reason for delays in receipt of BiH into Euro-Atlantic integration and the abolition of visas for BiH.
 In the past five years Croatian ministers in the Government of the Federation preglasavaju simple majority of the anti-Dayton and unconstitutional, but the system and the levers of power are in the hands of the dominant majority of Bosniaks who alone can decide, but that should legally liable for violations of the rights of minority peoples in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The same case outvoting simple majority is at work in all parliaments, including the state. Croats there at some positions where you should be heads of functions in the rotation with the Bosniaks who are often falsely present themselves as Croats and usurp the function. According to the Dayton Peace Agreement, the Croatian people in the Federation had parity in decision-making with the Bosniak people, and the instruments in the house of the people had a right of veto. But today the Croatian people there is no parity, and no right of veto in the House of Peoples. Although there is a decision of the Constitutional Court on the constitutionality of the people that are conducted fairly and fully equal representation of all people, this is not a political decision is respected by the Bosniaks.
 The High Representative imposed a law on the entity governments and the constituent peoples in order to equalize all three constituent peoples, but the political will to challenge the Bosniaks equal representation - again I prevailed. Government of F BiH is unacceptable for the position of Croatian ministers and the Croatian people, as the Government decides to eight ministers Bosniaks, five ministers and three ministers Croatian Serbian nationality. The Government of the Republic of Serbian eight ministers of Serbian nationality, five ministers and three ministers of Bosnian Croatian nationality, which in turn represents the unequal representation of BiH Croats. The ratio of Ministers of the Governments of both entities, speaks about the absolute domination of Bosniaks in one entity in another entity of the Serbian people. All decisions that are important for the State of BiH and the entities can be made without affecting Croatian ministers, namely the voice of the Croatian people.
 The situation in the civil service is significantly different than the one as it should be, as in eg the Federal Employment Service has 47 employees, of which three or Croats, saying the percentage of employees 83% are Bosniaks, Croats, 6% and 8 , 5% of employees are Serbs. This situation is similar and the same in all other state institutions. Sarajevo is presented as a multicultural city but its composition is far from this description. Pre-war and the current ethnic composition is unparalleled. It can be said that the national structure of Sarajevo mononacionalna. Where Bosniak political circles can not progress, the media imposes on multiculturalism in order to be formally represented, but with time changes in mono-ethnic neglecting the rights of two other people and the rights of national minorities. Under the terms of the national awareness of all three nations, under circumstances where minimized most numerous people trying to assimilate the other smaller nations, it is necessary to accept reality and allow everyone the same conditions of life and coexistence in BiH if she really wants to preserve.
 If the application again failed colonial historical method &quot;pushing&quot; the three people in the same pot under the threat of coercion, Bosnia will again experience a boiling point which is unfortunate, but had to be repeated as &quot;deja vu&quot;. Previous work of the international community was based on building the future of EU tough on fragile glass BH. The current government is made up of obvious illusions that are not only far from reality, but are far from the Bosnian-Herzegovinian opportunities. State decorated at the expense of one of the three constituent peoples do not appear &quot;on the way to a bright European future&quot;. Resources and capacities that were previously destroyed by war, can not or do not want to replace, and no new investments in sight. The so-called. Mostar statute is enforced only city of Mostar (in the guise of multiculturalism) because in him the simple majority of the BH Croats always won at the city level, the municipal elections. To Bosniak political circles established authorities in Mostar, Bosniaks are over, &quot;OHR&quot;, imposed kvotizaciju place so that democratic elections are not required to have no meaning.
 Why Mostar statute is imposed in Sarajevo to be returned in it &quot;multiculturalism&quot;? Croats in Bosnia are currently full budget entity with over 45% of the funds, and have a return of less than 8% of the funds. County and some lower state institutions are facing bankruptcy and liquidation of the lack of liquid assets. These indicators show that the state institutions before the immediate collapse. Joining the European Union plans to be realistic only - for more than 30 years. Also, we have the knowledge that the new constitutional reforms intended to abolish the county and &quot;cement&quot; the situation in BiH on the basis of only two entities that we believe politically incorrect and unacceptable for the Croatian people in BiH, which would have been legitimately voted for &quot;a new constitutional national minority in BiH . Croats in Bosnia are a number of items prohibited in terms of human, civil and national rights of the Bosniak political circles that the dominant majority in BiH.
 It is long list of violations of human and civil rights of Croats in BiH. BH Croats to prevent the following human rights to which they have full power and the Constitution and under international law: 1 Public broadcasters in their native language. 2nd The press (all publications are editions from RH). 3rd The central political (parliamentary) institutions (Parliament or Assembly). 4th A representative of the Croats was never president of the Government Entity (FBiH) or state government (the Council of Ministers), and within these institutions, given their role minorizirajuće no greater importance, impact, or possibilities of significant action. 5th The international community is pressuring the other two nations to ensure the return of refugees, displaced and quite (un) expectedly - bh encourages emigration of Croats in the home country and the EU in order to reduce the numerical target. 6th Crimes against Croats in Bosnia do not and can not prosecute (or before the ICTY in The Hague and before domestic courts), and those few who are prosecuted are sentenced to the minimum sentence.
 This is known to the State Attorney&#39;s Office. 7th Representatives of Croats to the authorities elected by members of another nation, so that the remaining positions occupied by the spheres of interest and mnogoljudnosti (multiplicity) other people (eg: choice of W. Komsic (Bosniak Party SDP) at the Croatian member of the presidency), so practically, General Elections in BiH for BiH Croats do not make sense because of the simple outvoting. 8th Various experiments, OHR, OSCE and international representatives of the various projects trying to establish so-called. &quot;Bosnian education system&quot; (two schools under one roof, etc.) that would become a constitutional obligation. 9th The many processes trying to simultaneously and powerfully through the method of media infantilization &quot;force&quot; the population that feels like a &quot;so called. Bosnian nation, Bosnian society, etc. &quot;(For example, campaigns OHR, OSCE, EUFOR in all affordable media titled&quot; Think Denk BH-BH-BH Think ... &quot;) etc.
 10th In all socio-political levels to implement the creation of &quot;Bosnian nation&quot; method of assimilation: Monetary System (Croatian Catholic splendors on the green bills, and Bosnian are on red, etc.), identification documents (in English and French on the identity card says: nationality - Bosnia and Herzegovina, ...), national football league is called the Premier League of BiH, the license plate number and letter without label region (123-A-456), etc., the entity television and radio (FTV) is done infantilizaciju electronic media, only a few Croats were employed in this medium and not the editorial position, state television and radio (BHT) follows the same approach, mode and course of action, 11 Bosnia and Herzegovina consists of two entities. The Government of the RS includes three Croats, Bosniaks five and eight Serbs, and the Government of the Federation three Serbs, Croats and five Bosniaks eight, which means that the Croatian representatives do not even equal one entity, but a decision of the OSCE significantly reduced and fragmented, and and &quot;assigned&quot; positions may be subject to political manipulation in a way that interests them subordinate ministers come under the influence of opponents.
 12th Three people were constitutive but not the &quot;sovereign&quot;? Croatian people do not decide on their cash flow, the self-determination, language, culture, tradition, education ... but of all that decide Bosniaks and Croats probošnjački oriented. 13th Bosniaks in the Federation undermine the financial field with a Croatian majority, while the other used by the Croatian tax payers money to &quot;imported tenure Muslim bankrupted companies, and it just never did, nor a Croatian company! Indeed, successful companies (aluminum) do not have any benefits (eg, aluminum in particular has a special status of consumers) and the estimated time move its manufacturing plants in other regions and / or state. 14th Croats in the judiciary are not equally represented because these items are &quot;distributed&quot; OHR staff who have declared themselves as &quot;Bosnians&quot; in their applications. 15th At this time, although under the Dayton peace agreement in force in BiH and FBiH there is no consensus, the parity and rotation of the key and those less critical places (positions) in the country.
 Examples of infinitely many. 16th Constantly occurring problem outvoting Croats to ever higher levels of decision making and management, as well as in legislative houses. 17th Will the international community, BiH Croats are in the role of &quot;fireman&quot; Faced with the growing rise of Wahhabism, radical Islamism and militantizma in Bosnia that they are actually their presence should &quot;calm down&quot; and &quot;slack&quot; and prevent the spread of the roots of terrorism that would be spilled in the EU the so-called. &quot;White Al Qaeda&quot;. A large number of Croats were killed in various terrorist attacks in BiH. 18th The key areas of economic and political activities (such as investments of Croatian companies in BiH, the purchase of some companies in BiH, etc.) the role of the Croats are trying to reduce or remove, and attract other foreign capital, mostly of Arab descent. 19th The Dayton Peace Agreement Decision OHR changed 175 times to different decisions and measures, laws and regulations.
 And by the same agreement OHR - has the right to change the Dayton agreement, but nevertheless it is a political decision made many times (more accurately 175 times the OHR changed the Dayton peace agreement under the pretext that &quot;this country could not forward&quot;). Does this mean that the Dayton agreement violated, nullified and voided, and that applies open at the expense of one of three people, regardless of the consequences in the future due to political injustice inflicted? Does this mean that the OHR has put on the open side of Bosniaks in BiH by making a &quot;bear service&quot; Muslim politicians to &quot;scratch the back&quot; to places where Bosniak policy can not make any kind of success. This claim makes sense if one takes into account the fact that over 95% of the employee support staff in OHR, OSCE and EUFOR - Bosniak composition, which can only mean that those with positions of international organizations in synergy with the Bosnian politics shaping political background, creating moves, the decisions of the OHR and write the script for the future of the Croats in Bosnia, which the executive and operational services of international organizations openly sided with the Bosnian policy influence.
 20th Many prominent BH Croats were killed in BiH (the late J. Leutar, many returnees to Bugojno, Konjic, and other places ...) or have been prosecuted, tried and imprisoned (A. Jelavić, M. Tokic, A. Milic, D.Čović, ...) from purely politically motivated reasons, influenced by various Bosniak political lobbies in the judiciary. Around a hundred Croatian returnees have been killed since 1995. And their unexplained deaths, the perpetrators were not arrested. 21st A large number of Croats from the Bosniak category is open daily harassed on a national basis (D. Stojanov, G. Munitić, Z.Čegar, ...), and then makes these areas. The number of such cases is extremely large and brings into question the national security of the Croats in Bosnia because they were expelled from their ancient homes. 22nd Over 50 outstanding and nerasvijetljenih terrorist attacks on Croat returnees and their property since 1995., One of which is tied to assassinate Interior Minister Jozo Leutar, a recent terrorist attack in FIS Vitez, where he died Zvonko Brabić.
 23rd The presence of about 200,000, whose Wahhabi movement flirts with radical Islamism, and doctrinally similar to the radical Middle East movements. This mass religiously indoctrinated people pose a threat to national security not only of the State of BiH, but also the European Union. However, the international community, in fear of not encouraging a new intolerance, this problem is simply pushed under the carpet in the hope that it will deal with someone else even though this problem is increasing day by day ... etc. Dear President, Hon Excellency, after all the presented factual problems of the Croatian people in BiH, please personally pledge for constitutional change in Bosnia and Herzegovina on the way to conduct a complete federalization of the Dayton Bosnia on three multi-ethnic entities, which represent a model of contemporary and modern democratic European states today as guaranteed full civil and national rights all individuals and nations.
 We estimate that BiH would become if states trofederalna (troentitetska), for less than a year came into the position as &quot;a democratically governed,&quot; the state enter into negotiations to EU membership. Accept reality and the means to cope with all the fears that are highly expressed in BiH. Coexistence, peace and tolerance are possible but only with the mutual respect of all the people that now is not the case, and until this is achieved it is necessary to complete federalization of the state into three units of the existing multi-ethnic constituent peoples. The greatest achievement of symmetrical federalism would become a lasting peace and reduce the state administration because it would abolish the county, but set up to three entities and three government entities, which would reduce the state administration for 100 times. Smaller and more efficient administration opened the door to the possibilities of domestic and foreign investment would save money in the annual amount of one billion marks, which could also be used in the development and continuing to eliminate any danger of unfortunate turmoil in the future, and would create a possibility of coexistence, tolerance, peace and economic prosperity for all three peoples in BiH.
 In the sincere hope that you will consistent to the end to take the rights and position of Croats in BiH, which is not in doubt, please get the candid testimony of our respect! In Mostar, 07 May 2010. Leo Pločkinić, President of NGO Croatia Libertas
 