Author: Morning Gazette Published: 25.07.2010 During the tourist season from Dubrovnik airport to fly to European destinations, many foreign companies Southern Dalmatia because of its geographical position and historical-political givens is still available to the rest of the Croatian region with the worst given that to her Croatian ground has not even reached the railroad, and by the end of any planned modern highway. Peljesac Bridge is another connection that eagerly await. However, because the traffic picture is somewhat repaired planes, ships and ferries ... RELATED NEWS News Plane only airport in Southern Dalmatia Dubrovnik Airport is a port, located 22 kilometers from the city center, near Cilipi. The national airline company Croatia Airlines currently flies direct from her home to three locations - Split, Osijek and Zagreb (cheapest price flight in one direction on these lines is currently moving somewhere around 400 million).
 Info + plus to Dubrovnik from early April until mid-October, flying and many foreign companies, which include Airline, British Airways, Spanair, and low-budget EasyJet and Ryanair, so the South Dalmatia during the summer on the way the crow flies very well connected with almost all major European airports. By car to South Dalmatia, despite the unfinished motorway A1 (Dalmata), the majority of Croatian practice to reach by car. For example, from Zagreb to Dubrovnik, the simplest, quickest and shortest route is certainly one through Karlovac and Bosiljevo Dalmata, and when it disappears, the old coastal road. Of course, there are many alternative routes that are used by many travelers because of the recession, as well as the desire to escape the summer, frequent delays at toll booths. Those who care about every penny of Zagreb can take the old road Karlovac, Karlovac and the old road D1 over Slunj, the Plitvice Lakes and through Korenica, Gracac, Knin, Sinj, Šestanovac ...
 All those who are not in a hurry and want to enjoy the scenery through, to be over Pisarovina Karlovac, Karlovac and after Julian over Josipdol, Otocac, Gospic, Gracac, Benkovac Vrpolje, Trogir, Omis ... Both times were longer than the time Dalmatine, but saving money is significant. Residents of North Croatian, however, these trends can be connected via Zagreb, but they certainly interesting and a shortcut to Dubrovnik, through Bosnia and Herzegovina, to Sarajevo and Mostar. Boat Sea is Southern Dalmatia and Dubrovnik, a regular ferry boat connections with Rijeka, Split and Hvar, and Dubrovnik departure from the international ferry line Bari Italian. Within the region, shipping and ferry connection is solid, especially in tourist season. Train in Southern Dalmatia railway stretches only from Bosnia and Herzegovina - and this coming from Sarajevo via Mostar to Ploce. The plates are regular daily direct rail lines associated with Metkovic, Sarajevo and Zagreb (via Mostar and Sarajevo).
 From Ploce to Zagreb Ride is half past one p.m. hours, a ticket costs 312 kuna. All bus travel destinations of Southern Dalmatia are solidly linked with a number of bus lines elsewhere in the region, as is the rest of the Croatian. The cheapest ticket between Dubrovnik - Zagreb (traveling about 10 hours), and Dubrovnik - Zadar (8 hours) costs about 200 kuna, to the Nile ticket costs about 400, and Korcula and Orebic about 100 Info + plus Dubrovnik is a regular direct bus connection is Mostar, Medjugorje, Sarajevo, Zenica, Trebinje, Tuzla, Herceg Novi, Kotor, Budva, Podgorica, Belgrade (via Blackboard), Skopje, Trieste, Ljubljana, Frankfurt and Munich. As the region: Southern Dalmatia no local air travel links, just touching the line boards, so the best way to move through the region on four wheels (for the islands, of course, in combination with a number of ferry and shipping lines).
 Telephone (01) 464 08 00 - Automobile Club of useful information on road conditions (which, along with state of the roads include the weather forecast, information on fuel prices, tolls and ferries in Croatia) 1987 - HAK roadside assistance; for assistance in the event the vehicle, its on-site repair or removal from the scene of an accident (within 200 km). By the end of the year to use the old number 987, which completely abolished until 1 January 2011. Info phone 0800 0111 ARZ for highway Zagreb - Karlovac - Bosiljevo (Rijeka) 0800 0422 Croatian Motorways Info phone for Bosiljevo - Split - Ravča (Dubrovnik) Number of recommendations: 0 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 