Author: Portal Jutarnji.hr Posted: 03.11.2010 ZAGREB - Two men were seriously injured in a new homophobic attack which happened on the night between Monday and Tuesday in the early morning hours outside a nightclub in Zagreb Svetice Syrup. RELATED NEWS News Forwards Chris O. (26) and Joseph E. (24) jumped the two gay boys at the exit from the club and brutally beaten. Hit were obviously prepared in advance with sticks and sprayed tear gas to end a broken bottle on his head and it cut glass on the face and body. Zagreb Pride Association claims that the articles from the newspaper has collected enough evidence to &#39;suggest that it was a pre-planned sačekuši with the aim of intimidation, humiliation and beatings gay person whose sexual orientation induced on the basis of assembly and on the basis of their gender expression&#39; . One of the boys from the gay club syrup, or one of the most popular gay gathering in Zagreb, just by sheer luck escaped the attack.
 He went home early. However, the Zagreb Pride described the event. - About 4 or 5 in the morning I went from the club Syrup. In front of the club were two young males who approached me and began to aggressively harass me questions, &quot;Are you gay, come on, did you?&quot;. I have replied to them to let me go in peace. Then I heard one of the two says, &quot;Let him see that it is normally clothed, that is not gay, we still look gay.&quot; I told them &quot;no matter what happens inside you, inside you are all drunk.&quot; To which one replied: &quot;Let that are drunk in the fag&quot;. They let me and I went home. The next day I learned that two of my acquaintances was brutally beaten in front of the syrup - said the young man. According to a police statement said two attackers were arrested and detained and that their detention was ordered, and Zagreb Pride seeks to Interior Minister Karamarko to respond publicly and condemn this crime and no doubt he called her name: the brutal attack on gay people spurred by hatred and homophobia.
 Zagreb Pride Association invites all the other witnesses or potential victims to come forward to the phone 091 500 7867 or e-mail: info@zagreb-pride.net. Legal Service Zagreb Pride will submit the appropriate submissions and complaints to the authorities and if necessary, without compensation, to represent all damaged. Number of recommendations: 15 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 