Iveco LMV (Light Multirole Vehicle en. - easy multi-purpose vehicle) is a dedicated military vehicle sturdy construction and high mobility, designed to fit all the requirements that accompany military action. Developed by the Italian Iveco and service in the armed forces of several countries. Once it is accepted by the Italian army under the name VTLM Lince, beat the competition &quot;FCLV&quot; (en. Future Command and Liaison Vehicle - the future command post vehicle and as a link) the British Army as a Panther, and is accepted by the Belgian, Croatian and Norwegian army. Interest in purchasing the show and the army of other member states of NATO. Contents [edit] Features and purposes is designed with features low-silhouette that in addition to the protective function allows easy transport by air without prior modification of the vehicle and by boat and rail. It can be transported by helicopter and parachute drop.
 Using a variety of materials and structural solutions achieved is low probability of detection of potential enemy sensors such as optical, thermal and radar devices, and is compatible with devices for night viewing, which allows driving at night without lights and use of aids for night viewing, and the use of vehicles in special operations. The vehicle is equipped with central tire inflation system and adapted to operate in climatic conditions from -32 ° C to +49 ° C. Payload it can accommodate additional cargo and equipment, and construction and a braking system is adapted for hauling tools and equipment trailers. Due to the modular design is a multipurpose vehicle, or can be used for various missions, including reconnaissance, command, logistics, patrol, relationship, medical, or artillery, and various mounting arms can be configured in many other versions.
 Look into the cabin provides protection from various forms of danger for the crew. It can be equipped with NBC protection system, while providing the maximum level protubalističke and mine protection for the crew thanks to a built package protubalističe and mine protection, which include the latest achievements in the protection. The wheels are so far from the cabin in case of an explosion to get to destroying the front of the vehicle, but it will lessen the impact of the explosion on the cockpit, and is similar to the rear of the vehicle. Large clearance (lowest point of the space vehicle to the ground), accommodation of the fuel tank in the rear, to avoid placing heavy components under the cab because it could jeopardize the crew in case of explosions, the bottom-cabins in a V shape and many other details incorporated in the design cab provide maximum protection protubalističku and mine. Also, when designing the interior of the cabin, everything was subordinated to the protection of the crew.
  61 • Assault rifles: G36 • FN F2000 • M4 Carbine • VHS • • FN FAL Sniper: Zastava M76 • M40 • Cheetah • Sako TRG • Accuracy International Arctic Warfare • Barrett M82 • MACS M3 • • RT-20 grenade launchers: Mk 19 • HK69A1 RBG-6 • • • AG36 guns: M249 SAW M60 • • • PK Browning M2 (machine gun) Zastava M84 • • • FN MAG Ultimax 100 Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iveco_LMV Categories : Military vehicles | Military equipment of the Armed Forces | Italy
 