The most indented part of the Croatian Adriatic coast of Šibenik-Knin County. It is this jagged one of the main trump Sibenik area, the reason guests return every year. Sunny coasts of the Sibenik region is known mainly rocky and sandy beaches, though, and for lovers of sandy beaches can be found at the corner. Beaches on the island for its beaches MURTER is especially well known island of Murter, including special place Murter: Brine, Čigrađa, Luke; Betina: Zdrače, Shallow Vala, Kosirina; Lakes: Camp Lovišća, local beach Kučina; Tisno: Jazina, camping Rastovac, Hostin ... Brine Beach in the same village on the island of Murter Murter, especially interesting lovers picigin (cricket) because of its shallow water, partly sandy and partly rocky beach. It belongs to the category of the most famous beaches in the whole of Dalmatia. The beach is suitable for children, and it is located and a few restaurants to eat and drink, toilet and shower.
 It is rich with additional amenities such as water slides, beach volleyball, tennis, trampolines, ... Čigrađa Beach, also located in the village of Murter is also sandy and rocky. It is suitable for children. Here you can find catering facilities - restaurant Čigrađa &quot;and beach bar&quot; Lantana &quot;. Port Beach is a city beach town of Murter, partly pebble and partly sandy. Blocks sun are made of concrete. It is suitable for children and the elderly. Equipped with showers, and nearby are a supermarket and a cafe-bar. Zdrače Beach is a city beach resorts Betina, it is also partly sand and gravel. Blocks sun are made of concrete, equipped with showers and a cafe-bar. Shallow Beach Wave is near Betina, and partly gravel, partly sandy and partly rocky. It is suitable for children. In its vicinity there is a camp, and is equipped with a restaurant and cafe-bar.
 Kosirina Beach is also located near Betina, and partly sand, partly gravel and partly rocky. The bay is also a camp, and is equipped with catering facilities for drinking and eating. It is suitable for children and diving enthusiasts. Beach &quot;Lovišća&quot; a pebble beach, which is located within the homonymous camp located near the lakes. It is equipped with a restaurant and cafe-bar, and offers many additional services such as paddle boats, tennis, mini golf, beach ... Jazina the pebble beach is located in Tisno settlement on the island of Murter. blocks the sun are made of concrete. In its vicinity there is a camp. It is equipped with showers, and offers numerous additional facilities such as canoes, tennis ... LOLIĆ BEACH - Bearer of the &quot;Blue Flag&quot; near the island Murter, on land, there is a tourist village Pirovac, known for its main beach Lolić, long the holder of the international recognition of purity &quot;Blue Flag&quot;.
 Beach Lolić a pebble beaches accessible pedestrian zone with a ban on sales during the summer. The beach is suitable for disabled persons and is equipped with lifeguards, showers, changing rooms, as well as additional amenities such as restaurants, recreational facilities and the like. Beach has two information desks, where it is possible to obtain any additional information. Besides the beach Lolić, better known beaches in the Pirovcu and Stony Beach hotel and beach &quot;quiet&quot;. Tribunj BEACHES settlement Tribunj there are two beaches - Zamalin and blue sea. Zamalin Beach is the most popular beaches in Tribunju, not only in summer, but winter is a favorite gathering place for residents and apartments. It is a pebble beach with concrete blocks for sunbathing. surrounded by pine forests, and in its immediate vicinity there are numerous restaurants, supermarket, patisserie, parking, blue sea ... beach is suitable for children.
 Equipped with a children&#39;s playground, and I have access to the sea is sandy. Nearby are restaurants and coffee bars. Nearby Tribunj settlement Sovlje is Sovlje and pebble beaches, protected from wind and suitable for children. BEACHES OF GUIDANCE AND AREA BLUE BEACH - HOLDER &quot;Blue Flag&quot; in Vodice, you can choose whether to swim on the sandy, gravel, concrete or rocky beaches, which are surrounded by pine trees, which creates the perfect shade. The most popular beach is Plava beach - holder of the international awards for cleanliness has &quot;Blue Flag&quot;. It is decorated four kilometer long pebble beach, equipped with additional amenities and catering facilities. During the summer, organized scuba diving and sailing, and can be rented, and various sports equipment. On the other side of town there is a pebble beach Hangar, especially popular among young people, equipped with numerous sports facilities, restaurants and cafés open until late at night.
 In the neighboring village Srima are also beautiful beaches surrounded by pine trees, some of which are located in the village. The beaches are mostly pebbled and paved, however there is one small part of sand. The resort faces the island Prvić, famous for its sandy beach in the resort Prvić Šepurine, especially suitable for children. ŠIBENSKE CITY BEACH WHITE BEACH - Bearer of the Blue Flag beach in the resort Jadrija pebbly beach offers lots of facilities, a favorite summer gathering place for citizens of Sibenik. Approximately 6 km from the city center of Sibenik, in &quot;Solaris&quot; is situated white beaches, the international awards for the cleanliness of the sea &quot;Blue Flag&quot;. The beach is approximately 700 m, and is suitable for children, swimmers and people with disabilities. It is covered with sand and fine gravel. It is equipped with many additional amenities, like showers, toilets, cabins and rescuers.
 The suburb is located Brodarica pebble beach breaker &#39;s yards, and on the neighboring island Krapanj are also sandy beaches suitable for children and lovers of sports activities. A few kilometers south of Brodarice in a village Žaborić you will find beautiful sandy and sandy beach, a special favorite among the younger population Šibenčana. Grebaštica offers its guests a sandy beach, suitable for children, among them the famous Galešnica, Banovci, Jakovljevic, while the beach in a village near Šparadići Grebaštica also suitable for a family vacation. BEACHES southern portion of the Primosten Resort in the south region is known for its beautiful sandy beaches of Little Raduča, United Raduča, local beach Porat, Popožo, Bristol, ... The beaches on the peninsula Raduča are particularly suitable for children, surrounded by pine trees, and are equipped with many additional amenities. In the village of Rogoznica there are numerous gravel, concrete and rocky beaches, including famous Lozica, Stupin, Šepurine ...
 POSEBNOST Sibenik area Specific benefits of the Sibenik area are numerous hidden coves and secluded beaches, you can easily find just exploring the area. We believe that this will be one of the reasons for your coming again!
 