Hari Kostov was named prime minister of Macedonia 3rd June 2004. Was replaced by Branko Crvenkovski, who is 28 April won in a runoff vote in early presidential elections. Educated economist, Kostov served as interior minister when he was 14th Crvenkovski May nominated Prime Minister. Kostov was born on 13th November 1959. in the village Pisnica, Probistip. In 1983. Graduated from the Faculty of Economics, University of St. Cyril and Methodius University in Skopje. After five years he served in the government of the Yugoslav republic of Macedonia, Kostov in 1988. appointed economic adviser in the cabinet. In this position remains to February 1994. Or more than two years after Macedonia&#39;s secession from Yugoslavia in November 1991. Kostov in 1994., During the first term as prime minister Crvenkovski of Macedonia, was appointed Deputy Minister of Finance. He led the state coordinating committee for banking reform.
 Since August 1995. until October 1996., Kostov served as assistant executive director of World Bank for a group of countries that included Macedonia. Until his appointment as interior minister 2002nd, he worked as executive director of the commercial banks. In his address to the Macedonian Parliament after his appointment as prime minister, Kostov said his government&#39;s priorities will include full implementation of the Ohrid Agreement, economic progress and integration into Euro-Atlantic structures. He also promised to intensify efforts in the fight against organized crime and corruption, and efforts at improvement of inter-ethnic relations in the country. &quot;Only the strengthening and improvement of inter-ethnic relations, meduetnickog trust, real and permanent coexistence, ethnic and religious tolerance, and respect for human rights and freedoms are the true path to lasting peace and political stability.
 [Ohrid] Framework Agreement and its principles, rights and obligations determine the further path, which is the only route to Euro-Atlantic integration, &quot;Kostov said.
 