Today at 17.30 hours in Varazdin, Croatia is a young football team, players under 21 years, played perhaps the decisive match to go to the European Championships in Denmark next year. Croatian opponent has been selected types of Norway, which is in the qualifying group 7 in six games managed to collect just four points and is in fourth place. On the other hand, Drazen Ladic chosen after a shocking defeat in the first round of Cyprus at home recorded four wins and one draw, and with thirteen points, two rounds before the end, leads the group with two points ahead of Slovakia, and four more from Serbia. The victory in today&#39;s meeting is for the Croatian team is imperative, because only first-placed to qualify from the group directly to a European festival. The ideal scenario would be a day celebrations in Varazdin, Croatian, and the outcome of a draw in the duel between the two first two companions of Slovakia and Serbia.
 In such case, the outcome of Croatia to ensure first place in the group round before the end. Yesterday was the camp reperezentacije located in Sveti Martin na Muri received confirmation of an injury a young Dinamo Tomislav Barbaric, on which menu Ladić not be able to count on in today&#39;s meeting, and the questionable performance Sime VRSALJKO, another player of Dinamo, however, that twenty brought together two players must come off, are injury dinamovac menu solved effortlessly around the band. Drazen Ladic was dictated to the public yesterday with an initial composition of the questionnaire, about the rush hour attack. - How is Nikola Kalinic canceled appearance, hesitate between Anthony Vukusic and John Santini in the attack. The rest of the set is known. On the goal will be Kelava, defending Vida, Vrsaljko, Lovren Maloča and in midfield, eggs, Badelj, Oremuš, bats and Perisic. In the first meeting in Norway, Croatia beat the host with a 3:1, which gives reason for optimism before the meeting today.
 The stakes are high, but in the year before the young selected species showed that he knows and can beat anyone. Angustifolium BOSNIĆ
 