Siroki Brijeg - Nazi Flag Pecari! The act of an individual or group? No matter - condemn. Bakir Hadžiomerović? Human eggs! Once I saw his show on the Federal Television, but I like many others stopped. However, here are friends told me how Bakir announced this Monday due to the aforementioned Nazi flags to match players of Siroki Brijeg and Sarajevo. OK, have the right to condemn the human side of this act, but as I said to colleagues &quot;that all gay Širokobriježani called derogatory names Lištičani! Written by: Danijel Ivankovic I will remind you, so they called us before the war and the liberation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Croatian Republic. Having spent 45 years we were under communist clutches, thank God for two decades we, and we know how the sacrifices in bringing down communist Yugoslavia called the Bastille! Communism? For the uninitiated ideology by the modern world and Europe a few years ago and officially condemned by public declarations, and which, unfortunately, various other Jalijas at different H score and still praise.
 So the Communists wanted to Siroki Brijeg Lištica called, but the truth is Bakira only one. Cards are only a river called, Siroki Brijeg and the Holy Name it. Bakira I know, has long been something Siroki Brijeg and the valuable people bother your current mentors led by Lagumdzija, and his onetime mentor. Bakira Communism in Europe is dying, we see here in BiH is not yet extinct, and the evidence you&#39;ve just Bakira by the local people perceived as some kind of Hajj with a hostile television Siroki Brijeg and Croats in Herzegovina. Pilgrims who obviously wants to get back in to a dark age of communism in the manner of George Galic, president SUBNOR BiH, which during the Second World War seemed very dreadful crimes against the people of Siroki Brijeg, this people call this &quot;Lištičanima&quot;, thus giving the knowledge to believe that we still live in some kind of Yugoslavia. Well, gosh Bakira, right here, and even after 20 years in that your &quot;multi-cult&quot; of Sarajevo, where today there are more Chinese than Croats or Serbs, no one has warned that it is your only Yugoslavia had died.
 Had died because she was a failure, but failures are an integral part of the human race, as an example we&#39;re here and you&#39;ve Bakira. South is a means krepala Bakira. Today we Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia. Yes, Bosnia and Herzegovina, which in your grief and many Croatians perceive as their homeland, even more than all kinds Jalijas. Well, the current arrangement of BiH Croats, most not at will, but nothing you would not worry Bakira, because soon the day will come when it will be to change. Because of a Nazi flag, which was at a football match &quot;thanks&quot; nonsense individual or a couple of them, you as usual in your maloumno budalaškim observations generaliziraš thing, so miserable in his commentary izvališ term &quot;Lištičani&quot;, or that we zaključiš Širokobriježani &quot; carefully cherish the memory of fascism and Nazism Pavelic and Hitler &quot;! Well, my stupid Bakira, let me study a little history, at least this bit closer, then you should not go 500 years back, and you know that on average due to the then current religious affiliation in the Republic of Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina more of your Muslims and any the Ustasha army, but Catholics and Croats, which is a considerable number of coastal areas, and Istria went to Partizan.
 I do not want to compare the Ustasha and Partisans, because both are made of shit which is a normal human hair-raising, but I want you just to explain that, if normal postaviš these things, you realize that Nazism and fascism, coming from you and burrow you&#39;ve landed in Sarajevo, but for example, &quot;Lištičanima! I therefore hereby Bakira message to you and all Jugonostalgičarima from television that the constituent peoples of Bosnia and Herzegovina zavađa more than once the dictatorship of Slobodan Milosevic - fuck more! You do not need us &quot;Lištičane&quot; coddle, but at least I do not dolijevati fuel to the fire and create even more division in this troubled and blood-soaked earth. This is the earth and hardworking people, who care about coexistence, but in a different, more normal way, rather than returning to the past time and forcing the story to us was nice in those times! &quot;This Time&quot; are behind us, it&#39;s a closed chapter of the book, and ultimately the question is how many people would have returned to those times, because if you feel comfortable and has a handful of those who have not felt so good.
 They did not feel free as it is still felt today in Bosnia and Herzegovina, although your mentor headed by Zlatko Lagumdzija live in the spirit of a past attempt of Bosnia and Herzegovina do in Yugoslavia where all the small nations were under one paw. But, Bakir, here are just for you, we&#39;ll let this one occasion pjesmuljak to visiting as the DPR Korea kids singing to Tito Second, model your life, and during his visit to the Asian country 1977th year. In Titus there were a great friend, the other ... because they propagated the same criminal communist ideology. And do you know how Bakira now lives in DPR Korea? You know you are there? Well you, DPR Korea, I was somehow much closer to South Korea that Tito never felt his friend, and which is now 100 times better than living in your DPR Korea. And because all Jalijas like Baqir razgulite of us &quot;Lištičana.
 To start a bit cool and drop the ball on the ground, because the ball is round and favorites do not always win. Here, for example, Sarajevo in the last eight games with each other not widely known for winning, but who knows, maybe their luck smiled on this Wednesday Pecari and the Cup match get Siroki Brijeg? Like Baqir and many others are firing at full osuli Siroki Brijeg, even portals Milorad Dodik, the Croatian language in the same context, put the case Širokobriježanina Miroslav Kutle this event. What can I say but our God forbid such. Again, some were sent a letter to UEFA to sanction NK Siroki Brijeg of these flags. Just like that Pecara the first stadium in which it happened. No, not at first, and probably not last. Better acquainted with football and (not) know football opportunities that such flags appeared on many razvikanijim stadiums and significantly better than the democratic state organization as our own.
 I will enumerate a few well-known fan clubs such as Feyenoord, Schalke, Wisla Krakow, Lazio ... and UEFA to punish NK Siroki Brijeg? And so did a tidy club can be fined more than that which is such a Bosnia and Herzegovina, and one such as the Football Association run it Banditos type Dominković Čolaković, Ušanović? Hahahaha. The UEFA wants to play in its competitions, clubs like Siroki Brijeg, and not some (Bakira you try to guess who would it be?) Who have no licenses for licenses to Europe or come to different political and criminal channels. At first glance Bakira common man is disgusted by it all, but again on the other hand, thanks to you know how many hours and so thank you. You know what I see today&#39;s Bosnia and Herzegovina? Thanks to Tito&#39;s legacy today is Bakira half of Bosnia and Herzegovina in Serbian hands, while in the Federation BiH government of the former Tito&#39;s students who prove their skill in stealing and spreading the ordinary eye the poor.
 But, Bakir, here&#39;s a suggestion on my part, that istražiš one case. In fact, I have never anywhere in the FTV is the only one who heard that your in Yugoslavia defended the late Alija Izetbegovic, when he and several colleagues ended up in prison? Have you ever wondered who was the only protest about this? Because of this arrest? Only the Croats and as such like you say you love &quot;Ustashi emigrants. It happened in Canada in front of the Yugoslav Embassy! I also have footage and photos from this event, so if you want to publish a free call, should give you a complete video and photo documentation. Bakira, too, might not be that bad and his team go to Prijedor and istražiš as the crime occurred there 1942nd year? Poor, elderly residents asked a word about it? Or you made inquiry as Muslims were killed in Bleiburg? And by whom were killed there? It is not only Croatian, but also Bosnian Way of the Cross.
 It taught Bosnians know, so you and Jalijas like you a little book in hand and teach history. Learn about the future. Do not play the Americans. America is a country far away and high. In the end I&#39;ll Bakira still worth telling something one did to me speaking from my village, a &quot;Lištičanin&quot; which now has 80 and couple of years. He once said that there are 4 groups of people, namely: 1) Those who know you know 2) Those who do not know that they know 3) Those who know do not know 4) Those who do not know that they do not know I know What did we say that? He says that these are the most dangerous last. I am sure, knowing this Grandpa, how would you he ranks just in this last group. So, among dangerous. Bakira, you&#39;re a dangerous guy! JAVNO.ba
 