Europe&#39;s largest automobile club, ADAC, the German, who regularly provides useful information to its members, has published an interesting information for those who just saved on tourist travel by car, in a European destination. Fuel is cheap in Croatia! All foreigners know why tourists are advised that when traveling to the Adriatic Sea that gives only as much fuel as they need to come to our country, then fill. Because of the expensive fuel in Italy, those who plan to vacation in the Apennines, it is advisable to fill the reservoir cap in Austria. It also advises the tank on motorways, where the price is the same, and the service is better than on local roads. In Germany, namely, fuel stations along the highway, on which no toll is charged, more expensive than on other roads. It is certainly good news at a time when the Austrian Traffic Club VCO announced that Croatia has najpogibeljnije roads in Europe.
 Although the news that there are truths, it is based on data from two years ago, since the number of casualties decreased by one third and is largely tendeciozan, to hurt our tourism industry and European tourists motivated to spend summer vacation in the Austrian Alps. German ADAC special insecurity does not expire, but he stressed that Croatia should call the police and after a minor accident. They obviously know very well what we have repeatedly advised our readers - complete with European warranty is worthless paper without a police record, if the culprit subsequently denied guilt. All the better state of our roads, and regulations, largely in line with the situation in Europe. This was confirmed objectively the German report. Although the situation is far from ideal, it is noticeable progress in the past two years. Our highways have contributed to the improvement of the tourism industry and will be even better when you improve the driving culture and strengthen the protective fencing.
 What we learn in this is that tourists are very much familiar with the particularities of each country&#39;s tourism and that any measure in favor of tourists welcomed. Does not emphasize is that our toll expensive, but not particularly convenient, because it is six cents per kilometer, slightly cheaper than in Italy and France and at the level of prices in Greece. Therefore, we thought through discounts and special offers toll certainly achieve good results. ŽELJKO MARUŠIĆ not brzajte in Sweden Cheapest is exceeding the speed limit in the Czech Republic, Poland, Romania and Slovakia. For 20 km / h more than permissible will pay only 15 euros. For the same excess in Denmark will have to pay 270 euros, 300 in Spain, Norway and even 400 euros. Going through a red light at least standing in Romania, 20 euros. For such an offense in Germany you will be fined 200 euros, 300 in Spain, Norway and even from 650 euros.
 In Slovenia, a fine of 125 euros, but has been in Italy 258-1035 euros. In Britain the penalty to 7473 euros. In Sweden, followed by automatic prison sentence. Wants cable tow in the Czech Republic, Denmark, Slovenia, Macedonia and Norway is obliged to daylight and at night, in Spain during the ride may not call any &#39;hands-free&#39;. BiH is the only European country that still provides spare lamps and tow cable. The speed limit CITY: Croatia and most countries limit is 50 km / h. Exceptions are Albania - 35, Macedonia 40, United Kingdom - 48, while Belarus, Bosnia, Moldova, Serbia, Ukraine and Russia have a limit of 60 km. Outside the village: in Croatia and in most countries is 90 km / h. Exceptions are Albania - 60, Bosnia, Montenegro, Denmark, Ireland, Netherlands, Norway, Serbia, Switzerland - 80, UK - 96, while the recorder Austria by 100 HIGHWAYS: Albania, Norway - 90 km / h, Crna Gora - 100, Moldova, Belarus, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Russia - 110, UK - 112, Belgium, Bosnia, Greece, Ireland, Finland, Macedonia, Netherlands, Portugal, Serbia, Spain, Switzerland, Sweden, Turkey - 120, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Croatia, Italy, Luxembourg, Poland, Rumanjska, Slovakia, Slovenia, Hungary, Ukraine, Romania - 130th
 Germany has no general restrictions, but they have the individual sections.
 