At the invitation of the President of the Group of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament Martin Schulz, president of SDP, Zoran Milanovic gave a speech at the regular monthly meeting of the group in Brussels. I tried to put emphasis on Chapter 23 and warned that those who have an interest to focus on these issues, to distinguish what is important, it is possible that Croatia needs to be done to reform what is less important and no one great probative value, and these are primarily artillery diaries, said Milanovic told reporters after the meeting. Milanovic said that Croatia needs to reform, to depoliticize the judiciary and police, and everything else is hype. I invited our colleagues to think about, I put some questions to see what the artillery logs and whether it is indeed a real obstacle to the opening of this chapter, these diaries are there, and if so, what they should prove it.
 I have tried to awaken in them a worm of doubt and it will be great if I was in the least bit successful, he said. A constitutional change on which the Croatian government and the opposition speak no words. Vice-President of the Socialist factions and parliamentary rapporteur Hannes Swoboda, said that he does not want to interfere in the issue of the Croatian Constitution, but added that it should clarify things, to establish clear rules to vote, to vote for people who have a life interest in Croatia. Swoboda has rejected the interpretation that the Party of European Socialists (PES), a few weeks ago in a statement, which welcomed the speech Croatian Ivo Josipovic President of the Parliament to vote a declaration on Srebrenica, the Serbian parliament, equalized Croatian and Serbian responsibility for crimes in Bosnia. I think it can not be so read. There was no indication that the responsibility for the Croatian and Serbian atrocities in Bosnia were more or less the same.
 That&#39;s not true, Swoboda said, adding that the responsibility of Serbia is much higher and that is even more important for Serbia to move the same way as Croatia. After the meeting, Milanovic and Hannes Swoboda, vice president of the Group of Socialists and Democrats and the European Parliament&#39;s rapporteur for Croatia, will hold a press conference, a scheduled series of bilateral meetings with prominent socialists in the European Parliament.
 