Like lightning from a clear sky resounded on Friday in the Austrian news media that the special police unit Hypo SOKO on Thursday afternoon, conducted a raid in the headquarters of Hypo Alpe Adria Bank in Klagenfurt. The official explanation of the Austrian State Attorney&#39;s Office that the raids result of &quot;lack of cooperation&quot; with investigators. Die Presse and the Austrian Times reported that the target of five investigators Hypo Bank&#39;s subsidiaries in Southeastern Europe, Kleine Zeitung got a statement Attorney Helmut Jamniga that were the focus of the credit operations in Croatia. This is the second raid in Hypu of autumn, no particularity of this time is that the investigation team led by chief I SOKO Hypo Bernhard Gaber. On the cards of visitors to the bank for him and marched the three prosecutors, four financial experts and even 30-odd other officers armed with laptops to copy data.
 Kleine Zeitung, did not receive confirmation of whether the raids do with Vladimir Zagorec and former CEO Günther Striedinger who is the former general often operated. While Kleine Zeitung states already known about the financing scandal helicopters and tourist resorts in Savudrija, Kurier writes about the &quot;new knowledge about four credit transaction&quot;, which apparently have links with the Croatian. Particularly interesting is the statement by the public prosecutor on top of Hypo voluntary consent to the investigation. - Today, the bank accepted our offer, regardless of coercive measures, and we willingly supplied the requested information - Jamnig said the bank&#39;s management in turn said that &quot;the investigation fully support the appropriate authorities.&quot; As the Hypo Bank in particular exploring the job and with disastrous financial consequences of several billion euros per bank BayernLB, Austrian and German public inquiry very interested.
 Among the people that are specifically plunge investigators from the Green Party about Rolf Holub emphasized the Finance Minister Josef Pröll the Austrian People&#39;s Party, Vladimir Zagorec, the former Bavarian governor Edmund Stoiber (CSU) and Claudia Haider, widow of the late-right populist politician Jörg Haider.
 