Croatian negotiations with the European Union closer to its end and this country will, as expected in Brussels, most probably become the 28th EU member. From the start this week and talks with Iceland. I was almost certain that the Scandinavian country in a very short deadline to end negotiations. The only obstacle to Iceland&#39;s membership of the possible negative outcome of the referendum, in which the inhabitants of the island in the north of Europe to decide whether or not to become part of the Union. Along with Macedonia, whose negotiations for the name dispute blocking the Greeks, the status of candidate country has only Turkey. A skepticism about Turkey&#39;s EU membership is great - although this week to accept Turkey&#39;s clear words advocated by British Prime Minister David Cameron. The issue of Turkish membership is currently causing the greatest gap between the states. Bildunterschrift: Angela Merkel and Nicolas Sarkozy are against Turkey&#39;s full membership in the European Union High, low, side: these three words best describe the way to Turkey as the country experienced in the most member of the European Union.
 Turkey is bigger than France, the population almost as large as Germany, and the amount of gross domestic product and is even poorer than Romania. In the EU, as far as the third epithet &quot;side&quot;, avoiding to speak openly in public, but between the lines to suggest that Europeans think about the Turks. &quot;I think it&#39;s in our interests are closely linked with the Muslim world, especially with Turkey. But we&#39;re not sure of the form: if the full membership of Turkey, or for example through a privileged partnership, &quot;said last year, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, after receipt of Turkey into the Union requested the U.S. President Barack Obama. Much clearer than Merkel French President Nicolas Sarkozy. He thinks that &quot;Turkey&#39;s place in the EU&quot;. &quot;furious because I was blocking Turkey&#39;s&quot; open accession negotiations with Turkey was unanimously supported by 2004th at the Summit of Heads of State and Government of the EU.
 The intention was that within 10-15 years examine whether Turkey is ready for the general membership. As things currently stand, the membership may not be anything. The European Union has, after several rounds of enlargement, &quot;tired&quot; of new members, and the enthusiasm of the Turks has waned after repeated criticism from European capitals. David Cameron, head of the British government, is one of the few European politicians who openly advocates the admission of Turkey: &quot;When you think of Turkey as a NATO member, has taken to defend Europe and currently in Afghanistan, then I am enraged by blocking the entry of these countries in EU, &quot;Cameron said earlier this week in Ankara and vowed to be the&quot; best lawyer &quot;Turkish interests in Brussels. Bildunterschrift: ... and David Cameron for the entry of Turkey into the EU is now time for the opponents of Turkish membership. Turkey in the negotiations must prove that it is able to adapt to legal and other EU standards, and this process goes very, very slowly.
 So slowly that before Turkey will become EU members, Croatia and Iceland. The long way before other candidates: the negotiations with Macedonia on the &quot;ice&quot; because of the dispute with Greece over its name, and Albania, Montenegro and Serbia are only applied for initiating pregovoračkog process. Author: Katrin Brand, Brussels / S. Matic Re. ed: Nenad Kreizer
 