Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister Ivan Suker said, after talks with officials from the International Monetary Fund and World Bank in Washington, that Croatia is definitely out of the crisis and that the fourth quarter of this year will be positive. Croatia is definitely out of the crisis, have created the preconditions for this, all measures are taken. We are slower and later than many have entered into a crisis and, unfortunately, later emerge, the minister told Croatian reporters in Washington. All progress, Croatia is the World Bank yesterday reported a return to economic growth in Eastern Europe and Central Asia (ECA), in 30 countries in the region, only four still in recession and recorded negative growth - Kyrgyzstan, Romania, Croatia and Latvia. On the question of classifying the Croatian side by side Kirigistana, Suker said that there still is a big difference. Speaking about the discussions that led to the annual meeting of IMF and World Bank, and the fact that Croatia is among the few countries that has not yet emerged from the crisis, confirmed that the Croatian this year have negative growth, but the fourth quarter will be positive, while next year&#39;s expected economic growth of 1.5 or 1.6 percent, which agrees Croatian forecasts and those of international financial institutions.
 He stressed that officials IMF and World Bank in talks with the Croatian delegation expressed support for measures of economic recovery. We had a very good discussion at the World Bank, with the full support of measures for economic recovery as well as in the IMF. The World Bank will provide funding to support specific reform projects in Croatia, the minister said, adding that it was good news from Washington. On the question of whether Croatia following the world trend of encouraging exports as engines of recovery, which is one of the central themes together in Washington, Suker said that Croatia follows this trend and that the export growth rate in the first seven months of this year, which is one of the best macroeconomic indicators. Minister of Finance said that in conversations that led to Washington and opened the question of delays in amendments to labor laws and a proposed pension reform, adding that in Croatia, all talking about reforms, and when to implement reforms that are all against it.
 Asked about the solution to the problem of unwillingness to reform in Croatia, said that &quot;the world looks at us through if we are willing to deceive the line&quot;, where the first to submit a victim, but after this collection of bonuses, if reforms are implemented on time. Suker was again ruled out the possibility that Croatia has requested IMF assistance to exit from the crisis, stressing that there was no discussion on stand-by arrangement with the fund. Asked about a possible new Croatian borrowing by commercial banks, with respect to meetings of members of the delegation with representatives of six major banks - HSBC, Daiwa, Deutsche Bank, JP Morgan, Societe Generale and Barclays, Minister Suker responded negatively stating that it is a regular contact at meetings of international financial institutions. Croatian minister met with Phillipeom Le Houreouom, World Bank Vice President for Eastern Europe and Central Asia, Peter Harrold, World Bank Country Director for Central Europe and Baltic countries, and the executive director of the IMF Ageom Baker and other officials, Hina reports.
 At a rally in Washington involved a delegation of the Croatian National Bank, led by Governor Zeljko Rohatinski.
 