Jesus&#39; parables are a way of talking pictures in which Jesus pictures from everyday life is a spiritual reality and the Kingdom of God. More than a third of Jesus&#39; words were parables. Adjustments are karakterstične for the Gospel. In the prophetic proclamation of the Old Testament can also be found similar comparisons, metaphors and allegories. In the New Testament was about Jesus&#39; 40 parables. They are colorful language understandable to the then period. Jesus speaks often in the present tense about things in nature and in people&#39;s lives occur regularly, with the timeless meaning. Connects the image and reality. There are common links between everyday life and spiritual reality and the Kingdom of God. As a shepherd rejoices discovered a sheep, so God rejoices over one sinner obraćenog. Adjustments do not have a teaching role, but persuasive than coherence, generality and something that has universal significance. [1] Parabole subspecies are parables.
 In them, Jesus describes a single event that occurred once or was intended as such. Storytelling is often tense and dramatic. The aim is to move, to inspire conversion, to reach the heart. Such are the parables such as the prodigal son (LK 15.11 to 32) and the rich man and Lazarus (Lk 16:19-31). Instructive examples of the kind of parable, which izmišljenje stories with lessons. The aim is to encourage people to behave better. An example is the story of the Good Samaritan (Lk 10, 29-37). The scenes in parables from the world of adults and children, from different professions, rich and poor strata of society. It serves our purpose of Jesus to be saved and that the kingdom of God is in all spheres of human life. Power is a parable in responding listener. The parables appear different from the unexpected moments of human logic as in the parable of the workers in the vineyard (Mt 20.1 to 16). Thus Jesus is placed in front of the listener two worldviews: the current and new.
 Many parables end with the question and allow the listener to decide which path to choose. Jesus wants to be recognized in pripodobama listeners, to feel affected, to recognize what is wrong in their previous life and to take a new and different attitude from the past. [2] In the Gospel of John has no parables, because the Apostle John almost does not speak of the Kingdom of God which is the main theme of the parable. Jesus prispodbe are autobiographical in character with the events of Jesus&#39; life. Some parables are calling for vigilance, to open eyes to a different world view, to seek God&#39;s kingdom. Such, for example, the parable of the wise and foolish virgins (Mt 25.1 to 10). Some parables are a response to criticism of the Pharisees and the rich circles of society, members of the elite. Jesus accepted and rejected, low strata of society and krizira rigid attitudes of the elite, which wants to gain a change of opinion. An example of such a parable is the parable of the Pharisee and the publican (Lk 18,10-14).
 Some parables express the pain, the rejection of God as pripodobe of the sower (Mt 13.3 to 8), when only the fourth seed gives the harvest, and the rest is wasted. [Edit] The most famous parables [edit] Sources [edit] References in the Commons there are multimedia related to: Jesus &#39;parables v • d • Jesus • Annunciation secluded life of Jesus&#39; birth • Presentation in the Temple • World Day • Flight to Egypt Public Action Baptism • Jesus &#39;temptation in the wilderness • The Wedding at Cana • Selection of the apostles with Nicodemus • • • The Sermon on the Mount Transfiguration on Mount Tabor • Jesus • Miracles of Jesus&#39; parables • Jesus • Jesus and the children and women of passion and resurrection of festive entry into Jerusalem • The Last Supper • The Agony on the Mount of Olives • The trial of Jesus • Jesus • Lashing crown of thorns • Way of the Cross • Crucifixion • Jesus on the cross • burial • Resurrection • The road to Emmaus • Ascension • Jesus in the Eucharist Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/ wiki / Isusove_prispodobe &quot;Category: New Testament
 