Since the beginning of October natural gas price for industry is five cents lower, so companies cubic meter of gas pay rate 3.62 including VAT instead of 3.67 million, while there is no indication that will change the price for households, which is 2 , 85 Kuna, VAT and state subsidies, nor that there will be difficulties about the supply. He pointed out that John Topolnjak, director TERMOPLIN, announcing the start of the heating season Friday, but the ceremony marking the 40th anniversary of the gasification of Varazdin and the work of this company that began as part of GIK OOUR Zagorje, to the years grew into a regional distributor. - Expanding on some of the Krapina-Zagorje, we stepped out of the Varazdin County, where more than 90 percent of the area covered by the gas network. Our rapid development started after the privatization 1994th when we had 250 kilometers of pipeline and power consumption of 56 million cubic meters, and today a total of 1800 kilometers of pipeline to which it is connected to more than 30 000 members, who annually consume 120 million cubic feet of natural gas - said the director TERMOPLIN, which is among the three leading domestic distributor.
 Thanks to the law among the cheapest on the gas market, which has not lived up fully, Termoplin today competes with the gas all over Croatia, and Topolnjak announces further expansion. - In doing so we are sensitive to the social and do not let the high prices, so dealers are among the lowest gas prices, and will probably continue. In addition we take into account network security, as well as the environment, so we are back in 2005. built the first cogeneration plant total electrical power 33 kW and 65 kW thermal power, which simultaneously produces electricity and thermal energy for its own needs and the delivery system in the HEP - Topolnjak said. Commenting on allegations that the city&#39;s utility companies make profit, not reducing their prices, Topolnjak Termoplin warned that no utility company or a monopolist, since all the energy market and its operations controlled by NO and other bodies. 29th Celebration
 October TERMOPLIN anniversary will mark the 29th October That day 40 years ago in the then GIK Zagorje, despite the suspicions of a new energy future, based gasification plant. These, 1970. years, Varazdin was among the first cities in Croatia, which came a new energy source - natural gas. After becoming the 9200 meters of pipeline, natural gas first came into the General Hospital Varazdin, and then to other users. - A ship then set sail on the sea over the years developed into a respectable company - said Topolnjak ceremony announcing the appropriate time. (K)
 