Croatian convincing managers were most pessimistic when it comes to leaving the economy out of recession - unlike their European counterparts, who believe that the economic crisis reached its peak late last year, 60 percent of domestic expected to happen in late 2010. or even next year. Here are cutting costs and reducing liquidity remains the focus of the Croatian economy, while foreign companies have already begun to grow the business and strong sales initiatives. Key indicators are the latest, the fifth study on trends in the restructuring that was conducted by consulting firm &quot;Roland Berger&quot; among 40-odd small and medium enterprises from seven different industries. According to respondents, the crisis in Croatia, mostly caused by the decline in sales, reducing investment, and chronic problems with debt collection. More than 60 percent of managers estimated that the above problems, and the next mark, 2011.
 year, a particularly worrying that nearly all respondents anticipate further staff reductions and a drop in private consumption. The study also found that more than half of the Croatian companies are still hard to come up with equity loans, where most of the problems businesses are set high interest rates and stricter conditions for obtaining credit. &quot;Illiquidity has hit 50 percent of Croatian companies, and adverse credit conditions were more pronounced in Croatia than in other countries. This fact may result in the company&#39;s strategic weaknesses in the short to medium term, which will further reduce their competitiveness, &quot;he said on this occasion, Dr. Vladimir Translated, managing partner of the Zagreb office of the&quot; Roland Berger &quot;. Employment Rate Regarding the measures taken by the Croatian company to fight the recession, as many as two thirds of them reduce the cost of staff, including stopping new employment, wage freeze and reduction.
 Compared with Europe, where 37 percent of companies reduced the number of employees by 10 percent in Croatia has done half the number. Instead of layoffs, most Croatian companies often decide to reduce the wage workers as a reason for these milder measures managers alleged fear that downsizing further slow the recovery of the economy. And while most companies in the world already turning stronger sales initiatives and other measures that should lead to business growth, in Croatia the situation is completely opposite. Cost cutting continues to be seen as the salvation of a recession, and the vast majority of local managers believe that financial institutions and the tourism sector to feel the first improvement. &quot;The results of the study &#39;Roland Berger&#39; indicator of the overall psychological state of the nation&#39;s broader social factors, which are the strongest evidence about the events of works in the city center, and gathering petitions for a referendum to amend the Labour Act.
 In this social situation, attitudes of managers are just the result of the general situation in society, &quot;commented Damian Kuštrak, president of the Croatian Employers&#39; Association and executive vice president for export markets Agrokor. Kuštrak believes that the crisis has reached bottom, and just about &quot;the psychological state of the nation&quot; depends on whether we will continue to stagnate or exercise more or less growth. &quot;When the economic crisis is concerned, I think we can tell who has survived, he survived, although some incidents still possible ... Sever: Employers are incompetent, &quot;I think that Croatian managers are pessimistic because they know that they are incapable and incompetent, or they do not have the necessary skills to manage businesses. However, still believe that the political elite is unable, with the right, and it is normal that they are pessimistic, &quot;commented the study Kresimir Sever, president of the Independent Croatian Unions. Cutting costs by 9 percent of the study, &quot;Roland Berger&quot; in 2010.
 at the global level, showed that during a liquidity crisis was critical for 40 percent of the company, and the focus was on reducing costs - a total, personnel costs were reduced by an average of nine percent worldwide. Now, most companies believe that the worst of the economic crisis has passed, and expect significant improvements from mid-2010. But still the problem of rising unemployment. Growth of 0.1 percent of Croatian managers predict that in 2010. Croatia to achieve a minimum growth of gross domestic product from 0.1 percent, which is more optimistic than the CNB and the Institute of Economics, who expect a decline of one to 1.5 percent in 2011. predict moderate growth of 0.8 percent in 2011. Managers of Western Europe more optimistic view on economic development in their region and forecasts growth of one percent in 2010. and 1.5 percent in 2011. and at the global level of 1.1 percent in 2010.
 