Czech Republic, along with Slovakia, after the United States, is the world&#39;s largest producer of Pornofilme GAYS, said Joe A. Thomas, professor at the American Kennesaw State University, which is devoted to studies of historical and artistic sexual expression. In third place is Brazil, followed by Hungary, Spain, United Kingdom and Germany. The Czech Republic has some U.S. producers, of course, more domestic ones, but all are working for American clients. Some 67-year-old film producer, who &quot;opened the Czech media, but for this occasion used the false name of Howard, said that the Czech Republic is ideal for recording because the people take sex as just sex and do not have many inhibitions. &quot;In Hungary also recorded, but in ourselves, intimately, people do not tolerate. In Germany and Austria people are too rich to engage in it, Russia and Brazil are good for this country&#39;s industry, but the problems there, police matter, &quot;explained Howard&quot; Lidovym newspapers &quot;and added:&quot; When you many great men, and no problems with the authorities.
 Czech police do not care if they do not exceed certain limits ... &quot;Born brothers as lovers In addition to professional productions, many are gay Pornofilme filmed in Prague and exported to the world of pets poluamaterske production. There are fifteen large and medium-sized studies, specializing in gay porn. The best known are, besides Howard, Bel Ami / BAO, AVI / Staxus, Ayora and Hammer Entertainment. On average each day in Prague, finished in a DVD movie, except that each week a study produced by one hundredth of scenes that are available on the Internet. The sex-free shops in the U.S., the world&#39;s largest market, gay porn, they can find a movie whose names immediately reveal the provenance - &quot;Inside Prague&quot;, &quot;Prague Rising&quot;, &quot;Double Czech&quot; ... The latter is considered particularly controversial because of so-called twincesta - like lovers perform real brothers, and identical twins, with the already famous stage name Jirka (Jiri) and Karol Bartok.
 Twink is, otherwise, the terminology used for gay porn skinny, slender young beauties. A world-gay travelers to Prague Twinkpolis like to use the name, because many of these nice guys who are not at all disgusted earnings of gay porn and prostitution. Howard, I&#39;m gay and otherwise, for the pornoprodukciji 40 years. He left the U.S. 80-by when the &quot;epidemic of AIDS has made the gay porn business depression.&quot; In Prague, 20 years, there came from Amsterdam and soon decided to stay when he concluded that it is very easy to find free guys. &quot;Shortly after I arrived, I asked a stopper: Will you with me for $ 60? And he, immediately, without hesitation, he agreed. It was unreal, easily, &quot;recalls Howard, who argues that in Prague,&quot; people are enterprising and always think about how to get to some of the crown. &quot; Otherwise, before any recording must first resolve some legal matters.
 Golden era of gay porn in the Czech capital lasted until two to three years, then here and there to great competition and lower prices for the &#39;work&#39; / afp about U.S. law, the studio must have, in the case of control, the ID card database all models, as the jargon calls pornoglumac fine. Every one of them before working on a film shoot while holding his ID card which shows that they have more than 18 years and with this volume confirm that the owners of these identification documents. Pseudonyms can invent on the basis of names from the middle and eastern European countries, plus the nick-name, for example, Boris Chlupaty (Woolly), Igor Dlouhy (Long) ... Thousands of Czechs working as a &quot;model&quot;, often for higher studies, under different names. It is especially known Marek Toms who performs under the name Alan Capier, Alan Clarke, Felix Wallace, Philip Nowotny, Pavel Vlasek ... During the six-year career he made more than a hundred hardcore movies with over 600 partners.
 He, unlike most of the Czech model, really gay, exhibitionist, and that his job is working with enthusiasm. Because the records without a condom, are tested for HIV and other diseases transmitted by sexual intercourse each month. Golden era of gay porn in the Czech capital lasted until two to three years, then here and there to great competition and lowering prices, which reduced earnings &#39;model&#39; and producers. For the first performance Marek earned 13 500 SEK (around 530 euros) a month then earned about 130 000 crowns (more than five thousand euros). Now it&#39;s half as much. From film to prostitution Many &quot;models&quot; are used to quickly make and spend money, no one or hardly anyone can be proud that, thanks to that money, studied, bought an apartment, started a business ... And after a few years cease to be young, slim and beautiful so many fall to the bottom and become male prostitutes in gay clubs, which already has nearly fifty, mainly in the center or very near the center of Prague.
 Most Czech &quot;models&quot; that work is considered secondary income, most are married or living with a partner ... Their women are usually aware of this to their, as the Czechs, they say, &quot;side income&quot;, and that they generally do not mind, but, as they claim, they certainly would not be allowed to shoot straight porn. There are among them students, policemen, firemen, even in a film, attended by several soldiers - members of the honor guard in front of the presidential palace in Hradčanima. Once they are really in a hurry so in uniform came to shooting ... It is interesting that in the Czech Republic only 0.5 percent of the population admits his homosexuality, while those in the West about four percent. Experts say that the Czechs and beyond, as well as citizens in other countries of postcommunist Europe, konzervativistički avoid recognize their different sexual orientation, and gay porn flourished in this country is not due to the great liberality, but rather the pragmatic nature of the Czech Republic.
 The Czechs will admit that before they slept with someone for money, but because they are gay. Milan Lazarevic writes Hetero-actors are less choosy Howard says many gay porn fans want to watch the movie heterosexuals, prefer boys beginners, who can not hide some kind of horror, even the pain they feel until it hardened. Howard personally prefer to shoot with heterosexuals. &quot;When you want to work with men, will make it to any. With gay is often much more complicated. We&#39;ve one that we constantly dictated with whom they want, and who will not shoot. &quot;With a condom or bareback? In the United States are, otherwise, recorded exclusively gay porn with condoms. In the past two years AIDS has, thanks to new drugs, has ceased to be lethal, but became &quot;a lifelong disease.&quot; Therefore, the revived demand bareback (sex without condoms) in gay porn. These films will be paying more, so they moved almost all of them study in Prague.
 Justified by the fact that the Czech Republic is much less infected with HIV and with them has never been any outbreaks of this infection.
 