Andelin AND BRED with returnees to the RS-BOSNIA AND HERZRGOVINA 04.2010. Bosnia and Herzegovina will return Angelina Jolie will dress down bh politicians Jolie said that she was &quot;very inspired by this family. Despite the harsh reality of their unregulated lives, they are nejverojatno vigilant in making sure their children a better future&quot;. Bitno.ba&gt; Bosnia and Herzegovina&gt; Angelina Jolie will dress down bh politicians UNHCR Goodwill Ambassador Angelina Jolie and her partner Brad Pitt visited yesterday the displaced and returnees in BiH, and her visits with more than fourteen years after the war that destroyed Bosnia. After I saw these people and hear their stories, I can not stress enough how much it is necessary to focus on the welfare of vulnerable people ... As stated by the UNHCR, Jolie is briefly interrupted work on his latest film to bring attention to the misery in which 113,000 Bosnians who have been displaced from their homes and 7,000 refugees from the Croatian, many of which are housed in collective centers, often in appalling conditions.
 Jolie visited a collective center in Gorazde, where residents live in dilapidated housing with little support, a lot of them are completely helpless. Then she went to a village near Visegrad, where he visited a family and discuss their return to the area where the worst war crimes occurred. Jolie said that she was &quot;very inspired by this family. Despite the harsh reality of their unregulated lives, they are nejverojatno vigilant in making sure their children a better future.&quot; Jolie then went to Rogatica where he visited displaced people in another collective center, which lacking the most basic resources, such as running water. During the 1992nd-1995th year, displaced more than 2.2 million people, and this displacement has destroyed their lives, and suffering for many and continues to this day. Some of them, which is Jolie met during the visit, they talked about the horrors they have suffered, including rape and torture.
 - After I saw these people and hear their stories, I can not stress enough how much it is necessary to focus on the welfare of vulnerable people, &quot;said Jolie, you add that&quot; ... an end to displacement, and ensuring quality of life, we can help to promote long-term prosperity and stability &quot; . Jolie met with UNHCR staff who presented her proposals to help resolve the situation they are displaced. &quot;I hope we can find a solution for the remaining tens of thousands of displaced people,&quot; Jolie said, adding that &quot;only then can we close one of the most tragic chapters in modern history.&quot; Although her visit was short, Jolie said she hopes to &quot;return to this beautiful country soon and meet with political representatives with whom to discuss the final necessary solutions.&quot; Commenting on the future, she noted that BiH now has the opportunity to move forward through the end displacement and further capitalization in the EU accession process.
 &quot;Local leaders are the ones who are most responsible for it to choose options that will ensure that for this to occur,&quot; said the actress and UNHCR Goodwill Ambassador. bitno.ba
 