Even 74 percent of people also foster feelings for two or more persons, and 43 percent of them and leave the attraction and in parallel, in secret, embarks on yet another new relationship. In addition, the survey showed that among Four hundred people (readers and buyers of books publishing house Double debt, aged 25-55 years) of a third person&#39;s imagination more men, 80 percent. Neither women is alien to the feelings of other men arise and in 72 percent of women in the realization of both sexes are equally bold. Author of thirty books in the field of spirituality Adrian P. Kezele believes that the result only confirmed his impression of the practice and tens of thousands of personal counseling. Everything is turned into the latest book, &quot;Love - is not too much.&quot; When the third does not matter - Data from our survey show a little more likely than when they are doing similar research on the entire population, but I believe that our respondents were more honest.
 Anyway, a lot of people with a steady partner and attract someone else, the book is intended for all who are willing to accept the possibility that in connection with multiple partners, so called. višeljublju, there must be nothing wrong and immoral. Notwithstanding the usual notions and, provided that there is no lie, that is a topic that is shared with a partner with whom it arranges and modalities for the further life - says A. Kezele. Violation of a lifetime is convinced that the more connections survived openly about love and a trip to a third party but we think that it is healthier to deal with what we are than to live a lie. With time the psychiatrist Vladimir Gruden agrees in theory because it is only possible when the partners are equally mature. - The practice of telling me that it is best never to admit adultery. Partner time is usually hurt for a lifetime, and the one who made a trip tomorrow, I might realize that it was meaningless, a moment of weakness.
 What then is the recognition - said prof. Gruden.
 