&quot;TOGETHER WE ARE STRONGER&quot; Photo: FTV / D. Finally, the representatives of the Croatian people in the neighboring country realize the seriousness of the situation and the danger of Lagumdzija, or SDP, the party that at least conducted an aggressive policy of &quot;castration&quot; of the Croatian people, is a notorious fact that Ivo Komsic chosen to represent Bosniaks Croats. In Bosnia and Herzegovina, winning Covic&#39;s HDZ and HDZ 1990. God Ljubića signed a coalition platform, which they finally managed to agree on a joint appearance on the eve of crucial reforms in the neighboring country that could be devastating for the Croats, who are already in this country is reduced to the level of national minorities. The deal fell in Mostar in the country to the most rigid way outwitted the Dayton agreement so that only the Croats can not choose their representatives, or members of his presidency. That this is so evident by the fact that Dragan Covic, HDZ won the plebiscite support in the ranks of the Croatian people, but the numerous people chose Komsic Bosniak member of the Presidency to represent the Croats.
 What is really scandalous. Photo: Flash info Translated, the Croats will also seek federal unit that would no longer be a minority in their own country and how they still others would not tailored the fate as it was in the last elections, let us hope that this agreement only two HDZ not comes a bit late. - In that sense we have defined the basis of these considerations Kreševska Declaration and establishment of a federal unit with a Croatian majority, which will have executive, legislative and judicial authority - said the Croatian leader of the largest party in the neighboring country, Dragan Covic. The entire coalition agreement was published on the portal flash. Aware of the crucial info, historical time for the Croatian people in Bosnia and Herzegovina that the forthcoming negotiations on the implementation of constitutional amendments, committed to the unity of the Croatian people in the entire territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina, ensure full constitutional and institutional rights of the Croatian people with the other two people in a democratic and European opredijeljenoj Bosnia and Herzegovina, as well as Guided by the principles of cooperation and build mutual trust HDZ BiH represented by its President Dr.
 Dragan Covic and HDZ 1990 represented by its President Dr. Bozo Ljubic signed as follows: AGREEMENT ARTICLE 1 Principles for reform of the BiH Constitution Parties will be in the process of constitutional reforms follow the basis and principles of the Declaration Kreševska. To ensure absolute constitutional rights of the Croatian people and the other two constituent peoples in BiH in the territorial and institutional terms. The parties agree that such constitutional rights of the Croatian people can only provide the constitutional reform and the new territorial organization, which will include the establishment of a federal unit with a Croatian majority, which will incorporate the separation of powers into legislative, executive and judicial branches. Article 2 The principles of the Election Law of BiH The Parties agreed to a joint action to advocate for the amendment to the electoral law which will to the Croatian people in BiH to ensure selection of the legitimate representatives of the Croatian people in all authorities at all levels of government in BiH.
 Article 3 Principles of implementation of election results reached at the third general elections October 2010. year. Upon acceptance of this Agreement by the parties to party bodies will continue to agree to participate in government at all levels on the basis of agreed principles. Article 4 Relationship to other political parties and other relevant entities in BiH Parties shall co-ordinated and agreed to represent the interests defined in this Agreement in contacts and meetings with other political parties. Article 5 The Parties have agreed to represent a broad national consensus and involvement of other legitimate representatives of Croatian political parties in order to achieve vital national interests in accordance with this Agreement. Article 6 The achievement of agreement on the signing of this Agreement, the parties to the Agreement undertake to use all political and institutional available and legitimate means in order to fully ensure the implementation of this Agreement.
 Article 7 Final provisions This Agreement is made in two copies, each Party reserves 1 (one). The Agreement shall enter into force immediately upon its signing. All possible amendments to this Agreement, the parties will negotiate directly and by consensus, and the same will then be incorporated into this Agreement in addition to the same. In Mostar, 12 November 2010. The Dragan Covic and Bozo Ljubic
 