Among the many commentators constantly have my blog and those who seek to relativize the crimes of the communist, and in particular they want to separate from the communist ideology, which seemed to have nothing to do. Of course, not deprive them of their right to such a position, but some of them like to keep those others, including me, took away the right to even speak about the crimes, especially if they are still linked with communism, and then with Stalin, Lenin, Tito ... if you withdraw the parallels with the fascist and Nazi atrocities, and with fascism and communism. With what is all the more vocabulary and address appear, it is not fitting at all without saying. With this in general does not make sense or lead to some controversy. However, not long on this subject imparting an article that was written three years before prof. Ivo Banac: A few weeks ago, in a daily newspaper, I said that &quot;You can not just be anti-fascist, and that you are also anti-communist.&quot; The quotation is missing to whom this measure applies, and may relate only to those who support democracy, especially liberal democracy, that is, with all its faults, the optimal political system which has grown into postrevolucionarnoj Europe.
 It is, therefore, the legacy of the performance of citizenship, of the social segment of the European community and its successor civilization earned freedoms, rights and parliamentary representation. This is the one system that Croatia has never been fully applied to its independence, and then, initially, in a relatively limited extent. So in the interest of further development of our democracy that is free from those sediments which is shared by the broadest-based legitimacy. Because democratic legitimacy can not rest even on the smallest admixtures protudemokratskih and totalitarian ideas. Against my point in another daily newspaper, rose professor Nenad Miscevic. He stated a number of complaints, all in terms of differentiation of the communist ideology of the fascist one, because this is the first, according to him, however, can be justified, mainly due to its original good starting point or purpose, which he admittedly does not specify. Professor Miščević Arguments are as follows: If the judge fascist crimes, you must condemn and communist.
 With this up, he says, &quot;completely agree&quot;. However, he continues, Banac &quot;says much more than that: if you have anti-fascist, it must, to be consistent and reasonable, and be anti-communist. But does that mean condemnation of crimes committed by a communist necessarily anti-communism? If condemnation of the crimes which they had in the military actions committed by Croats, on behalf of the interests of the Croatian nation, did it become anti-Croat? &quot;Asks the professor Miscevic, adding that he could not understand why, if it condemns&quot; crime as it did the communists even if they did in the name of their ideology, &quot;should automatically be anticommunist. &quot;Something,&quot; he says, &quot;is wrong.&quot; He&#39;s right. First of all, as in fascist crimes - but not the &quot;Croatian&quot;, because it is not ideological categories - crimes can not be &quot;some Communists, and especially when they are most directly committed in the name of their ideology&quot; in any way separate from communism. Professor Miščević think I can.
 This is the essence of our disagreement. He said: &quot;A good part of the partisan crimes, and crimes generally committed by victorious resistance movements, was motivated by revenge and frustration of direct, rather than an ideological disagreement. It is true that they were justified by ideology, but it mostly was subsequently prešminkavanje and izmotavanja. Professor Banac is an excellent historian and surely knows better than me. &quot; Thank you for your compliment, but I must admit, so you really do not know. First, if we like, why &quot;a good part of the crime, and crime in general&quot; as they 1941st committed by the victorious Ustasha would not be &quot;motivated by revenge and frustration of direct, rather than ideological disagreement&quot;? Secondly, I do not know that the &quot;victorious resistance movements&quot; of his crimes, &quot;justified by ideology, but it mostly was subsequently prešminkavanje and izmotavanja. Indeed, the &quot;victorious resistance movements,&quot; and it will tell you specific regimes, like that of Tito, constantly hiding their crimes, and so systematically that Milka these days about how she and Bleiburgu Kočevska Horn did not &quot;even know what was there.
 Only I&#39;m after, the eighties, when they openly began to talk about it, read a memoir, and in the Start was published on C &quot;. However, knowing that only in Zagreb after the establishment of Communist governments executed over 5,000 citizens, especially in the northern part of the zone, it is hard to believe that Milka for so you really never heard of. Is that the communists were hiding their crimes, but to &quot;prešminkavanja and izmotavanja&quot; occurred only after loss of power. But it was the same Ustasha. And they are hiding their crimes, and exile them, perhaps because they were not winners, certainly, &quot;prešminkavali. However, systematic spoke of communist crimes, as well as the regime in Yugoslavia, the Ustasha. This is the position in which, unlike the professors Miščević, I do not want to find. Professor Miščević further says that &quot;most of the Stalinist crimes were motivated by the naked desire for power. The more you climb towards the peak and the most responsible, is stronger and cynicism: it is difficult to Stalin and Beriah believed in communist ideals.
 Many think that Trotsky was right when he accused Stalin of betraying communism. &quot; Professor Miščević would like to believe that Stalin and Berry were not real communists. In this way, Stalin&#39;s crimes are no longer communist crimes, so we will not even mention the 5 million people, mainly Ukrainians and Kazakhs, as the 1931st-1932nd starve to death in Stalin&#39;s &quot;Holodomor&quot; (death of hunger), as a result of deliberate policy of genocide, and in peacetime conditions, against a national movement in the rural areas of Kazakhstan, Ukraine and the Kuban Povolža. OK, but why should we believe Trotsky? Was he a true communist, when in March, 1921. 50 000 Red Army man sent against the insurgent garrison on the island of Kronstadt? The rebels have, however, were the &quot;sitnoburžujskim&quot; positions, they asked for free elections, freedom of speech and assembly, members of the liberation of prisoners of socialist parties, etc., in short, looking for human rights.
 Dozens of them is one thousand were executed, deported to concentration camps at Solovki or deserted in Finland. Or, maybe they Tuhačevski and Antonov-Ovsejenko on a non-communist way potamaniti tens of thousands of peasant-rebels in the area Tambovskoj lipnja 1921st year and poison gas? Perhaps it is to be motivated by &quot;naked desire for power&quot;? I mention these examples because it is not about &quot;Stalinist crimes&quot;. All of this was at the time of Lenin. Stalin, in fact, completely took over only 1929th years after the purge buharinovske opposition. After all, if you receive any payment Stalinists &quot;naked desire for power,&quot; why do not we honorirali Italian fascists or Ustasha? By such assumptions may Ante Pavelic was not even a fascist, as his apologists insist otherwise? Finally we come to temeljnjeg problems. Professor Miscevic, claims that the communist ideology by itself does not &quot;call for the killing.&quot;
 &quot;Nazis,&quot; he says, &quot;openly claimed to be an inferior race to enslave, and almost openly that they should be physically eliminated. Ideological Indoctrination was just raising the ruthless liquidation. Is there more in the works of the founders of communism? Invited Marx and Engels to the physical liquidation of the capitalists? No, and no need for it. So what makes capitalist capitalist ownership, when it deprived of its factories, he ceases to be a capitalist. &quot;Very interesting. It turns out that Marx and Engels were not the &quot;physical liquidation&quot; of the capitalists, because they intended to carry out the liquidation of (violent?) Expropriation. If I were a Marxist I would hope that Marx and Engels defended better. However, the minimum breakdown thinking of Marx and Engels on the &quot;physical liquidation&quot; class enemy &quot;, whatever it may be helpful to understand Leninism, and this is the original tradition of modern communism, however, does not belong in this discussion.
 Engels opposed blanquizmu, the tendency in French socialism, which is the method conspiracy centralist vanguard most anticipated Leninism. Not only has he held that such a method of organization is wrong, but it is exactly made conclusions that can only lead to an ordinary dictatorship. As for the &quot;dictatorship of the proletariat,&quot; Marx and Engels held that it can carry only a spontaneous revolution, most class-conscious workers, a state would be alliances productive communes, universal suffrage, referendum, recall and dial the national representatives. However, violence was considered &quot;necessary evil&quot; of the revolution. It is known that Marx in his essay &quot;Civil War in France&quot; (1871) justified the shooting of hostages, including the Archbishop of Paris Darboy, during the Paris Commune: &quot;The life of hostages was more than once lost the constant shooting of prisoners with the versaljskih forces. How could they be pardoned after the carnage with which MacMahon Pretorijanci celebrate the entry into Paris? Are the last counterbalance reckless vehemence bourgeois governments - the taking of hostages - could turn into a mockery? &quot;Marx knew that the shooting of hostages is not good.
 To him, civil Skolnik from a solid family attorney, would never have occurred to Sartre irrational thought that the &quot;violence of man&#39;s own re-creation.&quot; And Lenin? Professor Miščević think that Lenin only &quot;speaks of&quot; merciless fight &quot;and calls for ruthlessness and terror, but does so in the framework of a sharp civil war, where the scale ruthlessness imposed largely white.&quot; We have already seen that in the time of Lenin&#39;s &quot;ruthlessness and terror&quot; applied not only against but also against the White farmers, duck and rebellious Red Army man. But I guess it was &quot;within the harsh civil war&quot;? However, not all unknown. During the war against the Polish 1920th year, Lenin decided not to punish members of the Red Cavalry as on his way to Warsaw conducted pogroms against the Jewish population, not to mention his orders to traders, priests, kulaks and other &quot;enemies&quot; mass killing.
 On the Opposition &quot;petty bourgeois moralists&quot; long instead of Lenin, Trotsky replied his companion. Like Professor Miščević emphasized the exceptional circumstances. So he defended his decree of 1919th, which legalized the use of hostages from the Bolshevik &quot;enemy&quot; family (&quot;It was a necessary measure in the fight against the oppressor&quot;). However, unlike the professors Miščević, Trotsky rejected the eternal moral truth in favor of class morality. He argued that &quot;sitnoburžujski moralists do not understand that morality is a function of class struggle, the democratic morality refers to the period of liberal and progressive capitalism, the sharpening of class struggle ... definitely and irrevocably destroyed this morality; it in its place came morality of fascism, on one side, and on the other - morality of proletarian revolution. &quot;Not only that,&quot; moral outbursts Messrs. democrats, social democrats, anarchists and other representatives of the &quot;left&quot; camp &quot;by Trotsky were typical of the period triumphant reaction.
 Condemned all attempts to &quot;democratic filistara&quot; to link the methodology of fascism and communism. (&quot;For Democrats, Fascism and Bolshevism are twins because they do not worship the universal right to vote.&quot;) And in particular he was pleased that &quot;the moralistic sycophant&quot; drove to the area of religion (&quot;The theory of eternal morals in any way can not survive without God&quot; ). Trotsky acknowledged that the civil war in Russia was &quot;disgusting barbarism&quot;. But for him it was not a barrier. Defending the administrative trial Lenin&#39;s secret police - the Cheka - Trotsky wrote that &quot;we openly acknowledge that the conditions of civil war are not optimal for carrying out impartial justice.&quot; We have seen that Professor Miščević also found justification for communist terror &quot;in terms of a sharp civil war&quot;, but not for the fascist terror in the same circumstances. However, unlike Lenin and Trotsky who do not believe in nadklasni moral or human rights, Professor Miščević holds that the communist &quot;ideology is to blame for one important thing: that is not clearly incorporated human rights into their program.&quot;
 He holds that it is the effect of Russia&#39;s backwardness, and that in the absence of the communist ideology of the cult of rights &quot;has turned into disdain for the rights. Something under Lenin and Stalin under the mass, contempt is justified and born mass trampling. However, this is not true. Trotsky clearly that human rights are bourgeois categories, and that can be defended only with the religious point of view: &quot;The sky remains the only fixed location for military operations against dialectical materialism.&quot; Indeed, the denial of the transcendental is often the shortest way into barbarism and crime. It is a pity that Professor Miščević. He would not want to defend dialectical materialism, that is communism, but only the difference between communism and fascism, which afforded him the right not to be anti-communist. That&#39;s why he believes the communist teachings &quot;nowhere calls for the killing, liquidation and massacres&quot;. And he adds: &quot;If all this is so, then why was the man who condemn the crimes that have worked in various communists rather dramatic circumstances and for different reasons, not necessarily anti-communist?&quot; Because of his assumptions were incorrect.
 Because Leninism promotes violence. The logic of the class had to justify every crime as a communist revolutionary move is necessary, in the service of the liberation of the working class, the establishment of a classless society and the general happiness. If the professor Miščević continue to condemn communist crimes, and he obviously wants (for those who argue that, despite the shortcomings of Marxist, among the Bolsheviks, however there are hardworking people, Trotsky said: &quot;Indeed, such&quot; friends &quot;are more dangerous than the enemy&quot;) , and &quot;worship&quot; democracy and universal suffrage, and it apparently wants, he must be anti-communist. Communist crimes can not be condemned without consequences for the communist ideology, then by communism. And if justified, can not be justified with Communist positions. That does not mean that communism and fascism twins. But if you condemn one of these totalitarian ideologies, always in some way justify another.
 One day in the postmodern period of time and live from one another. Especially in Hrvatskoj.Share
 