Jesus told his disciples: &quot;If, therefore, any man will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me&quot; (Mt 16.24). However, Jesus did not I could carry his cross, or you can own! As Jesus, guided by his tormentors, carried his cross to Golgotha, he was too weak to make it long-wearing. When he reached the end of endurance, his cross was put on someone else&#39;s shoulder. The Bible does not tell us how much Jesus bore his cross, but we know that Simon, of Cyrene, was forced to pick up and carry him to the place of crucifixion (see Matthew 27.32). What does this mean for us? Would the Lord of us forced to do something that I could not? Is it not said: &quot;Whoever does not carry his cross and come after me, can not be my disciple&quot; (Luke 14:27)? The cross is a cross, a wooden or spiritual. It is not enough to say: &quot;His cross was different, the crisis is spiritual.&quot; Personally, gives great hope when I know that Jesus could not I carry your cross.
 It encourages me to know that I&#39;m not the only one who has occasionally pressed to the ground and the burden that I was unable to go further in their own strength. When Jesus called us &quot;to take the cross and follow him, he knew exactly what he said. He remembered his own cross and that someone else will have to wear it. Why are we then required to carry the cross that he knew that we will soon hit the ground? He knows all about the agony and helplessness and that the burden of creating a crisis. He knows it all the way, we can not cope in their own strength. Here is a hidden truth that we must uncover the truth so powerful that it can change our view of all our trouble and pain. It may sound almost blasphemous to insinuate that Jesus could not carry his own cross, but it&#39;s true. God knows that none of his children can not wear a cross that raises when he begins to follow Christ. We want to be good students and renounce themselves and take up his cross, but seemed to forget that we will be the same cross one day bring the end of our human abilities.
 Would Jesus deliberately wanted us to take a cross which he knows will exhaust all our manpower and leave us helpless to lie, even to the point of surrender? Absolutely yes! Jesus forewarned: &quot;Without me ye can do nothing&quot; (Jn 15.5). Therefore, we are asked to take up his cross and to fight with him until you learn that lesson. While we do not throw our cross down into the dust, we do not learn the lesson that it is not our power or strength but his. That&#39;s what the Bible mean when he says that his forces perfectly manifested in our weakness.
 