Chief of Primorje-Gorski Tomislav Dizdar said that this year&#39;s arrival of the Slovak police officers continued the project of joint action of police officers from the Croatian and European countries, tourist destinations, which is launched in 2007. The first two years in the Primorje-Gorski Kotar County police spent the summer in Austria and the 2009th as this year there were the Slovaks. Police officers and Denis Martin Kandrac Bukušova will be in Crikvenica end of July, police officers and Denis Martin Kandrac Bukušova will be in Crikvenica by the end of July, and then replace them with another pair of Slovak officers will stay until the end of August. Slovak Ambassador to Croatia Roman Supek expressed satisfaction with the cooperation of police of the two countries. It was pointed out that the web site of the embassy published telephone numbers of Slovakian police officers working on the Kvarner to them in case of need to contact the Slovak tourists from other parts of the Croatian.
 In the area of the Dubrovnik-Neretva County will visit two French police officers from 1 July to 31 August in the two terms on the basis of the Memorandum of cooperation of Croatian and French police, who was signed this year in Opatija. At a press conference presented by the French police and Ludovic Laurent Sainsard Gregus. Chief of the Dubrovnik-Neretva Tonci actor stressed that this was a continuation of cooperation between the French and Croatian police, who runs for the fourth consecutive year, and the satisfaction of the competent institutions except the presence of French officers in particular expressed their French tourists in large numbers staying the Dubrovnik area. In addition to cooperation with the French police also said that similar projects are realized with the police in Poland, Germany, Hungary and Austria. Since last year, cooperation has extended to Interpol, whose members this year, staying at the Dubrovnik-Neretva County, where it will be until 30
 August.
 