@ Frederik, I can not help feeling, dear colleagues, that the number of logs on Bleiburg and cross the roads each year, multiplied, in order to commemorate the closer. Obviously you are of the May fell under this scheme. Since the book was published by Count Nikolai Tolstoy-a-while &quot;The Minister and the massacres&quot; to which both you call, it became the starting point of various disputes, so that each time re-emerge &quot;experts&quot; who foolishly try to &quot;entertain&quot; the masses with their high knowledge, as designated works the count, and the tragedy. Concerned the &quot;experts&quot; are still slow on the identity, number, function and procedures of the executioner and victim, even though all the facts already know. Communists who were resistant to the usual reality, the crime are turned into deeds, and ogavnost soul and body in a desirable virtue. (As well pronounced Ante stamać.) On the other hand, again and again the reality of crimes committed by Communist attempts to impose as the sole criterion by which to determine the totality of events in the territory of Yugoslavia in the period &#39;41-&#39;45 - post-war period.
 Without getting into the deficiencies of your description of the events of May &#39;45, and later, because this issue is so broad, that is not fully able to handle in his diary, I will refer to only some parts. In the diary, there is almost not detected by the individuals most responsible for the surrender of the army and civilians, the Communists in the so-called &quot;repatriation&quot;. The most responsible person for many reasons, is certainly the minister-resident Harold McMillan, later Prime Minister UK, which is by orders Field Marshal Alexander, released 8th Army command &quot;to immediately disarm the overall staff who have surrendered and to surrender to Yugoslav forces.&quot; (The command of Field Marshal Alexander May 14, 1945. In: Copy of order marshal Alexanders New Army policy Yugoslavs respective effective forthwith: 1 No Yugoslavs will be returned to Yugoslavia or handed to Yugoslav troops against there will. 2 Yugoslavs who fight against arms Tito will be treated as surrendered personnel and sent to Camp Wiktring at disposal.
 Further instruction aweited. 3rd All this personnel wil be regarded as displaced personnal ultimated routed via Italy. 4th No evacuation from Wiktring, TFC) after this command is executed, indeed, acted against him, 24.svibnja 1945 Field Marshal Alexander issued a new one, which seeks to immediately stop all extraditions. General Keightly, commander of the Fifth Corps of the 8th Army, completely ignored this order, and quickly continued extradition. Extradition shall cease only in August 1945, when McMillan left Italy. I Churcill, which issued a directive Field Marshal Alexander, the &quot;Yugoslavs&quot; not extradite, in an official statement over Foreigin Office, said that it was a &quot;nasty mistake&quot; (&quot;ghastly mistake&quot;), and the whole operation, with take into account not only delivered &quot;Yugoslavs&quot; (collective term for all people in the area of Yugoslavia), but the Cossacks (collective term for all Russians and others), Chercill commented by saying &quot;It was a Bloody Shame&quot;.
 The list of criminals who okrvarili hand in this abomination winners noted here that we know and do not forget: - the minister-resident Harold McMillan - the commander of 8th Richard McCreery Army - Commander Charles 5.Korpusa 8.armije Keightly - 78.pješačke Division Commander Robert Arbuthnott - General Patrick Scott - Toby Low, General (later Sir Algdington) Behind the story probably is collusion McMillan-General Vsevolod Merkulov (Beriah Deputy) -General Milan Basta (Titov proxy), where you actually worked on trade, in which Tito&#39;s communists backed by the Red Army, agreed to stop the penetration of Carinthia and secure with 8.armijom conflict, and in return they are returned refugees. It was Tolstoy indirectly hinted through his book. Milan Basta in the book &quot;The War&quot; at the 361st your site is converting the Croatian generals in connection with the need to surrender the Croatian army and said: &quot;Can you still eventually notified of the following: avoid people, we will return home, your entire army, in case you agree to unconditional surrender, will be conducted in Prison camps, the members of your army will be processed according to international law on prisoners of war, all officers and soldiers will be left to the most necessary qualification, the generals can not leave his batman, cars and personal weapons until further notice.
 In as much as you do not accept these conditions shall be deemed to continue military operations, so you will no longer protected by international law on prisoners of war. In this case you will be treated as outlaws whose liquidation will help our allies. &quot;How it ended and what was truth in those words Bastin following days are shown. Tolstoy, after his research, concluded and published in Enconteru the following: &quot;To the soldiers on trial at Nuremberg and elsewhere knew what was happening in Eastern Austria and northern Italy, just a week after Germany&#39;s surrender, the entire procedure of trials of war criminals would have probably stopped , jar does not condemn war crimes for deliberately sending tens of thousands of defenseless men, women and children under the knife violently in death camps! ¨ &quot;Your attempt, distinguished colleagues, that crime in any way justify the thesis: On the other hand are different but still lost to Quisling heavily armed formations represent a threat to everyone, and themselves.
 Crowds of people in the open air for times of war represent insurmountable logistical problem (and with regard to food and in transport). That delicate balance between wartime allies not to disturb, it was necessary to comply with the &quot;collateral agreement&quot;, called Operation Keelhaul. There was no other way out. no support, nor the thesis that &quot;someone&quot; knowingly led the nation into ruin. The people withdrew from the army for various reasons, mainly to avoid the fate that it was thanks to the aforementioned criminals still catch up. So, sad sounding helpless words of General William Morgan, head of command Field Marshal Alexander, who has seen the return of the people, and it now says: &quot;There was no way we could help these unfortunate creatures, but at least we could at least learn something from their poor destiny. &quot;Hello, Molotov
 