Thessaloniki (Greek: Θεσσαλονίκη, Latin Thessaloniki) is the second largest city in Greece. Thessaloniki is the capital of Greek Macedonia and Central Peripherals has the status of the other Greek capital because of its great historical and strategic importance. The city stretches along the Gulf of Thessaloniki at about 17 km and consists of 13 city municipalities. In Greek, the city is still known as Σαλονίκη (Saloniki), in Turkish as Selânik, in Slavic languages such Thessaloniki (Salonika), the arumunjskom as pompano and Ladino as Selanik. Thessaloniki at night in Greece was the city&#39;s second-largest commercial, industrial, commercial and cultural center, as well as important traffic position in Southeastern Europe. Commercial port city is very important for Greece and other countries in southeast Europe. The city is famous for its numerous monuments and buildings from the Byzantine and Ottoman periods. The modern era Thessaloniki was the target of the First Balkan War, 1912.
 years, during which Greece is united, 26 listopada 1912th year, which is the feast of Greece. King George the first was assassinated during his visit to Thessaloniki, 18 March 1913. 1915th year, during World War II, Allied forces landed in Thessaloniki and used the city as a base for an offensive against pro-German Bulgaria. Prosavezničku provisional government was led away Eleftherios Venizelos, against the will of a neutral king of Greece. Square Hagia Sophia, Thessaloniki most of the city was destroyed by fire in 18th August 1917th year, which was accidentally caused by French soldiers. The fire turned the 72 000 people homeless, a total of 271 157 people who lived then in the city. Reconstruction of the city center was zabrenjena, until he brought a modern city development plan. The plan has made the French architect Ernest Hebrard. His plan is to eliminate the oriental appearance of the city and turned it into a modern European city.
 One of the main consequences of the fire was the destruction of half of the homes of Jews, which has led to mass evictions. Many of them moved to Palestine, a smaller one in France and the United States. They were replaced by Greek refugees who were escaping from Smyrna, Turkey, 1922. the Greco-Turkish war. As a result of this humanitarian crisis, the urban population has rapidly increased. Thessaloniki was occupied Nazi Germany, 9 April 1941. year and kept him under occupation until the 30th October 1944. The city was heavily damaged by Allied bombing, the Jewish population were almost entirely exterminated by the Nazis. Barely a thousand Jews survived. After the war, is Thessaloniki quickly rebuilt and the population rapidly increased. The city is mostly developed from the 1950s to the 1980s, but without the urban plan, which has led to major traffic jams, which have remained until today. View of part of 20th lipnja 1978th
 The city was hit by a strong earthquake measuring 6.5 degrees. This earthquake caused damage to many buildings and historic monuments, as well as the death of 40 people. The city is again recovered quickly after this disaster. Early Christian and Byzantine monuments of Thessaloniki were placed on UNESCO&#39;s World Heritage List, 1988. year. Thessaloniki became the European City of Culture for 1997. year. Thessaloniki is a very important university center for the Southeast Europe and has a population a large number of students from across the country. The town is located Aristotle University, the largest in Greece, and Macedonia University.
 