David Mihoci 13th Exhibition Photos April - 2 May 2010. On Tuesday, 13 April at 19h in the Europa Cinema, opens the second exhibition in the program full circle, which will introduce young photographer David Mihoci. The exhibition can be seen until the second May 2010. Year-old photographer David Mihoci, a native of Cakovec, currently lives in Zagreb, where he studied at the Academy of Dramatic Arts at the direction of photography and cinematography. Besides 50-odd group exhibitions, has so far been implemented and four independent from which to highlight the exhibition at the Museum of the City of Bjelovar and former gallery Badrov from Zagreb. His work is characterized by the details of street life, portraits and numerous strong social themes taken from everyday life in black and white, while the emphasis is always placed on the realism of the situation. Member of several associations for the promotion of photographic art and his work regularly published in scientific and lifestyle magazines and newspaper publications.
 As part of his fifth solo exhibition will be displayed twenty black and white photos will be exhibited in the lobby and first floor of the Europa cinema. Solo Photographic Exhibitions: 2008 - The Museum of the City of Bjelovar, Bjelovar 2008 - Badrov Gallery, Zagreb 2006 - Gallery Scheier, Čakovec 2006 - Gallery Ciraki, Pozega Publications: Livingstone, PhotoFR, Playboy, DigitalPhoto Magazine, Fotomag Magazine, GloriaGlam, Bulb Magazine, Entomologia Croatica Natura Croatica, Zagreb CnHm, Jutarnji list, BBC News, 24sata, Glas Istre, Novi list, showbizz Magazine, Međimurje Međimurske newspaper, Metro, Regional weekly StoryMag, several scientific books and catalogs, CnHm and many others. Awards: DigitalFoto Magazine: &#39;Street Life&#39;; Fotomag Magazine - Best Cinematography, 2nd International Photo Festival Photo extempore; DigitalFoto Magazine: &#39;Portraits&#39;, 3 International Photo Festival Photo extempore, Maven Arts, Adesdesign, Webthrower, Coolwebsites, USWA, Internet Vibes, Newwebpick, etc.
 DEFINED SUPPORT CROATIAN photographer in March 2010. Photo Journal BLUR magazine in cooperation with China Europe started the program full circle, through which selected Croatian photographers can solo exhibition in the city center at no cost. The project objective is to present the Croatian photographers who excel in their quality work, but are under-represented in public and in this way support the local photographic scene. FULL CIRCLE will, therefore, provide a rounded support selected Croatian photographers: the free exhibition space in an attractive location, complete coverage of the costs of printing, laminating, shipping and installation of photographs, but, of course, and media support, which is extremely important to really round end closed. The project was realized with the generous support BLURovih partners and sponsors. Cinema Europa has given way to the showroom, Prism Ltd., a distributor of photo equipment, will be settled by the overall cost of printing photos at special rates provided by the studio releases Borovac &amp; Bence, also responsible for setting up the exhibition.
 Media Partners PlanB and web portal Fotografija.hr each month represent the authors selected, in addition to that, the project supported by the Radio 101, Transmeet.TV and specialized photographic magazines like Fotomag, ReFotoa and DigitalFotoa. BLUR magazine, a specialized magazine for art photography, will assort independently and directly contact the authors of the program full circle. David Tagged communication, Full Circle
 