Natascha Kampusch (Vienna, 17 February 1988.) Is a young girl from Austria, which has become known for, which was hijacked 1998th and kept in zatvoreništvu more than eight years. Since the hijackers, Wolfgang Priklopila, escaped on 23 August 2006. Contents [edit] Childhood its infancy Natascha spent with her mother Brigitta Sirny, and father, Ludwig Koch, which had initially lived in wedlock, but later they split. Together with his two older sisters and 5 nieces lived in Vienna, namely the Vienna district Donaustadt. After the Nataschini parents split, she kept seeing his father, and the day before the abduction actually coming back from vacation where she was with her father Ludwig. Her mother that evening were not at home. Natascha went flat down to Glaser and her neighbors asked him to wait with her mother to return home. Returning home late at night, Natashina mother to her daughter began to scream &quot;go in and lie down in bed.&quot;
 He then remained with the Glaser neighbor drink until the early morning hours. [Edit] Kidnapping Ten years Natascha left the family home in the second Donaustadt March 1998 year and sending it to school. However, there do not yet arrived. Twelve witnesses testified that she was vidla as it comes in a white mini bus with tinted windows, while the other two witnesses said they observed the letter G (ie, the GF Gänserndorf) on license plates. Twelve witnesses also said that she saw that Natasha was forcibly drawn into a mini-bus, while at the same time another person administered the vehicle. This would therefore mean that the two people involved in the kidnapping, but Natasha has not confirmed this statement nor denied. Police have suspected 12 years in the story and 12-year-old witness, and thus as a school teacher named girl vivid imagination, but the girl kept her opinions to date, 8 years later.
 After the abduction, followed by the big search for 10-year-old Natascha, but was completely unsuccessful. Police searched the 700 cars that match the description specified in the statement of witnesses. Even the mini bus kidnapper, Wolfgang Priklopila was under investigation. He lived in Strasshof an der Nordbahn in the lower part of Austria, near the aforementioned Gänserndorf and a half hours by car from Vienna. However, the kidnapper said that on that day I was at home, to his mini bus used to transport building materials, since the house did some construction work. His answer is to fully meet the police and all the suspects came down with it. Also, he had never before had a criminal record, so there was no reason that it is still suspected. Police even after the trial continued its blind quest. The media has served the information that the white mini-bus is the only clue the police have, and that&#39;s the only thing at this point can be explored.
 But indeed, it was the only visible clue that the police had. Investigated the area where the girl disappeared, including sniffer dogs and entire teams of trackers. Divers searched a broad area of Vienna, a large number of people with criminal records related to sexual criminal activity was tested and verified. Also discussed were the speculation to blame circles of child pornography and trafficking in human organs. Natascha was quite by accident as the hijacking itself had my passport, after a few days before the kidnapping was on a family holiday in Hungary, and the police extended the search to other countries, especially Hungary. Unsubstantiated accusations involving the family and the very Kampusch still more complicated case. Officers have also investigated the possible connection with the crime of abduction of French serial killer Michael Fournireta, who at that time also was imminent.
 [Edit] Zatvoreništvo Natascha Kampusch captive throughout their lives, lived in a very small, secret chamber, 2.5 meters underground, with only 5 m² of space. Specifically, chamber dimensions were 2.78M in length, 1.81m width and height of 2.37M. The so-called jail was not an ordinary bedroom. It was a closed space with two doors and a large steel main gate. The entrance was hidden in Priklopilovoj garage and the room had no window, nor is it dopirala daylight. Natascha was allowed to leave the confined space during the night, the first few years of his incarceration. First 6 months of captivity, she was constantly in that small room, with no way out. After that, everything is more often received permission to stay in the rest of the house, but still, every night, she slept in her chamber required. It is also dwelt while Priklopil was at work. After some time, the chamber is altered according Nataschinim ideas.
 At a time when the police first inspected the house, the chamber were found newly builtin ladder that led to the bed, drawers, shelves on which he had a small cup, TV, desk, chair, toilet and wash basin, clothes hangers, memo board and a fan that is in the air chamber mixers-prison. The room was filled with paper, books, clothes, boxes, games and water bottles. From June 2005. years, Natascha was allowed to walk through the garden. 17th February 2006., Priklopil she was allowed to leave the house if needed. Afterwards, he took her on skiing for a few hours, near Vienna. During that time, had no chance to escape. Initially, however, Natascha denied this story, but after she submitted evidence, has admitted its truth. According Nataschinoj original statement after the escape, she and Priklopil would be raised early in the morning and ate breakfast together. Priklopil gave her books, and a self-educated, and the statements of his colleagues seemed happy.
 Later, when the general explained his statement, has confirmed that she felt as though she has not missed anything during his captivity. He also said that she was spared from the start of many things, such as has not had the opportunity to begin to smoke, drink alcohol or get into bad company, unlike its peers. Priklopil warned Natascha that doors and windows of the house with explosives secured, and would in any case, its possible to escape all exploded. Also, he claimed to carry a gun, and that he would kill her if she tries to escape. Natascha said she had more opportunity to escape. She admitted that even I sometimes Priklopil suggested ways in which she could escape. Some of the neighbors even in the media released a story that was also the case that Priklopil ate at the restaurant while he waited for Natasha herself in the car. [Edit] Escape Natascha Kampusch appeared, 23 August 2006. in public. Cleaners and vacuuming otmičarev car, the BMW 850i in the garden.
 At 12:53 hours, Priklopil got a call on his mobile phone and odaljio of Kampusch for cleaner sound. Kampusch left the vacuum cleaner turned on and escaped from the yard. She ran through the courtyard and the street about 200 meters, asking passersby to call police, but nobody cared. After five minutes, she knocked on the window of a house and introduced himself and the woman called police, who arrived at 13:04. After that, Natasha was taken to a police station in the town of Deutsch Wagram. Priklopil apparently ended a conversation without having been disturbed or broken something. Natascha has been identified by scars on the body, a passport that was found in the room where she was imprisoned, and later by DNA testing. She was in good physical condition, although she was quite pale, distracted, and weighed only 48 pounds, almost as much as eight years ago, when she disappeared. In these 8 years, has grown only 15 inches.
 Savine Freudenberger, the first police officer who came into contact with Natascha njegog after escaping, she said she was surprised the girl intelligence and vocabulary. After two years of captivity, Priklopil she began to make books, newspapers, and also owned the radio and watched TV and programORF and known for promoting education and classical music. Also, Natascha on it constantly adds to the feeling that she was missing something, a deficit that was complemented by educating myself, learning various skills. For example, in captivity, she learned to knit. Priklopil, after he learned that police are searching for him, killed by jumping under a train near the station Nordbahnhof in Vienna. It is believed that he predicted his suicide, but rather, Natascha saying that it will never catch alive. [Edit] Life after fleeing There is little doubt that Natascha might have the Stockholm syndrome, even after the escape.
 Natascha said she grieves after news of Priklopilovom suicide, despite the fact that since the man was held in zatvoreništvu for 8 years. However, it denied the possibility of Stockholm syndrome, in her case, and is called Priklopila clear - criminals. After hundreds of requests for an exclusive interview with the teen, in which many media and offering substantial sums of money, Natasha decided to give an interview to TV-station ORF. On 6 September 2006. Austrian public TV - ORF stations aired the exclusive interview with Natascha Kampusch, who was with her ran Christoph Feuerstein. Several hours later, it was broadcast more than 400 TV - stations around the world. ORF did not pay that interview, but all those who wanted to buy an interview to appear, the money they paid into directly Natascha. The interview has sold more than 120 countries, the fee of 290 € per minute.
 It is estimated that collected up to one million euros, which will be donated to women in Africa and Mexico, according Nataschinoj desired. From the date of the first impressions of the interview the public interest for the story Natascha Kampusch was enormous. Daily newspapers Kronen Zeitung and magazine News also got the opportunity to interview Natasha. The interview was published on 6th September 2006. In return, Natascha has won their accommodation, a steady job and help with further education. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Natasha_Kampusch&quot; Category: Austria
 