The testimony of former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader before the parliamentary inquiry committee to determine all the facts about the privatization of INA, and before he turned into a real media spectacle. Partly because until a few days ago was questionable if he did appear before the Commission, since it has not taken the call. The invitation was confirmed, now assumed not appear to be present shall be punished, president of the Commission clarifies Dragica Zgrebec. &quot;The law of investigative commissions and provides for certain sanctions, which can only be imposed by the Commission, rather than the court.&quot; She said Zgrebec. &quot;Wrong the Racan government&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Sanader claims that the agreement reached during the late former Prime Minister Ivica RačanaSanader will, the media speculated, in his testimony as a reason for the second phase of privatization of INA state commitments under the treaty concluded Racan&#39;s government at the time.
 For these grounds served while he was prime minister. As part of the ministers argued that knew nothing about the contract with MOL, it will be interesting to see what will be on how to tell the PM, especially on a statement by Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor that she was in meetings when they decided on the annexes of the contract between the INA-MOL. Sanader, otherwise, the first Croatian prime minister, who gives evidence before the parliamentary inquiry committee. The only real question Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The headquarters group INA in ZagrebuSanader would, therefore, the evidence of the circumstances which led to changes međudioničarskog contract, and which enabled the Hungarian MOL with 47 percent ownership of the company controlled by the INA as it is the majority owner. President of the Parliamentary Commission Dragica Zgrebec announced that Sanader will ask why the end of 2008. began to negotiate with MOL amending međudioničarskog contract though, she said, was not necessary.
 &quot;I&#39;m interested in, and whether poor operating results for 2008. were the reason why they went into these changes, considering that during this financial year, MOL often jumped from borrowings. No one has ever wanted to confirm. &quot;She said Zgrebec. Leader of the HDZ Hebrang said that Sanader&#39;s testimony is expected from the &quot;truth of the first round of privatization of INA in 2003. finally go out in public. &quot;Because, says Hebrang, the contract he had with MOL concluded Minister Ivica Racan, the surety&#39;s MOL in the majority of decision. This agreement limited the actions of all the next government in the further privatization of INA, concluded Hebrang. Sanader with the Club members? Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The media speculated that the PM will defer to the statements and PolančecaMediji speculate that the PM would adhere to the view of former Deputy Prime Minister Damir Polancec that all members of the HDZ government on the contracts of INA and MOL know everything.
 For recall, some ministers, such as Ivan Suker, claimed that they did not know the details of individual contracts. The lawyer of Damir Polancec Anto Nobilo said, however, that the two meetings to discuss the annexes of the contract were ministers Ivan Suker and Marina Matulovic Dropulic, and that the Prime Minister sent the then Vice-President Jadranka Kosor in his name because he felt that the Final negotiations too tense relations between Suker and Club members. Kosor, however, denied that it knew anything about the final contract. Such an attitude Sanader will further undermine his successor as well as all the ministers, who left the government, because such tactics Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor it shares responsibility for every move Sanader. After Sanader&#39;s testimony, if not more calls for Kosor or another, the Commission should discuss the report, which must be sent to Parliament to 23 October, and when required by law to end their six-month operation.
 Author: Gordana Simonovic Re. ed: A. Subic
 