Tadic laid a wreath at the memorial (Photo: Patrik Macek / Pixsell) President of the Republic of Serbia Boris Tadic today at the monument to victims of the massacre at Ovcara, having laid down his crown, he expressed regret for the innocent victims and sent an apology for the crime. &quot;I am here today to bow to the victims and my intention is to pay tribute to them. I&#39;m here, giving the victims, once again, the word apology, to express regret and create the possibility that Serbia and Croatia to turn a new page of history&quot;, said President Tadic . Photo: Tadic visited Vukovar and laid wreaths at the memorial Ovcara Vukovar Mothers told: &#39;We do not expect anything from the visits, the entire Vukovar Ovcara&#39; Cain, &quot;a gesture of regret to be welcomed, but Tadic will not say that Serbia was the aggressor &#39;Kosor: Tadic&#39;s visit marks a new page in relations between Croatian and Serbian Vukovar was the most prominent symbol of resistance and suffering Ovcara Croatian people in the war.
 In the former farm 5 km from the Vukovar committed the greatest crime in the war, when members of the Yugoslav Army and Serbian paramilitary units 20th November 1991. killed 200 civilians and soldiers, mostly wounded from Vukovar Hospital and then threw them in a mass grave. The citizens welcomed him with applause and Ivo Josipovic Boris Tadic: Author: Mark Lukunić / PIXSELLHrvatski and Serbian presidents Ivo Josipovic Boris Tadic arrived in front of a monument to those killed in Ovcara to laid wreaths at the site where the 20th November 1991. committed horrible massacre, when members of the Yugoslav Army and Serbian paramilitary troops killed 200 civilians and soldiers, mostly wounded, forcibly taken from the Vukovar hospital. Having passed the memorial home Ovcara, which commenced on 20 November 2006. in the hangar on a former farm, where the collapse of the defense of Vukovar tortured captured Croatian soldiers and civilians spent the last hours of life, the president and Josipovic will alone, unaccompanied, walk about 100 meters to cross to the place where the prisoners were brought to be shot and dumped in a mass grave.
 There will, at the memorial, attended by members of the Honorary Battalion of the Croatian Army, to lay wreaths of identical content &quot;to the innocent victims - Croatian President Ivo Josipovic,&quot; or &quot;innocent victims - the President of the Republic of Serbia Boris Tadic, and pay homage to the victims. Then will a little further away, the first statement given to journalists. Tadic has reportedly surrendered before the tour Ovcara documentation from the Vukovar Hospital, which was taken away before the peaceful reintegration of the Danube. President of the Republic of Serbia Boris Tadic, Croatian President Ivo Josipovic met with the mayor of the city poglavarstvu.Tadić handed over documents from the Vukovar hospital Photo: Mark Lukunić / PIXSELLNakon visits Ovcara Croatian and Serbian presidents will be returned to Vukovar, where they will be together with the President of the Croatian government Kosor after her meeting with President Tadic in the &quot;four eyes&quot;, to meet with representatives of Croatian associations of war victims and families of missing persons, and then with representatives of the Serbian minority in Croatia.
 President of the Republic of Serbia Boris Tadic arrived in jednodnevan announced visit to eastern Croatia, during which he should visit a place of suffering of Croats and Serbs in the war, Ovcara and Paulin Dvor, and in Vukovar stradalničkih meet with representatives of NGOs from the war and the Serbian minority. Boris Tadic and Kosor met in Vukovar palace Sirmium. After a brief conversation they will be joined and Josipovic; photo: Vlada.hrSrbijanskoga president, who was in Vukovar ferry sailed &quot;dove&quot; who each day runs between Vukovar and Vojvodina municipalities Bac, on the wharf on the Croatian coast of the Danube was welcomed and greeted by Croatian President Ivo Josipovic. In addition to President Josipovic, Tadic was welcomed and greeted Vukovar Srijem County Bozo Galic Zeljko Sabo Vukovar mayor and ambassador to the Netherlands in the Republic Stella Ronner - Grubacic.
 The arrival of President Tadic applause welcomed the 50-odd citizens of Vukovar. Ferry is a donation of the Dutch government has invested in its purchase of about one million euros. Traffic on the Danube between Vukovar and Bac restored the ferry 2007th Since he was interrupted by the war, and from 7 October in the Danube waterway ferries &quot;dove&quot;. Photo: Mark Lukunić / PIXSELLDvojica president then headed to the city government building where the &quot;four eyes&quot; to keep the conversation short. Otherwise, the visit of Serbian President follows 40-media from the region with about 200 reporters and cameramen, and the entire encounter is under strong police protection.
 