Ivo Sanader on Monday is no longer a member of the HDZ! That was deleted from the membership was confirmed at 18.30 hours, after the dramatic day-long meetings at Headquarters and the President of the HDZ party Kosor. &quot;I accept the decision of the Presidency of the party if it is for the benefit of the HDZ,&quot; said former prime minister and honorary president of the HDZ. BEGINS removal from the party were Zubović Mario, Luke Bebic and Damir Polancec while the others restrained Matkovic and Petar Selem. All other members of the Presidency, 16 of them, voted for removal from membership Sanader. Session of the party presidency, after three hours of discussion in the first 18 hours left Parliament Speaker Luka Bebic. Darken the face of journalists rushed the end of refusing any comment. - The heads of all county branches of the HDZ and unanimously agreed that the Minister Ivo Sanader said his public address made unprecedented precedent and severe damage to the HDZ.
 The six-month parallelism in the conduct of the parties shall be terminated. If this were someone did during Ivo Sanader would fly out the window - said Kosor. Explaining the decision, Prime Minister stressed that the evaluation of the HDZ leadership to Sanader&#39;s statement yesterday could lead to the destruction of the Government, and consequently, he pointed out, the danger would be negotiations with the EU. &quot;Stopping the negotiations absolutely can not allow that because the program HDZ Croatian accession to the EU,&quot; she said, stressing that the HDZ has a majority in the government and how they could not let what happened yesterday and brought to topple the government. Yesterday&#39;s statement and Sanader&#39;s ratings that was handed to the government traded territory, that the party badly managed and that the result of the HDZ&#39;s presidential election was a disaster, she said, leading to split the HDZ and the ruling coalition or early elections. She warned that it would halt all processes at least six months, and would have a financial impact.
 This would, she continued, &quot;irretrievably lost valuable time for Croatia.&quot; &quot;So we agreed,&quot; she said Kosor commenting Sanader&#39;s statement. Had anyone of us here eight months ago so called news conference, as it is made Sanader, missed the second from the same party through the window, she said. Sanader&#39;s performance &quot;I now return &#39;not right after&quot; all the difficult decisions that this Government had to make, &quot;he said. &quot;I thus can not lead the party, I bear responsibility, and someone else pulling the strings,&quot; she said resolutely Kosor. She did not want to talk about how the party leadership to treat Luke Bebic saying only that now says &quot;the decision today, but tomorrow is another day&quot;. Asked whether the color Sanader return to parliament, said she is not afraid to remind the PM that six months ago he said that he is leaving and will not return to active politics.
 &quot;We had a lot of respect for that decision, even if we did not end, nor the public know why it went. Accordingly, the return to the parliament, which has the right, it would certainly be required, and that the normal rules of behavior in the ordered state and party, then say, if it returns, why he left, &quot;she said, and when asked what were the reasons of return Sanader responded that it should&quot; ask him &quot;. A sudden commotion of the day addressing Ivo Sanader, the announcement of his return to politics in the parliamentary benches rose on Monday on his feet all the HDZ. As the bar into the mainstream of the HDZ and the entire day took turns state and local officials. About 14 hours to reporters he first heard the news that the decision was made to delete Ivo Sanader, the HDZ membership. According to the statute HDZ honorary president enjoys life function, but it seems that Vladimir Seks, iznašao way to circumvent the statute of HDZ Ivo Sanader and deleted from the membership.
 S Kosor talked to George Perica, head of the Association of HDZ&#39;s founders who did not hide what he thinks about Sanader. - Oh no it was no coup, it was plain Ivo Sanader plop! He is a dishonorable act of his, his delusions and intent that is an important factor today unite the whole party. Fax the Prime Kosor filled the support that it comes from all our branches and the whole Croatian, and we have transpired ranks in support of our presidents - George Perica says it believes that the procedure should Sanader to discuss the court of honor fully supports Jadranka Kosor. The dramatic denouement to the Victims of Fascism Square began in the morning about nine o&#39;clock when he was among the first president of the party arrived Kosor, for her and her loyal staff, Vladimir Seks, Ivan Suker, Petar Cobankovic, Milinovic, Ivan Jarnjak, Gordan Jandrokovic, Bozidar Kalmeta, Branko Bacic and Hebrang. In addition to Peter and Andrew Cobankovic Hebrang did not hide that they are angry with Ivo Sanader, the others refrained from commenting.
 After Kosor with his closest associates conducted consultations with the party of Vladimir Seks leaves developed a strategy to put an end to Ivo Sanader, the party representatives who are invited on Sunday appeared to Sanader&#39;s press conference. Among them were Boris Kunst, Stephen Fiolić, James Markovinovic Goddess Solic, Josip Djakic, Vedran Rozic, Petar Selem, Caramel Caparin and Emil Tomlin. The president of one of them wanted to hear why they came to support Sanader, by supporting policy and how it will be placed in the parliamentary vote. Parliamentary vote, in fact, the Government is of paramount importance because the return Sanader in parliament and the party refusing obedience to his friend Mary Zubovic, Jerko Rosin, Peter Selem, Stephen and Luke FIOLIĆ Bebic could come into question the confidence of the Government. HDZ currently has 82 votes in Parliament to stay without the support of six arms, falling only 76 votes, and lose the required majority of 77 arms.
 During the morning, one by one agent to enter the presidents, and how and wands easily broken apart expected and their statement after talks with Kosor. As we found out they all assured Jadranka Kosor, to support her and the government and that their votes will not be turned against the government. But some are not given until the end of the Sanader by the former trade union leader Boris Kunst asked whether Sanader excluded from the party odgovario: - I do not see that the reason for this, but I know that after today&#39;s session will be a lot clearer - concluded Kunst . Asked support Sanader and Kosor, replied that he would respect the decision of the Presidency. The same response was given to the question of whether Sanadera out of the party and whether he pučem hurt the party. Sanader&#39;s close friend Stephen Fiolić reporters said the prime minister can count on his full support, and support will be available from Krunoslav Markovinovic Emil Tomlin and Chief Joseph Hvidra Đakić.
 Asked why he was on Sunday Sanader conference Goddess Šolić just mumbled that she was manipulated: &#39;I did not know, I did not know&#39;. When he developed strategies and gained support for &#39;runaway&#39; representative, in 14 hours, hadezeove secretaries have been given the task to immediately contact the remaining members of the presidency, mostly those close to Sanader and to invite them to a session of the Presidency in 15 hours at which a formal decision on Sanader future. Damir Polancec, Bianca Matkovic and Mario Zubović confirmed to journalists that are exactly at 14:10 got a call from headquarters to come to an emergency session and have some time before 15 hours, along with Bozo Biskupic, Marina Dropulic, Branko Vukelic and Luka Bebic appeared in the party. A little after 16 o&#39;clock arrived, and Damir Polancec. Rosin: the man who threw the party rose from the abyss - Be sure that I will not betray a friend, and I have to see what they think of my party friends like Mary Zubovic, was the first reaction by the Central Committee of the HDZ and MP Jerko Rosin the official confirmation that Ivo Sanader expelled from the party.
 - It is sad that this happened, and not going in my head that someone who is a party rose from the abyss, and fully affirmed the experience. I Sanader at the press did not see any of this, and I was at the session of BiH Presidency, voted against the expulsion. The party must keep their dignity, but the question is whether this is the best way and whether they chose the right form. However, I respect the decision, and I&#39;ll stay with the HDZ no matter what I really sad about this, &quot;said Rosin. Rosin, as one of Sanader&#39;s closest friends, would not respond to PM you their mandate in parliament should return to the party or be activated as an independent advocate, but believes that he has a mandate to the right. Speaking about his party colleagues, however, which on Monday said that the press Sanader arrived almost on fraud, Rosin believes that this is due to the fact that &quot;people need to think about their future.&quot; - I knew it would be a press conference, says Rosin, who after Sanader&#39;s statements, said Sunday that it &quot;is not a split, rather than strengthening the HDZ, which media they want rastočiti.
 - Returns the morale of the party, they all relieve their souls because they feel somehow lost, he said Sunday Rosin. I. Profaca / EPEHA Kosor: HDZ does not endorse a candidate in presidential elections, Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor on tonight&#39;s news conference in the HDZ, which has been reported on removal of honorary president Ivo Sanader, the party reiterated that the HDZ is not supported by any one of the presidential candidates in the second round of elections for the President. &quot;We do not have in the second round of candidates and the decision was made in consultation with the party leadership, and Sanader was not there,&quot; she said Kosor. This was responded to with Sanader&#39;s assessment of yesterday&#39;s press conference where he said that the HDZ has to have its candidate in the second round of elections for president. Since you did not attend and did not participate in making that decision &quot;and was not interested based on what I said then that we have no candidates had no right to criticize,&quot; she said.
 She stressed that the party has a message that its presidential candidate in the second round of confirmed speculations that circulated in the public that the Mayor clandestine HDZ candidate. &quot;And that for us it has never been and will be,&quot; Kosor stressed, adding that the HDZ candidate Hebrang, he had only two per cent, entered the second round. Ivo Josipovic, she added, the candidate of the SDP, and Milan Mayor candidate &quot;who until yesterday was in the SDP&quot;. What does the Statute of the HDZ According to the Statute, Article 13, a decision to remove from membership of the competent authority where a HDZ member belongs or the competent authority of a higher level, where members perform certain duties by a majority vote of all members. According to the same article, a party member can be removed from membership in the event of damage to political interests or reputation of the party. Citizens against Sanader While many reporters and cameramen stood all day in front of the headquarters building, they were approached by many citizens who are given a list of support Kosor.
 The main question was whether released Ivo Sanader, and if not, you will. Sympathies caused the lady who sang: &quot;When one go, do not come back more ... Aid Kosor unanimously Karlovac County Board of HDZ has given full support to Government and its legally elected presidents and the presidency of HDZ, led by President Jadranka Kosor, announced tonight after a session of HDZ Karlovac County Board expanded with the presidents of municipal and county Board of HDZ. Government support and the Prime Minister today at an extraordinary session to NGOs Coordination of war Sisak County. As the president said after the session and coordination Umicevic Drago, a Croatian war veterans and victims of war and the County believe that Kosor his previous work on solving the problems of Croatian veterans and their families and the government has shown leadership ability in resolving the economic and social problems of Croatian society &quot;.
 Association of War Veterans treated for post traumatic stress disorder Sibenik County kninke &quot;Knin fortress&quot; was given by Prime Minister Kosor &quot;full support in the past and future conduct of the government,&quot; noting in a letter to the government with her at the forefront in the previous period, managed to return the country to the path of stabilization and accession the European Union. &quot;You did it in a few months to do what is piling up for years and have not been dealt, you start solving problems with Slovenia, you are caught up in tackling corruption, which many in this country pasture, which resulted in support of the world, especially the European Union&quot; , in the letter &quot;Knin fortress.&quot; The association also said Kosor sensitivity toward the small man, disabled, elderly and disabled, and her hard work and dedication to protecting the dignity of the war and protect the honor and pride of Croatian defender. (H) AB WING, PSD, (H)
 