05/05/2010 Justice Minister Ivan Simonovic comes to the highest international duty, which has so far held one Croat. Natasa Radic for Southeast European Times in Zagreb - 05/05/10 [AFP] Justice Minister Ivan Simonovic was appointed on Monday (May 3) the Assistant UN Secretary-General for Human Rights. This site was established last year and Simonovic will be the first official who comes to him. This is normally the highest international duty which has so far held a Croatian official. &quot;I&#39;ve always been involved in human rights issues, even as the minister of justice,&quot; said Simonovic told reporters. &quot;I was interested in this area of work throughout his career diplomat and university professor.&quot; Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Josipovic said he was &quot;very proud of this success, not only because it is a big challenge for Simonovic, but also because it is recognition for the Croatian diplomacy.
 Congratulating Simonovic, Deputy Prime Minister George Adlesic said that he and his work &quot;almost indispensable in the government.&quot; The newly-appointed official said Tuesday that he would like to complete judicial reforms needed to join the Croatian EU before they assume new duties in New York. Simonovic enjoys high public support. He tried to make the country&#39;s judiciary more transparent and effective rule of law. He will succeed Secretary of State for Justice Bošnjaković Drazen, who worked shoulder to shoulder with Simonovic on reforming the judiciary. Similar articles Loading The UN says Simonovic selected among 128 candidates from around the world and he has &quot;extensive experience in international development, human rights, peace building and development of national institutions, which dealt with the political and academic level.&quot; In the final stage of the nomination process, he and three other candidates had a video conference with UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who spoke with them on various international issues and matters relating to human rights.
 Simonovic was Minister of Justice since 2008. year. Before that, he was Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs and professor of law at the University of Zagreb. He also served as vice president and president of the Economic and Social Council of the UN (ECOSOC) since 2001. until 2003. year. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 