Oradea (Hungarian Nagyvárad, Großwardein German, Slavic name in Varazdin) is a Romanian town in the northwest 13 km from the border with Hungary. The main city of Bihor County and the largest city in the historical province Crişana. Crişana the western part of the larger historical province of Transylvania along the border with Hungary. Contents [edit] History of Oradea was built in the 10th century as a small fort. In the 11th century, the Hungarian King Ladislaus founded a diocese. The first documented mention of the city from the 1113th The Latin name for Varadinum. The city is more developed in the 14th century when they built the Gothic cathedral and numerous monuments. The city had an important astronomical observatory in which the 15th century, the famous radio astronomer and geographer Georg von Peuerbach proposed that the Earth&#39;s prime meridian passes through Varadin. In the 15th and 16 century the town was destroyed in many Turkish attacks. The Turks conquered the city briefly in the late 17th c. Upon return of the Hungarian authorities to restore the city in Baroque style.
 The city is developing rapidly, and in the late 19th century had a number of literary names like &quot;Happy Town&quot;, &quot;City of Tomorrow&quot;, &quot;Paris or Athens on the river Körös. In particular, many Jews who settled before the second World. War is almost a third of the population of the city. After 1 World. War the city fell under the Romanian government as part of Transylvania, although the Romanians accounted for less than 10% of the population of the city, a large majority were Hungarians. After that, the Hungarians were displaced and moved Romanians, Hungarians, but they still had a majority (all until 1966. Years). During the second World. War is a town briefly again became part of Hungary. Most of the Jews taken to concentration camps and killed, and the rest were only a few hundred. After the second World. war, the city returned to the Romanian authorities. Over time, the share increases more and more Romanians, Hungarians and decreases. Today about 70% of the population are Romanians, Hungarians and 30%. Jews today make up only 0.1% of the population.
 [Edit] Geography and economy of Oradea is located in the foothills of the Apuseni Mountains (also called the Bihor). It is located at the contact mountains and the Pannonian plain on the river Crişul Repede (Sebes Hungarian-Körös). In the area of the city there are many thermal springs (near the famous spa Băile Felix). Oradea is one of the economically most developed cities in Romania (gross domestic product is 150% higher than the Romanian average). This is the highest result of the position of the main traffic routes along the border with Hungary and the city is visited by many foreign investors. The most developed is the tertiary sector, but the infrastructure is still underdeveloped. [Edit] Sights Oradea is famous for its many buildings built in Baroque style (the city was rebuilt after the withdrawal of the Turks, a Viennese architect Franz Anton Hillebrandt planned to build a baroque city. The most important is the biggest Baroque cathedral in Romania and Baroque museum with 365 windows.
 Notable is a fortress built in pentagonal form. An interesting church Biserica cu Luna, whose clock shows the Phases of the Moon. There is also the largest Baptist church of eastern Europe. Building the theater in Oradea [edit] Sister cities [edit] External links [edit] Other projects Wikimedia Commons has material on the topic: Oradea v • d • Capitals counties in Romania, Alba Iulia • Alexandria • Arad • Bacău • Baia Mare • Bistriţa • Botosani Brasov • • • Brăila Buftea • Bucharest (capital) • Buzău • Călăraşi • Cluj-Napoca • Constanţa • Craiova • Deva • Drobeta-Turnu Severin • Focşani • Galaţi • Giurgiu • Iaşi • Miercurea-Ciuc • Oradea • Piatra Neamţ • Piteşti Ploieşti • • • Reşiţa Râmnicu Vâlcea • Satu Mare • Sfântu Gheorghe • Sibiu • Slatina • Slobozia • Suceava • Târgovişte • • Târgu Jiu Târgu Mureş • Timişoara • Tulcea • Vaslui • Zalău Retrieved from &quot;http://hr .wikipedia.org / wiki / Oradea &quot;Category: Cities in Romania
 