Author: Posted: 06.09.2010 Autobiography comes at an inopportune time for the Austrian authorities on charges that they covered up the details about the investigation VIENNA - Natascha Kampusch, a girl from Austria by Wolfgang Priklopil kidnapped on her way to school 1998th and held captive in the basement of his home eight years, this week published an autobiography entitled &quot;3096 days&quot; in which she would provide details about the kidnapping and the horrors that has endured all these years (about which it has often been reluctant to speak). RELATED NEWS News Manipulation kidnappers - now I feel strong enough to tell the whole story about the kidnapping - has claimed Kampusch, who for the book, which will be presented Thursday in Vienna, get a million pounds. It would Natascha should describe the abuse that has gone through, including the day he was kidnapped and the day when, eight years later, escaped, and that he eventually learned to manipulate the kidnappers in order to survive.
 Scary thought - It was like I was buried alive. It was oxygen, but it was the only difference from the grave. I have horrible thoughts crossed my mind. Sometimes I dreamed that I would have beheaded you have an ax - stated in previous interviews. Priklopil Natascha was kidnapped when she was 10 years on her way to school. Stuffed it into a van and took her to his house and imprisoned in the basement. The first six months was not allowed to leave the dungeon hidden behind a steel door. He later received permission to move and the rest of the house and yard. Priklopil was, he says, obsessed with cleanliness and treated her as a slave. She had to remove all areas that would be touched, and even forced her to shave her head so her hair would not have fallen at home. Wrestling match - forbade me to cry because he did not want to stay somewhere traces of salt. When I cried, because you would not be able to help, choking me. I would put my head under water in a bucket if I left a fingerprint on a glass surface or the latch on the door - said Natascha.
 - I am constantly thinking about when would be the right time to escape. I knew that I can not do anything riskrirati. I had to work to gain his trust - she is Natascha, who once admitted that Priklopil allowed to manipulate it, but that she had manipulated him. - It was like a wrestling match - she is Natascha, who escaped from the 23rd Priklopila August 2006., after which he killed. The book comes at the wrong time for the authorities, who are faced with new charges of covering up details about the investigation of the kidnapping (does not help the fact that the investigator who led the investigation killed). In the meantime, the court acquitted Ernst H., Priklopilovog friend of complicity. (MH) reads, photographs, growing cacti and visited the prison, the introduction of Kampusch&#39;s autobiography will come out of isolation, which are imposed by itself. One time he even took a television talk-show &quot;Natascha Kampusch meets ...&quot;, but eventually began to withdraw from public life (allegedly because of questions about the nature of the relationship with Priklopil and suspicion because he bought his house and car and allegedly carried with them his photo).
 Recently Natascha most of the time, reports the Telegraph, conducted in his apartment in Vienna, where cacti grow, photograph and read. Number of recommendations: 4 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 