Crime has no state, nation, Parties, ideology Photo: GP-krk.hr Worldwide svokodnevno happen affair smaller or larger scale, privatizcijski crime is not unique to Croatia, indeed. During the war was conducted, the assessment of some analysts who are always ideologically &quot;Set&quot; on one side, carried out the conversion and privatization, some have dubbed it the biggest robbery in Croatian history. There is no doubt that the conversion and privatization must be implemented, therefore, there are no assembly, namely, Yugoslavia broke up among other things because it is imaginary economic system collapsed in the country, therefore, workers are working, receiving a salary, and all the fruit was based on fictitious jobs. The only question is how the privatization should be implemented, not when, in fact, 1993. Croatia did not have known how to take a brutal aggression, when it will come to liberation.
 After transformation and privatization, the media, especially those who are well developed and potkožili empire, if not a monopoly, and deliberately targeted for robbery in the privatization accused Tudjman, the supreme commander of the army which in the imposed war, while the various ministers and tehnomenadžeri exclude liability, such that Tudjman was given to be a skilled economist and as it was not a task of some others who have had a duty to the national treasure, or at least what remained of the treasures after krahiralog socialism, act responsibly and in a way that democratic government has to relate to what their citizens entrusted to our stewardship. Some that did not comply, but they have a name, not &quot;right wing&quot; are generally acclaimed (at that time) and Democrats tehnomenadžeri. After all look at. Who has more money? Sanader or family Susak, who lived for many years and earned decent in Canada? So crime in privatization intrigue is not unique only for Croatia, everything, really everything, transition countries had problems with the rascals in their own ranks, even countries that have centuries-old democratic traditions are not immune to this type of crime.
 But back to the present, namely, against the head of the Tax Administration after years of investigation has been indicted, namely, an indictment is returned, as we have said, in 1993. year and during the conversion constructor GP, reportedly worth everything picked up the accused, led by Zeljko Zderic, Director construct and constructor largest shareholder group. Specifically, Žderić was led by the Board of Civil Constructor company, allegedly for him to &quot;assistance on&quot; was the actual head of the Tax Administration Mladineo, who is now with the previously mentioned Žderić and others accused of abuse of power in business operations and damage of several million who allegedly inflicted the Croatian Privatization Fund. Of course, that such is not unique to Croatia. Croatia has its own specifics, but in Croatia it is possible that the owner of a media &quot;does not forgive the 16-year-old, only in Croatia, it is possible that urban racists in the media hold important positions.
 What would happen to a journalist in the U.S. who would invent an interview with President Obama? This would no longer be a journalist, at least not in the company, the press house, which had previously worked, then the deception readership. Therefore, it is typical Croatian, and this is another crime that knows no borders and nationality. Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor, after years of silence, then a long silence of ten years (since the beginning of a new policy in the coming Račanovog regime came to power) has finally started to seriously confront potential, alleged criminals, profiteers and economic peers in all Croatian parties, as the HDZ in Croatia 17 years in power that the HDZ and has the most, which of course is not realistically be expected. People who watch their own inters always have to paste those pounds of government, then those who are more likely to be of use to such people. Does this mean that one can determine the collective guilt? No, just the opposite, indeed, the SDP was four years too many in government and in their structures were suspicious characters and creatures for as long as you want.
 What do you think it would be like to be ruled by Croatian 17 years?
 