CROATIAN GENERAL&#39;S VERDICT YET IN THE THIRD MONTH? Photo: Tinolovka-news/arhiv public was stirred up news that the verdict of the Croatian generals instead of this year will be issued in the spring, apparently in the third or possibly fourth month. Advertise on this occasion were many, even, considered by many the best, the Croatian lawyer (unlike some lawyers this is not no one beat), Zvonimir Hodak. Zvonimir Hodak jugonostalgičari believes that those who are not prežalili Yugoslavia, want to condemn Ante Gotovina and that&#39;s a shame that the Croatian general is sitting in jail along with the Serbian soldiers who have committed aggression against Croatia. Hodak believes that Gotovina is not helped sufficiently by those who have it thrown in Hagge. Fear of returning Ante Gotovina Apparently, according to the former fascist followers, Velimir Bujanca, the HDZ was in panic and fear from the verdict, Ante Gotovina, in fact, in both cases, whether acquittal or conviction will be a blow to the rating of HDZ.
 At least so says the man who in the early nineties belonged to an organization that has been shamefully Croatia, which acted like Mesic, Mesic sang Ustasha songs and people like the leaders of today&#39;s TV radios are chanted pro fascist slogans, Tudjman is hardly with such calculated. Croatia is still, unfortunately, is not. There is no doubt that the HDZ held responsible for what happened Ante Gotovina, and there is no doubt that sex &#39;washes the bad conscience &quot;when he argues that the atrocious words&quot; identify, transfer, arrest, offense Sanader and Mesic, did they have (not) work, Sex is not similar to any innocent as &quot;the morning dew.&quot; Racan&#39;s regime created the conditions for the prosecution, however, host torrent is forgotten (like hell he had forgotten), one important fact, &quot;betrayal&quot; began the moment when the regime gave Racan ICTY jurisdiction over the Flash and Storm, he was forgotten as he forgot that he was a follower of fascist, even it is a shame that such a person appears in the media and it is like, imagine a journalist when you release a demon from the bottle you simply can no longer return, although the fact that the HDZ is not overly protested, do you remember , it was a time in which the Racan&#39;s regime refused to hold a referendum in spite of enough signatures Croatian defenders.
 Today that same SDP crying because neraspisanog referendum. What a hypocrite. Heavy accusations Đakić and Milinovića ... Guest Velimara Bujanca was Vice-UHDDR Zagreb, Rogi, who accused the HDZ leadership that &quot;peacetime criminals,&quot; and President Joseph HVIDRA Đakić that the order sets of support Sanader obstructed Ante Gotovina. Speaking of &quot;respect for the Constitutional Law on Cooperation with the Hague Tribunal&quot;, it explicitly asserts, that the law was not, nor would Gotovina was Hagge, that the regime of Ivica Racan has not given jurisdiction over Hagge Storm and Flash. Rogić did not spare even Darko Milinovic whom he likened to Jakov Blazevic, we all know who was Jakov Blazevic, a servant of the communist regime and the person responsible for the harm done Stepinac, but not only him, and the damage this man is not alive, so that it democratic Croatia patience and the locks, then, that his institution responsible for this honor.
 For Rogići Milinovic Like the sheriff under svojojm boot holds all of the Chapel to Gospic ... Specifically, the statements Rogići to suggest that Milinovic banned posters highlighting podrškke Ante Gotovina, in Lika did not show any poster with the portrait of General Gotovina. &quot; Superior lawyer Zvonimir Hodak, a true patriot, disgusted over poltronstvom Croats, and the authorities, who welcomed Carla del Ponte as the Queen of Madagascar. - The government has forgotten that the Hague prosecution is only one of the parties and should be set up differently because PROSECUTOR not render a verdict for the Hague Tribunal - scored Hodak. As long as this circus closed in Hagge, it is evident that this is a political court, namely, what is it? Is the trial wicked who threw the bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, is on trial McArthur who had advocated the use of the atomic bomb in the Korean War, is on trial for those who for political reasons, destroyed Dresden and killed 100 000 when it is already criminal Hitler regime fell? Ante Gotovina is a symbol of the struggle for freedom not only to the Croatian army on trial, although this same modern army fought against the Nazis, fascists and communists? In our constitution everything pie (&quot;read HUND, BUT WRITING AND MILE&quot;), and among other things, writes about the fact that Croatia is founded on the war.
 Part defenders are asking the question: How is it possible that one Mladen Bajic &quot;arrested&quot; Cash? I&#39;d use a little common sense, which is Bajic did for Croatia and the Cash? And what do we do now if Gotovina is released? Best to run for president and raise charges against his pursuers. Convicted or acquitted, Gotovina was the war hero and a symbol of Croatian freedom struggle. ICTY behave with people as if they were sacks of potatoes and just so lightly, paid members of the enormously estalishmenta, go on holiday dernekovanja while people are still languishing in prison. For the fate of the generals responsible for the cash and false prophets, then creatures that are prone to fabricating interviews and visionaries Gotovina who have seen it in all places except those on which he was not. It is known that those of today are investigative journalists, and always have been, and will be detractors. Josipović gathers team of lawyers? Does he know something more? In the end, Bujanac said had information that Josipovic gathers team of lawyers which would be Nobilo (where exactly on &quot;Good Grief, It&#39;s a shame, wicked would say that would offset half Pantovcak), Prodan ... apparently he was invited to Hodak it was he refused ...
 What does this mean? To Josipović not believe in the innocence of Croatian generals? What are the parallel institutions?
 