Bozidar Adžija, lawyer and publicist, was born in Drnis 24th prosinca 1890th , where he finished elementary school. High school he enrolled in Split, but the demonstrations soon leaves protutalijanskih Split and transferred to Zadar. Even as a student Adžije occupying the theme of freedom and unity of the South Slav peoples. Because of the charismatic sociologist Professor Masaryk, Adžija decides to enter the Faculty of Political Sciences in Prague. He graduated from the academy and commercial law. Year 1914. Prague gained a PhD, after which they returned to their homeland. During the First World War Adžija served in the Austro-Hungarian military units in Dalmatia. After leaving the Army he returned to Drnis, where during the formation of the National Council was elected its members. But soon because of disagreements with the presence of the Italian army in Dalmatia, he moved to Zagreb. After arriving in Zagreb, Bozidar Adžija starts soon collaborate on a variety of magazines with the then communist leaders Otokar Keršovanijem, Ognjen Prica and Dragutin Cesarec.
 He was the initiator, editor and correspondent in numerous magazines: The workers &#39;movement, the Workers&#39; Protection, echo, and the life sciences and many others. Adžija wrote two books titled From Plato to Marx and Ten Years of the Russian Revolution, which aims to show the development of social ideas. In 1919. declared by the Commissioner for Social Affairs in Provincial Government. He organized the first working library. He dedicated himself to studying and working on a social-political legislation, particularly on insurance and protective labor legislation. At the time of world crisis 1929th year, Bozidar Adžija moves to the position of the Communist Party. At the founding congress of the Communist Party in August 1937., Adžija was briefly elected to the Central Committee of the Communist Party. Godine 1937. became president of the Central Committee of the Initiative Party of Working People (banned 1940).. Because of political action Adžija several times been arrested. That was the beginning of 1940th
 Macek National Defence Croatian Banovina Adžije arrested along with the story, and Keršovanijem Cesarec. After the capitulation of Yugoslavia are all committed to the Ustasha and transferred to a concentration camp in Kerestinec. With Ognjen Prica and Otokar Keršovanijem shot on 9 July 1941. (according to some knowledge of them is in the hands of the Ustasha Tito deliberately extradited to remove Croatian minded communists). Bozidar Adžija belonged to the intellectual wing of the Communist movement and, as such, its role can be characterized as predominantly humanistic and enlightenment, and less ideological.
 