SERBIAN President Boris Tadic has landed a little after ten o&#39;clock at Rijeka airport on the island of Krk. The alj met with Josipovic. &quot;The meeting without ties&quot; testifies to the fact that this is the unofficial meeting of two presidents. Tadic and Croatian Josipović ship Navy &quot;Great Pure&quot; Then they went to Opatija, where they arrived at 12.30. After that they went on foot to the restaurant where they dine Bevanda. About 15 hours provided the first public statements. Given that the road from Krk to Opatija lasted more than two hours, it is assumed that most of the planned meeting Presidents have done in the &quot;Great Pure&quot;. In Opatija Tadic and welcomed Mayor Ivo Josipovic Dujmić. Two of the President during the walk to the restaurant Bevanda very cordially chatted. Tadic at one point he leaned over the edge of the waterfront and said that &quot;more should look closely when you come to it&quot;.
 Josipovic Serbian President talked about the monuments of Opatija, in which he Tadic said &quot;I have already buckled. Genocide lawsuit settle out of court in 15 hours were Josipović Tadić spoke to reporters together. Croatian and Serbian President discussed the stabilization of relations, genocide, tourism, even the Davis Cup match between Croatian and Serbian, which is soon to play in Split. Particularly interesting are their thoughts on the genocide by Croatia against Serbia. Tadic stressed that the lawsuit would be best resolved out of court settlement, a Josipović agreed. &quot;The complaint is not the purpose to itself,&quot; says Josipovic and explains how to not make sense if it finds the possibility that all the issues it covers resolved by settlement. The first tourists on the Adriatic Journalists Serbian president was asked whether tourists in Serbia invited to spend the summer in the Adriatic. &quot;I think his visit to Opatija sent the best message.
 I am the first Serbian tourists in Croatia this year, &quot;said Tadic, and stresses that he is certain that the Serbian welcome tourists in Croatia although both sides of the border and there are still prejudices and stereotypes from the past that hinder fruitful cooperation at all levels. The presidents commented on the statement of Milorad Dodik as the time for the peaceful dissolution of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the breakaway Republic of Serbian. Dodik Tadic made clear that he opposes. &quot;Serbia is a signatory to the Dayton agreement and can not support the division of Bosnia. Josipovic President and I agree that the integrity of Bosnia and Herzegovina must not be jeopardized, &quot;said Tadic. And that is a conversation between the two presidents went to neopterećenoj and relaxed atmosphere, and it testifies to find time for sport. On the tapestry was tennis, Davis Cup and a recent essay on the occasion that the Tadic and discreetly Josipović podbadali.
 &quot;This is an open question that will best solve Novak Djokovic,&quot; said Tadic, a Josipović he countered that the statement would still be the best arbiter of Ivan Ljubicic. ] [/ Caption] Anticipation first meeting The first meeting of two presidents waiting for since the inauguration of the Josipovic by Tadic refused to come because of the arrival of the Kosovo president. Boris Tadic then said: &quot;The inauguration will be only one of us - or me or Sejdiu. In recent days, speculation that the first meeting will be on Saturday in Brussels, where Tadic and Josipović attend the international forum on the situation in the Western Balkans. However, none of them has not been confirmed, nor denied that he will be there to meet formally. &quot;We have not talked about the bilateral meeting, but do not exclude that this happens. Many times I have expressed willingness to talk, and as far as these opportunities, yet we see, &quot;he told Today Josipović.
 A similar answer sheet is received from the office of Serbian President. &quot;We do not know whether to be in Brussels to meet with Tadić Josipovic. Of course, there is a desire for dialogue, &quot;a statement from the office of Serbian President. [Caption id =&quot; attachment_154 &quot;align =&quot; aligncenter &quot;width =&quot; 300 &quot;caption =&quot; First Serbian tourists in Croatia this year welcomed by the President &quot;
 