After being stoned on the road came to the police that she was laughing, and a police officer he wanted to rape her. In Croatia, April, transgendered people from the Philippines, found peace with partner Mark .. Zagreb resident Mark decided to fight for his partner, April, transgendered people from the Philippines with whom he lived in Zagreb since last June and that the police could deport every moment. - This is a disaster, police tyranny, threatening my life partner. She escaped from such treatment, and it seems that even here is not any better - said Mark. April is currently located in a shelter for foreigners urchins. She says her partner, the Philippines was stoned on the road because of their gender identity, and her brother was threatened with death and in his native country could not employ, Jutarnji list. Their only chance of the European Court of Human Rights, from which their lawyers will Sanja Bezbradica seek to prohibit the deportation of Croatia.
 Stoned in the street, Mark and April were introduced in 2008. over the Internet, the relationship began, and after Mark went to the Philippines opened a grocery store. However, their life turned into hell, since April trpil suffered death threats by his brother, and once on the road stoned. After he called the police they were laughed at her, one she even wanted to rape her. After the typhoon devastated the country the locals are to blame for the disaster began April and Mark. In the quest for peace a few in October last year, moved to Croatia, where he found happiness. However, given that on April biologically born male with the name of Henry the couple could get married in Croatia, which meant she could not remain in Croatia after the quarterly vize.April went into the process of seeking asylum, which she, along with allegations that her life in the Philippines is threatened, denied. Rejected the appeal, and she has requested a postponement of deportation.
 Humiliated by the Croatian police - saw her naked But on Tuesday the couple received a call from the police and April found herself before the judges for misdemeanor illegal stay in the country. Although he then explained what happened to all the court could not immediately make a decision, and pending a decision handed down a protective measure - April is allowed to be kept in custody, but she was forbidden to leave the country. - During the procedure, tested and policemen. Menu is immediately clear that they were surprised by the decision - the story of Mark. As soon as they left the hall, April approached a police officer, took her freedom, she took on the duty department and handed her a measure of expulsion from the country! Quotes are any measure contrary to that imposed by the court! The same has been taken in the second Ježevo, nothing - says the Morning Gazette. Mark more than 24 hours not knowing where or how it was only on Thursday visited. Says his partner is scared and that was humiliated by the police who sought to strike at goal and it did not want to turn.
 Hearing continues in court on Friday.
 