The International Monetary Fund warned on Wednesday that in many rich countries underestimated the risk of high debt, reports the Wall Street Journal. Market reaction to the IMF has warned that many rich countries are approaching the levels of debt - end-points, which could cause a market reaction, and the market could raise interest rates on new debt. However, the IMF point out that countries that are closer to the upper limits of the budget deficits are not automatically result in negative market reaction. They say that the market significantly exaggerate the risks that some of these countries may be forced to restructure debts. On the other hand, some economists believe that the fund&#39;s excessive fears that the government&#39;s high indebtedness due to come into a situation they can not settle the obligation. Analysing three reports in 23 rich countries, the IMF said that Greece, Iceland, Italy, Portugal and Japan in the immediate vicinity of the point which could cause a bad reaction to the market, and Ireland, the United States, Britain and Spain are moving into &quot;dangerous territory&quot; .
 Incompatible with other euro zone countries with the most successful fiscal space to cope with potential new threats to the global economy were selected from Australia, Denmark, South Korea, New Zealand and Norway. The fund said that the escalation of debt in the group of seven industrial countries, a result of growth of the welfare state, and greater health spending. Confirm that the recession has deepened the problem of debt, and that the key to his bringing to an acceptable level only control of health care and pension spending and economic growth. Their opposition to assist countries that have found themselves in debt problems yesterday reiterated Slovakia&#39;s Prime Minister Iveta Radicová arguing that such countries should let it go bankrupt. He stressed that a European fund to stabilize create more problems than it will solve them. Governments need a value system based on accountability to ensure the survival of the euro - said.
 