THURSDAY, 1 JULY 2010 the highest GDP per capita in the European Union, expressed in purchasing power parity, last year recorded a Luxembourg, Bulgaria and the smallest. Croatia is in turn reached 64 percent European average, showed a first estimate by Eurostat. Luxembourg was in 2009. achieved by far the largest GDP per capita in the amount of 268 percent European average. This is a great principality confirmed the leading position in 2008. when its GDP was also the largest. Croatia with 64 percent of average GDP per capita of the European Union in 2009. was slightly better than the Hungarian, Estonian and Polish. Among the countries which last year recorded the lowest GDP per capita measured in purchasing power parity are Bulgaria, with 41 percent average, with 45 percent of Romania and Latvia to the average of 49 percent European average. German and Hungarian banks will be able to rely on the support of the state by the end of the year, decided by the European Commission.
 After the outbreak of the international financial crisis in late 2008. year, the governments of European countries have offered their bank loan guarantees and fresh capital in order to save them from destruction. Program loan guarantees German government expires at the end of the month, and may be extended until the end of the year, although under less favorable conditions. The European Commission believes that the less favorable terms of the government loan guarantees are necessary to encourage banks to refinance on the market without government support. Hungarian bank recapitalization program has also been extended for six months - until the end of the year, and other support programs for banks, which expire in late June will be extended. The European Commission has approved plans for the Polish government about expanding the capacity for storage, which Poland intends to fund with 390 million euros. The plan should be fully implemented 2015th year, and would increase the capacity for storage of gas in Poland for nearly 60%.
 This will allow Poland to cope with interruptions and seasonal jumps in demand for this fuel. Thanks to this project, Poland will increase the security of gas supply, and without undue distortion of competition, because the storage capacity available to all competitors on the Polish market. Apart from the Polish government, funds for financing the project will provide the Regional Fund and the European Union.
 