In the night between Monday and Tuesday, the 2nd 11th 2010, early in the morning two young men carried him ¹ as planned, violent, homophobic campaign against gay men in front of him, ¹ noænog club syrup Svetice, one of the most popular gay gathering ¹ University of Zagreb. According to the press Chris O. (26) and Joseph E. (24) zaskoèili are two gay young men at the exit from the club and brutally beaten. Hit them with sticks apparently prepared in advance by mail and talking with tear gas, and at the end of a broken bottle on his head and it cut glass on the face and body. http://www.vecernji.hr/vijesti/vikali-su-nam-pred-policijom-pedercine-ubit-cemo-vas-clanak-210778 The allegations in the press, association Zagreb Pride gathered indisputable evidence that it was a pre- saèeku ¹ planned and aimed at frightening ¹ making, shortly of expression and beatings of gay people about the sexual orientation èijoj zakljuèivalo on places of assembly and on the basis of their gender expression expression.
 One of the visitors to the club syrup just before this premlaæivanja narrowly escaped the attack. In the official arm &#39;s length statement Zagreb Pride described the event: &quot;About 4 or 5 in the morning after the mail I came out of the club Syrup. In front of the club were two young people he ¹ persons that are to me the mail back and began to attack me harassing questions,&quot; Are you gay, come on, did you? &quot; . I have them turned back to let me go in peace. Then I heard that one of the two says, &quot;Let him see the mail that normally is trained, it&#39;s not gay, we continue to search for a fag.&quot; I told them &quot;ma ¹ ta ye inside, inside are you all drunk. &quot;To which one replied,&quot; Let it ¹ that are drunk in the Fags. &quot;They let me and I went ¹ came home. Iduæeg day I learned that two of my acquaintance brutally pretuèena front of syrup.&quot; The newspaper indicated that the two attacker arrested and detained and that their detention was determined. Zagreb Pride calls the police and State Attorney UBLIC ¾ ¹ tvo to characterize the attack as a crime out of it driven by Mr. ¾ ¹ ll intolerant on the basis of sexual orientation and gender expression expression.
 Zagreb Pride searching and Minister of Internal Affairs ¹ Karamarko to respond publicly and condemn this crime and no doubt he called her name: the brutal attack on gay people are brought Mr. ¾ it and homophobia. We invite all the other potential witnesses or the victims to contact us by phone 091 500 7867 or e-mail: info@zagreb-pride.net. Legal Service ¾ ba Zagreb Pride will submit briefs and the corresponding ¾ ¾ nim be competent authorities and if necessary at no charge to represent all of the mail teæene. For Zagreb PrideFranko Dota info@zagreb-pride.net 091 500 7867
 