strategic component of the stabilization of South-stock of Europe, said in his opening exhibit-ganjuVlatko Cvrtila, dean of the Zagreb-Faculty of Political Science, which, at a meeting in the Croatian Academy of Arts and Sciences &quot;Croatian membership in the NA-TO - return to European stability,&quot; which was prepared- dilo Scientific Council for Peace and Human Rights ZU-HA-a, 23 October 2008. By Cvrtilinim words in public is a development-thinking at present that call for the NATO-com-cal all complete, however, that warning is not so, because we are entering a space that is unknown to us, like the disciples, he said, who entered first grade and does not know what awaits them in school. &quot;The entry of har-NATO is a great and historic opportunity,&quot; Cvrtila said, adding that not all instruments that formed the excavation-risto that chance, that from past experiences and do not all use the same way. Speaking about the geostrategic position of har-ever, Cvrtila noted that he has always been complex, but despite everything, he said, Croats are like old people, for centuries without a state, however, successfully-to preserve their space, which deserves men- monument.
 Cvrtila noted that the security važančimbenik development in transition countries and that Croatia has a historically important function in terms of regional stability and regional contacts. &quot;Croatia can not be a bulwark, as it was in history, she needs to supplement the integrative-space and thereby gain a greater role in regional development and promotion of the values for the integration of the EU-bonded area,&quot; he said. Here, ka-EURO-ATLANTIC WEEKLY Organization for the Promotion of North-Atlantic integration (OPSA)-w ww. the dog. en-OPSA @ opsa.hr mean is, we need to develop multilateral cooperation, strengthening the regional component, which require strategic sectors such as tourism, which is linked to security. Participating in the debate, Radovan Pavic warned will give the Croats if they lose leverage and language development, which is becoming more and more a mixture hrvats-ko-Serbian-English, stop being a historical people.
 Warning to the occupation of Croatian territory on the Danube and Prevlaka by Serbs and Montenegro, Pavic said he will give no indication of those areas would soon return. It is particularly expressed concern about the sale of ZIO-Croatian, which he called &quot;the sold-out polukolo-nijom. ZaSlobodana Langa Europe appeared to by-effective in the systems of evil, and very inefficient in good systems. In his words, Europe is not a sta-tion to link humanitarian. I was of the European Union&#39;s embarrassment, he said, adding that he does not know whether the future of the EU in the capital and military power ostrich. Speaking about the transformation of NATO from a military to military, political and vojnosigurnosnu association and the value of name-will be the establishment of democratic standards, Damir Grubisa expressed confidence that the Croatian military authorities and the army is still oversized. Zdravko Mršić, the first foreign minister of an independent Croatian, saying the financial crisis is a result of the collapse of western leg of the economy, said kakoće in the future, at least for some time to come to the strengthening of national states.
 &quot;It creates a new world kojemuće a time to strengthen the nation state,&quot; said the spo-menuvši Russia, Japan, China and German-ku. In his words, nation-states preuzetće role of regulation and business owners. It is believed that the European Union has transformed the country, because razdrobljena Europe will not be able to cope with challenges. ET / OPSA
 