However, Polancec thereby unduly narrowed the list of political suspects if it is already talking about command responsibility, because there are a decision voted by then all government members, not just the short course. In addition, the Governing Board of the Croatian Privatisation Fund, which was recommended by the Government to accept the offer Adriai with Club members, as Chairperson of the Committee, sat still and Ivan Suker, Petar Cobankovic and Bozidar Kalmeta as members of this committee. Journalists have the information that is Kosor signed the government&#39;s decision found in the archives of the Croatian Privatisation Fund, because the public and journalists do not usually get to see a signed decision from the government, rather than just making suggestions that the Government delivers. Naturally, this is only a political, not criminal liability, but it seems that Ante Nobilo, a lawyer of Damir Polancec, the game just to map the entire government knew for jobs with HEP because USKOK believes that there is no direct evidence that suggest that the former Deputy Prime Minister had a material benefit or dishonest motives in promoting the TLM sell ADRIAL.
 Because if USKOK no other evidence apart from the political command responsibility Damir Polancec, then you are more or less equally guilty of all government members, notably former Prime Minister and the person who signed the decision, and it is Kosor. This would consequently mean that the HDZ, the Government and Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor in the fight against corruption finally caught - its tail. - To my knowledge, agreement to sell cheap electricity TLM was a strategic and political document to preserve the aluminum industries in the pool and nobody had anything against it, and this propaganda, as some call it, has caused damage to the consortium and the TLM -u - commented on the County Assembly case &quot;HEP - TLM - Aluminium Mostar&quot; Šibenik-Knin County Goran Pauk. - If that was anything criminal, let it deal with the State Attorney&#39;s Office and USKOK, no matter how much it bothered Sibenik, TLM or consortium - said the spider. In his opinion, everything is done in good faith, to a strategic industrial sector after the war casualties put on your feet.
 And how are contracts in 2007. The sales of electricity are adequate and current weather trends in the market, it is, &quot;says Spider, a matter of reconciliation of the parties, which these days do. Come from the consortium committed to the thesis of denials Conversion TLM&#39;s land where, supposedly, new owners intend to build hotels and apartments that are enormously rich. - These are really arrogant lies and deception of the public. The factory occupies 650-700000 square meters. Since this function in the aluminum industry remains 500 000, and the remaining land, on which was formerly šibenska electrolysis, it is degraded, the consortium will cost about 40-50 million. That part of the old electrolysis remains outside the production system consortium is offering free city of Sibenik, for certain social purposes: to build a new hospital building, football stadium or any other content - say in the consortium. If their goal was the dismantling of the entire plant, he noted, it would mean the dismissal of 1200 workers who need to pay severance pay, which would cost the owner of at least 200 million.
 - Who would have taken so burdened land in front of him if you can purchase land and build a vastly cheaper - say our sources from the consortium.
 