Düsseldorf (phonetically: Dusseldorf) is the capital of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia (Nordrhein-Westfalen). According to the state at 31 December 2007 the city had a population of 581 122 inhabitants. [1] is considered one of Germany&#39;s economic center. It is situated on the River Rhine in a very densely populated area known as the Ruhr area, where live more than 10 million inhabitants. The city is also famous for many events, especially in the field of culture, fashion and trade fairs. In July of each year, more than 4 million people [2] a visit to Dusseldorf Exhibition (Große Düsseldorfer Kirmes) Contents [edit - edit] History of Düsseldorf, which is located at the transition region towards the lower Rhine region Bergisches Land, makes the political center of the province of North Rhine -Westphalia. In addition to its enormous importance in the economy, even global scale, Düsseldorf is of great importance in the field of arts, culture and modern architecture.
 In addition to the seat of the provincial government and its many ministries, and the county seat of Düsseldorf (Düsseldorf Bezirk) in the city there are several other institutions and agencies. Düsseldorf is one of the strongest metropolitan economy in Europe, and next to Dresden is the only major city in Germany with no debts. [Seeking the source of the 07th 2010.] Since industrialization began, Düsseldorf became the headquarters of world-renowned industrial and commercial companies and banks. Many advertising agencies and fashion give the city the characteristics of creativity and innovation. In addition, Düsseldorf International Airport is an important global hub and is the largest airport in Rurskoj field. After London, Düsseldorf is the largest Japanese community outside of Asia, including their companies and cultural communities. In German and international level are known Düsseldorfski Fair (Messe Düsseldorf) Düsseldorfska Stock Exchange (Rheinisch-Westfälische Börse).
 In addition to industry, an important economic factor is tourism. In the field of culture, art and modern architecture in Düsseldorf is one of their own world record. In addition to the many museums, galleries and major art collection of North Rhine-Westphalia (Nordrhein-Westfalen Kunstsammlung), here is the renowned Düsseldorf Academy of Art. Theater arts is significantly represented by acting Houses (Düsseldorfer Schauspielhaus). Since it has a relatively large number of different halls and halls, Düsseldorf is often host to many international events, and events. In addition, many here were born in German musicians and poets. As a carnival city, Düsseldorf is famous for its folk traditions and the carnival parade on the occasion Rosenmontag (the first Monday before Ash Wednesday (Mittwoch Asher)). During the summer, about four million visitors to attend the big fair Rhine (größte Kirmes am Rhein), which lasts nine days and is considered one of the largest fairs of the world.
 In addition to the famous royal avenue (Königsallee), the düsseldorfski famous old town with its countless bars, cafes and restaurants, especially on weekends, which are well attended. Especially favorite pub where the beer is poured especially the old, which is a specialty center. In Düsseldorf and surroundings are talking specific German dialect called Düsseldorfer Platt. While the Roman Empire is strengthening its position across Europe, several Germanic tribes settled in the marshy area on the left bank of the Rhine. In the 7th and 8 Ages, where the small river flows into the Rhine Düsseldorf, could find only a small insignificant village which is the main source of survival was a fishing and farming. The first mention of the city of Düsseldorf has recorded 1135 years called Düsseldorp. The same document says that under Emperor Friedrich I Barbarossa Kaiserswerth small town, which lies to the north of Düsseldorf, became a very well-fortified outpost, where they were stationed soldiers who were carefully beheld on every movement on the River.
 Kaiserswerth later became a suburb of Düsseldorf in 1929. Düsseldorf in 1647, etching In 1186 Düsseldorf came into the ownership of Count of Berg. The seat of the county of Berg moved to Düsseldorf 1280th An important date in the history of Düsseldorf considered on 14 August 1288 when the sovereign Count Adolf V of Berg gave the village on the banks of the river Düsseldorf city status. Prior to that announcement, there was a bitter struggle for supremacy between the Archbishop of Cologne-based and Count of Berg, who supported the residents and peasants both cities: Cologne and Düsseldorf. This struggle culminated in the battle for Worringen ended winning the Count of Berg, which has paved the way for declaring the city of Düsseldorf. This event is still celebrated, and set the statue on the square Burgplatz. After this battle, the connection between these two cities has been weakened, as they were commercial rivals. Even now sometimes speaks of the hostility between Cologne and Düsseldorf, although more in some comedic forms, a rivalry is sometimes expressed over the Rhine and sports carnivals.
 Trade center sprang up on the banks of the Rhine, protected by city walls on all four sides. In 1380, Düsseldorf became the center of the Duchy of Berg. During the following centuries, were built several famous sights, including the Collegiate Church of St. Lambertus. In the early 17th century, specifically 1609, the ducal dynasty became extinct in Jülich-Berg-Cleves, and come up with convulsive struggle for succession. Duchy of Jülich and Berg came in having Wittelsbach Counts of Palatinate-Neuburg, who made Düsseldorf their seats, even though they inherited the dukedom Electoral Palatinate (Pfalz) 1685, becoming the Elector Palatinate. Something significant growth and development of Düsseldorf happened under the rule of the electoral prince Palatinate Johann Wilhelm II (Johann Wilhelm II) (1690-1716) in the 18th century, the people known as Jan Welem. Heavily influenced by his wife Anna Maria Luisa de&#39;Mediči (Anna Maria Luisa de &#39;Medici), the art lover has built a number of art galleries with a large number of paintings and sculptures, which were located in the city palace.
 After his death, which was formerly very prosperous royal town, again fall into crisis, especially when the Elector Karl Theodor of Bavaria (Karl Theodor) inherited the Bavarian electoral prince moves headquarters in Munich. At the same time, he moved and the art gallery of his predecessors in Munich, where he becomes part of the now famous Old Painting Gallery (Alte Pinakothek). During the Napoleonic wars, Dcsseldorf experiencing the devastation, and the population falls into misery and poverty. Napoleon proclaims the Grand Duchy of Berg, and Düsseldorf its capital. Solingenškog leader of the resistance against Napoleon&#39;s decree of mobilization, JCC Devaranne was executed in Düsseldorf 1813 years. After Napoleon&#39;s fall, the whole area including the Rhine Berg entered into the Kingdom of Prussia in 1815. Shortly thereafter established the parliament of the Rhine Provinces based in Düsseldorf. In the mid 19th
 century the city experienced a revival thanks to the Industrial Revolution, a 1882 population exceeding 100,000, while that number doubles 1892nd The development of the city was again halted during the First and Second World War. During World War II, Düsseldorf was practically razed to the ground, due to the almost daily bombardment. After the war, in 1946 the city became the capital of the federal state North Rhine-Westphalia. Accelerated work on reconstruction and rehabilitation, thanks to which today Düsseldorf became rich trading, administrative and industrial center of the region. [Edit - edit] Geography [edit - edit] Physical characteristics of Düsseldorf lies at the center of the lower course of the Rhine basin on the delta of the river Düsseldorf, where it flows into the Rhine. Much of the city is located on the left side of the river, except for four city districts: Oberkassel, Niederkassel, Heerdt and Lörick. On the other side of the river, was built in Neuss city (population: 152 625 (2005)), the delta of the river Erft.
 Düsseldorf is located in the southwest of the Ruhr area, the urban middle Rhine-Ruhr region. Düsseldorf is entirely built on the alluvial plain, which made the Rhine causing large amounts of mud, sand, clay and gravel. The highest point in the area of Düsseldorf, Sandberg, the easternmost town in the suburb Hubbelrath, and is 165m. The lowest point is situated on the northern outskirts of the city Wittlaer, where the Schwarzbach river empties into the Rhine, and is 28m. Like the rest of the area, Düsseldorf has mild winters and moderate summers, with average annual temperature of 10.5 ° C and annual rainfall of 770mm. The predominant winds are from the south and southeast, with speeds of 3-4 m / s, while about 35% of the time below 2 m / s, are generally more common at night in winter. [3] [4] [edit - edit] Districts Districts Düsseldorf Düsseldorf is currently (2007) divided into 10 administrative districts. Each district (Bezirk) has its own District Council (Bezirksvertretung) and its own mayor (Bezirksvorsteher).
 There are a total of 49 neighborhoods within the city [5]: Altstadt hassels Oberkassel Angermünde Heerdt Pempelfort Benrath Hellerhof Rath Bilk Himmelgeist Reisholz Carlstadt Stadtmitte Derendorf Holthausen Hubbelrath Stockum Düsseltal Itter Unterbäch Eller Kaiserswerth Unterbilk Flehe Kalkum Unterrath Flingern Lichtenbroich Urdenbach Friedrichstadt Lierenfeld Vennhausen Garath Lohausen Volmerswerth Gerresheim Lörick Wersten Golzheim Ludenberg Wittlaer Grafenberg Mörsenbroich Hafen Hamm Niederkassel Oberbilk [edit - edit] Adjacent cities and districts following cities and districts bordering Düsseldorf (in a clockwise direction starting from the north): the city of Duisburg in the district of Mettmann district: Mettmann, Ratingen, Erkrath, Hilden , Langenfeld, and Monheim, and in the district of Neuss district: Neuss, Dormagen and Meerbusch. [Edit - edit] Economy Schadow Arkaden - Düsseldorf Trade Center, not only is known as a center of marketing and fashion industries, but in the last few years the city has become one of the most important telecommunications center in Germany.
 There are 18 internet providers that are located in Düsseldorf. Besides them, the city is the headquarters of two of the four largest German mobile operators: Vodafone D2 and E-Plus. Also, many foreign companies are headquartered here, such as NTT, Ericsson, Nokia and GTS. Many Internet companies have their roots in Düsseldorf, there are about 400 advertising agencies in the city, among them the three largest in Germany: BBDO Group, Publicis Group and Grey Group. Many of these agencies are associated with large global advertising agencies like Ogilvy &amp; Mather, dents, Hakuhodu, Digital District and DDB. Düsseldorf&#39;s has around 170 national and international financial institutions and about 130 insurance agencies and one of the largest German stock exchange. There are also about 200 publishing houses. In addition, several leading companies have their headquarters here: Henkel, E. ON, ThyssenKrupp, Metro AG, Ergo, LTU International Airways and others.
 Since the 1960s there was a strong connection between Düsseldorf and Japan. Many Japanese banks and European companies have their offices located right here, so that Düsseldorf has, after London and Paris, the third largest Japanese community in Europe. [6] [7] Royal Alley (Königsallee or &quot;KO&quot;) is a popular destination for tourists. There are famous jewelry, fashion shops, galleries and many other luxury shops. Königsallee has one of the highest rents for shops and bureaus in Germany. [8] [edit - edit] Media in Düsseldorf out numerous newspapers and magazines, most notably the Handelsblatt, Rheinische Post, Wirtschaftswoche, Deutsches Wirtschaftsblatt and VDI-Nachrichten. Almost all of these media are available on the Internet. Prominent film companies, such as the largest German cinema houses Riech-Group and TV channels WDR, ZDF, CNN, NBC Giga and QVC contributions Düsseldorf position as a media center in Germany.
 [Edit - edit] Transportation Düsseldorfski international airport Düsseldorfska Subway Düsseldorf International Airport, also known as the Rhein-Ruhr Airport, is located 8 km from the city center and it can be easy to come by rail or the S-Bahn. In the city there is a train station, which connects Düsseldorf with a large German and European capitals, while the airport is connected via the Skytrain automated Komuter. Old local train station is located below the terminal building, and on it there are lines of S-Bahn (S7) to the main city and station to Solingen, and a few selected lines of the night. After Frankfurt and Munich, Düsseldorf International Airport is the third largest commercial airport in Germany. Annual passes through this airport, about 16.6 million passengers. [Seeking the source of the 07th 2010.] Around 70 airlines offering flights to around 180 destinations on 4 continents.
 The airport is pretpio considerable damage to 1996 when the fire broke out due to large-scale works on welding, and fire killed 17 people. [Seeking the source of the 07th 2010.] Soon he introduced a completely redesigned and Skytrain. Düsseldorf is one of the major railway hubs in the network of the German State Railway (Deutsche Bahn). More than a thousand trains pass through town daily. The main train station is located in the center of the square Konrad Adenauer. Several S-Bahn line connects the city with other places in Rurskoj field. Within the districts runs a local train and many bus lines. Bus and local rail traffic control Rheinbahn local company, owned by the city. The main railway station is also one of the main station for fast intercity and international rail IC (Intercity), EC (Eurocity) and ICE (InterCityExpress) throughout the State of North Rhine-Westphalia has a dense interwoven network of highways, many of which lead to Düsseldorf.
 The city is connected by motorways A3, A44, A46, A52, A57, A59 and A524. [Edit - edit] Information [edit - edit] Demography [edit - edit] The living standard of the Agency, &quot;Mercer HR Consulting&quot; in 2007 after completion of studies made on the 5th Düsseldorf location of the cities with the highest living standards in the world and first place in Germany. [10]. However, this has its price, in the same study measured the cost of living, according to which the Düsseldorf third most expensive city in Germany after Munich and Frankfurt, and Berlin level. At the global level, is located on the 45th place. [11] [edit - edit] Culture and Recreation first significant cultural and artistic activities in Duesseldorf were in the 17 and 18 century under the auspices of the Electoral Prince Wellema Jan and his wife Anna Maria Luisa de&#39;Mediči. Especially prominent artists who were born or worked in the poet Heinrich Heine, who is in honor of the 200th celebration of 1997 years
 anniversary of his birth, Clara and Robert Schumann, Felix Mendelssohn and the famous composers who have worked and worked in Düsseldorf. It is well known and so-called &quot;Dusseldorf School,&quot; which brings together names such as Paul Klee, Joseph Beuys, Gerhard Richter and Albert Bierstadt. Reputation as a center of arts contribute significantly to the gallery collections in provincial North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany&#39;s famous Opera on the Rhine (Deutsche Oper am Rhein), Dusseldorf Theatre (Schauspielhaus) and the artistic home of Gustaf Gründgens. [Edit - edit] Music from the 1950s called &quot;Kom (m) ödchen&quot; were one of the most famous political cabaret in Germany. Of all musical genres, the city is very famous for its modern, popular and avantgardnoj electronic music group Kraftwerk. The group Kraftwerk, which was founded by several diseldorfskih musicians, often considered the most significant band in Germany after the Second World War, and as pioneers of electronic music.
 Significant is also the power metal band Warlock, which was formed in Düsseldorf in 1982. Their frontman Doro Pesch, after the dissolution of the group, had a very successful solo career throughout Europe and Asia. They originated from Düsseldorf and punk band Die Toten Hosen, Westernhagen and folk singer Heino. [Edit - edit] Sport ISS Dome, a new stadium for ice hockey at LTU-Arena Dusseldorf most famous football club Fortuna Düsseldorf, Germany champions 1933. Today Fortuna takmički in the regional league (3rd league), its new stadium LTU arena opened in January 2005, and has a capacity of 51 500 spectators. Düsseldorf has been one of the nine host the World Championship held in 1974 in Germany. Besides football, Düsseldorf hosted the tennis club&#39;s World Cup since 1978 on grounds Rochusclub. Among other sports, are very successful hojekaši DEG Metro Stars, before DEG - Düsseldorfer Eislauf Gemeinschaft, which play in the new ISS-Dome Hall.
 Successful and Düsseldorf Panther, American football club who have won six times German Championship in 1995 Eurobowl. Beside them are active Rhine Fire Düsseldorf, who have twice won the World Bowl in 1998 and 2000, and compete in the NFL Europe league. In Düsseldorf are also popular table tennis (club Borussia Düsseldorf), handball (HSG Düsseldorf), basketball (Düsseldorf Magics), baseball (Düsseldorf Senators) and dancing (Rot-Weiß Düsseldorf). [Edit - edit] Carnival One of the biggest cultural event in Düsseldorf, Dusseldorf Carnival (known as the fifth season) which begins each year, 11th November morning in 11 hours and 11 minutes and reaches its climax on Rosenmontag, with a massive parade through the streets of the city. Carnival ends on Ash Wednesday (Aschermittwoch). Carnival is part of many traditional carnival activities in the Rhineland. [Edit - edit] Gastronomy Düsseldorf is well known for a dark beer Altbier (Old beer), which is produced only in the area of Düsseldorf.
 [12] Other traditional drinks are liqueurs and Killepitsch Samtkragen. Traditional dishes in the area of the Rheinischer Sauerbraten (beef, horse meat or pickled for a few days) and he ahd Himmel (black pudding with stewed apples mixed with mashed potatoes). In winter, many people prefer to eat diseldorfčani Muscheln Rheinischer Art (Rhenish shell mode). It is also a specialty Düsseldorfer Senfrostbraten (Steaks roasted with mustard). Together with the French city of Dijon, Düsseldorf is famous for its mustard, which served in a traditional pot &quot;Mostertpöttche&quot;, which were immortalized in a still life by Vincent van Gogh in 1884. [13] [edit - edit] Theatre Tonhalle Dusseldorf [edit - edit] Museums and art institutions Art Collection North Rhine-Westphalia - K20 (Grabbeplatz) [edit - edit] Education Heinrich Heine University in Düsseldorf is located in the south metropolitan area.
 In his study, about 20 000 students and has a large number of areas: natural sciences, mathematics, computer science, philosophy, social sciences, arts, languages, medicine, pharmacy, economics and law. Other academic institutions are: [edit - edit] Buildings Colorium - Dusseldorf Airport media [edit - edit] Cities partners [edit - edit] Celebrities [edit - edit] References [edit - edit] External links Wikimedia Storage - More media related If you follow the link Düsseldorf Retrieved from &quot;http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/D% C3% BCsseldorf&quot; Categories: Articles with the alleged statements from 07 2010th | Articles with the alleged statements | Cities in Germany
 