Delegation of the European Union in Croatia has recently asked outside experts to report on crimes related to intellectual property rights. Concentrated on the threat to health and safety of counterfeit goods (pharmaceuticals, toys, auto parts, cigarettes, etc.) and the involvement of organized crime, trafficking in counterfeits. The report confirms that Croatia is facing the same challenges as growing and the Member States of the EU: As a leading Croatian law enforcement agencies to engage in the fight against illicit trafficking in the European Commission organized a two-day international workshop: Public Health and Organised Crime - Regional Workshop on crime related to intellectual property rights. The workshop brings together more than 100 experienced representatives of law enforcement bodies of the Customs, Police Inspector, pharmaceutical agencies, the Office for Intellectual Property of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo (under UNSC Resolution 1244/99), Serbia, Albania, Montenegro, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Turkey.
 The aim is to provide a forum for professional discussion and facilitate regional cooperation. Media representatives are invited to attend the welcoming speeches police director Oliver Grbic and Ambassador Paul Vandoren, Head of Delegation of the European Union in Croatia, at Hotel International, Zagreb, 27 April 2010 at 8:50 pm. Violations of intellectual property rights in short in numbers recently updated information OSCE show that international trade in counterfeits and pirated goods valued at the amount of 188 billion euros in 2007. This amount is greater than the individual gross domestic products 150 economies in the world, including 24 member states of the EU. The latest available statistics the number of European customs authorities seized goods which are suspected to be a violation of intellectual property rights in 2008. increased by 126% to 178 million items. Products potentially hazardous to the health and safety of European consumers have reached a figure of 20 million pieces, or 11% (food and beverages, personal hygiene products, medicines and toys) from the total of seized goods.
 In Croatia, the number of customs seizures increased each year in 2009. raised a total of 300 procedures. The largest number of seizures in recent years relates to cigarettes (37%) and footwear (9.12%). Speech by Ambassador Vandoren.
 