Ivo Sanader has been deleted from the membership of the Croatian Democratic Union, has confirmed to the press conference, party president Kosor.
 Former Prime Minister: I accept the decision of the party.
 Meeting of top ruling party that lasted until the evening hours on Monday did not prisustvovo Sanader and Luka Bebic appeared in the afternoon.
 He mentions the expulsion Maria Tooth, while the Speaker of Parliament who has publicly sided with Ivo Sanader on Sunday, Seks said that he is entitled to his opinion of President of the HDZ Kosor at the press conference said that 16 members voted for the expulsion against were Bebic Zubović and Polancec, a restrained and Matkovic Selem. According to the statute HDZ honorary president enjoys life function. However, it seems that Vladimir Seks, the HDZ&#39;s legal expert, iznašao way to circumvent the statute of HDZ Ivo Sanader and deleted from the membership. Kosor at the beginning of the press conference said that the immediate leadership within the party president, deputy, six vice presidents and secretary general, who was elected to the General Assembly has full legitimacy to make decisions and that they unanimously decided that the HDZ caused huge damage and Presidency of the proposed deletion Sanader from party membership.
 Kosor meeting with Bajic and Karamarko Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor in the evening hours on Monday arrived at the headquarters at St. Mark&#39;s Square. There have already arrived Interior Minister Tomislav Karamarko and Chief State Prosecutor Mladen Bajic, but the prime minister did not answer when asked why they also came in the Cabinet building. Since neither Karamarko Bajic or not in the mood for a statement upon arrival at the Government, on the theme of their meeting, likely can only speculate, but it can be said that such meetings are not common. It is also significant that the Prime Minister meets with key people from the investigative authorities on the day when the party expelled former prime minister who has been associated with numerous scandals. &quot;This morning, met the immediate leadership of the party and we all agreed on one thing: that the HDZ suffered irreparable damage, the first time in history, precedent is breached. After the meeting arrived the presidents of county organizations HDZ and unanimously concluded that yesterday&#39;s meeting and Pressica unprecedented precedent, and that the party suffered major damage, including members of the agitation entered the parallelism that has led these šeset months led to a split in the HDZ, &quot;said Kosor.
 &quot;What happened could have led to the collapse of the Government to stop negotiations with the European Union, we can not allow. Raskolio If the HDZ and partners, it would be tilting in early elections and could be completed only for six months. It would to irreversibly lost time, &quot;she said explaining the reasons Kosor Sanader removal from membership. Kosor is then said to have called time and lawmakers who yesterday attended a press conference Sanader all claimed that they did not know the motive and there will be scenes of all this was happening, and that they knew would not be welcome. They say they did not even know exactly where to go but that they were told they would be cited when they arrive in Zagreb. &quot;The fact that the PM is done harmful and dangerous for the party! To do this we would not know who is leading the HDZ, who runs a state! I&#39;m Sanader said, no one can go and to stay! He has to go now After six months of bloody and decisions we have made, says: Now I am back.
 Well, so can not, &quot;she said Kosor. The Prime Minister also said that all respected Sanader&#39;s decision when he said that he is leaving, but how does&quot; not agree &quot;that they will be back:&quot; After six months, and after a bloody decisions, which will cost us one day and health and everything else, he is said to be coming back. So we agreed. Definitely can not and will not lead the party and government in a way that I carry the responsibility, and someone else pulls the moves. &quot;Reasons for the return you have to ask him, and told them yesterday at the press conference. He said that we have traded territory, lead to a bad party and that the result of Andrew Hebranga the election was a disaster, &quot;said Kosor, who once said that the HDZ in the second round of presidential elections has its own candidate, reports the portal Index.hr. Vladimir sex for Nova TV said that Sanader&#39;s statement on Sunday was unfit coup. Only after the Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor publicly announced the decision of the Presidency of the HDZ and its exclusion from the party&#39;s honorary president Ivo Sanader, he accepted the decision calmly.
 &quot;I accept the decision of the Presidency of the party if it is for the benefit of the HDZ,&quot; said Monday in an interview the former prime minister and honorary president of the HDZ leader Ivo Sanader. Although he is now expelled from the party just Sanader, is not excluded that during the next day the same way to go, and even some members of the HDZ, who on Sunday stood side by side with the now former honorary president. Among the most frequently mentioned candidates for projecting the Parliament Speaker Luka Bebic, who on Monday voted against the expulsion Sanader, the HDZ. However, it was at HTV denied Vladimir Seks, who said that Bebic pointed out his opinion on what is right. On Monday morning, a day after the announcement that former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader that again akttivirati in politics, the HDZ&#39;s headquarters and met with the top of the party but without Ivo Sanader and Luka Bebic. The meeting appeared Kosor, Vladimir Seks, Milinovic, Bozidar Kalmeta and Hebrang who reiterated that he is angry with Sanader.
 &quot;I am angry at Sanader because protustatutarno not work in any organization. He was supposed to say what is in his soul, then we convened by the Presidency and say that we have to say, &quot;said Hebrang. The Statute of the HDZ is how the party after the general elections at the state level analysis conducted on the electoral success achieved HDZ and comparing it with a score of other parties, so it could be a cause for early intra-party elections. HDZ parliament is elected and dismissed by the President of the HDZ at the proposal of 400 delegates present, a deputy at the proposal of 300 delegates, mostly from all who come to vote, says new list.
 