Since it began accession negotiations in October 2005, Turkey has so far opened only 13 of the 35 accession chapters. One time, negotiations between Ankara and Brussels were also suspended because of Turkey&#39;s refusal to open its ports to Cyprus, which is an EU member. France and Germany say they do not oppose the progress of negotiations with Turkey, but added that they should link up with open with the outcome, &quot;advocating pushing for a so-called.&quot; Privileged partnership &quot;rather than full membership. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Chancellor Angela Merkel during a visit to Turkey, &quot;I believe that the EU&#39;s close relationship with the Muslim world, especially with Turkey, in the interest of us all. In what way will be to achieve, through a privileged partnership or membership, as to be more talk, &quot;often likes to point out Chancellor Angela Merkel. British Prime Minister advocates for Turkey and while German Foreign Minister Gido Vestervele, before his visit to Turkey, says that the country at least at this moment is not ready to join the EU, French President Nicolas Sarkozy is explicit: &quot;I do not think that Turkey has a place in the EU.
 On this matter my opinion has not changed. &quot;In contrast to their French and German partners, the British Prime Minister David Cameron pledged to accelerate the accession negotiations with Turkey. After talks with Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Cameron announced that he will remain the strongest advocate of Turkish accession to the EU, and that is the question that he is very concerned: Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Advocates entry of Turkey into the EU David Cameron, &quot;When I think of what Turkey has done everything for the defense of Europe, as a NATO ally, and what All seems still in Afghanistan, alongside European allies, then I was angry like this frustrate the progress of Turkey towards the EU. My opinion is clear. I do not think it&#39;s reasonable to say that Turkey can be a keeper, and not part of the community. Together I want to utremo Ankara&#39;s path to Brussels. &quot; At the same time Cameron has urged Turkey to fully solve the Cypriot conflict, to improve relations with Israel and to persuade Iran to suspend its nuclear program ...
 Author: Marina Maksimovic Re. Editor: Jasmine Rose
 