Deputy Prime Minister and Finance Minister Ivan Suker said on Saturday after talks with officials from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank in Washington, that Croatia is &quot;definitely out of the crisis&quot; and that the fourth quarter of this year will be positive. &quot;Croatia is definitely out of the crisis, have created the preconditions for this, all measures are taken. We are slower and later than many have entered into a crisis and come out later, unfortunately,&quot; the minister told Croatian reporters in Washington. The World Bank on Friday reported a return to economic growth in Eastern Europe and Central Asia (ECA), in 30 countries in the region, only four still in recession and recorded negative growth - Kyrgyzstan, Romania, Croatia and Latvia. On the question of classifying the Croatian side by side Kirigistana, Suker said that there still is a big difference. Speaking about the discussions that led to the annual meeting of IMF and World Bank, and the fact that Croatia is among the few countries that has not yet emerged from the crisis, confirmed that the Croatian this year have negative growth, but the fourth quarter will be positive, while expected next year economic growth of 1.5 or 1.6 percent, which agrees Croatian forecasts and those of international financial institutions.
 He stressed that officials IMF and World Bank in talks with the Croatian delegation expressed support for measures of economic recovery. &quot;We had a very good discussion at the World Bank, with the full support of measures for economic recovery as well as in the IMF. The World Bank will provide funding to support specific reform projects in Croatia,&quot; the minister said, adding that it was &quot;good news from Washington.&quot; On the question of whether Croatia following the world trend of encouraging exports as engines of recovery, which is one of the central themes together in Washington, Suker said that &quot;Croatia follows the trend&quot; and that the export growth rate in the first seven months of this year, which is &quot;One of the best macroeconomic indicators. Minister of Finance said that in conversations that led to Washington and opened questions deadlock with changes in the law of procedure and the proposed pension reforms, adding that &quot;in Croatia, all talking about reforms, and when to implement the reforms it all against.&quot;
 Asked about the solution to the problem of unwillingness to reform in Croatia, said that &quot;the world looks at us through if we are willing to deceive the order, where the first to submit a victim but subsequently to collect the bonuses, if reforms are implemented on time. Suker was again ruled out with Croatia requested IMF assistance to exit from the crisis, stressing that there was no discussion on stand-by arrangement with the fund. &quot;This is not an option for Croatia. Those who speak of stand-by arrangement may say publicly to all Croatian citizens that this means a reduction in wages and pensions and a host of other restrictions. We are talking about structural reforms rather than on stand-by arrangement, this is not true&quot; he said. Asked about a possible new Croatian borrowing by commercial banks, since the members of the delegation to meetings with representatives of six major banks - HSBC, Daiwa, Deutsche Bank, JP Morgan, Societe Generale and Barclays, Minister Suker responded negatively, saying that it is a regular contacts at meetings of international financial institutions.
 &quot;No, I do not know where to. Stahovito It has a lot of private bankers and bilateral talks. It would be a shame not to use it to talk to these people. Only at this level and nothing more,&quot; the minister said. Croatian minister on Saturday met with Phillipeom Le Houreouom World Bank Vice President for Eastern Europe and Central Asia, Peter Harrold, World Bank Country Director for Central Europe and Baltic countries, and with the executive director of the IMF and the Age Baker and other officials. At a rally in Washington involved a delegation of the Croatian National Bank, led by Governor Zeljko Rohatinski. (Hina)
 