Author: Slavica D. BLACK AND WHITE CITY After passing through the Brandenburg Gate, we sailed in the former West Berlin and straight to the huge Tiergarten. Green oasis located in the middle of town, close to the river Spree. Traversed a wide višetračna Street 17.juna, like many streets in the city is extremely broad, so are the strips wider than we used to see. With trails for bicycles, lawns and sidewalks, are huge areas, even in the madness you must not think this run, as with us. Memorial to Russian soldiers in the Tiergarten Tiergarten in its 20 acres of hiding many interesting things: first you see the Memorial to Russian soldiers with tanks and cannons, all the grandiose scale as the Russians were all built. This former royal hunting hides castle Bellevue, nice building that was once the headquarters of the Third Reich. In recent times there has been the seat of president.
 Amazingly, House of World Culture, the architectural wonder called the &#39;pregnant oyster&#39;, where the festivals, exhibitions, concerts ... it&#39;s right next to the Carillon, a strange device cumbersome to play, the biggest in Europe, with its 68 bells total weight of 48 tons. The cabin sits in the middle of the sexton, who plays his hands and feet on the pedals and the scepter of the instrument. His performances are only in certain situations, unfortunately we have not managed to listen to him. But the device acts weird and impressive. &#39;Pregnant oyster&#39; Siegessaule (Victory Column) Siegessaule and Carillon in Tiergarten central and most important place in the park occupies Siegessaule (Victory Column), on the square &#39;Great Star&#39;. Gold Victoria holding laurels in his right hand and left an iron cross. Column can be seen from all parts of the park and is a good landmark on the move. North of it is a monument to Bismark, ruler of the Kingdom of Prussia. All these facilities are huge, dominant, somewhat frightening.
 I watch them, photograph, and also I want to move somewhere else. Black shadows pressed me very much. Bismarck monument in the Tiergarten Bundeskanzleramt, so. &#39;washing machine&#39; castle &#39;among railway stations in the New Railway Station S_druge side of the river Spree is dominated by yet another miracle of modern architecture: A new train station. They opened in 2006. Chancellor Merkl and the Mayor, the magnificent spectacle they deserve this&#39; castle among the Train. cells&#39;. With its 5 floors and 15 m underground, huge transparent roof of almost 10 000 glass plates, glass elevators 43, 54 moving walkways, shopping center, on 3 levels, 4 tube trains, even the river divert the Tiergarten tunnel. Simply put, one of the nicest, most expensive and biggest wishes. station in the world. We toured for hours. Reichstag building on the south side, just across the river, rising up the government building, the Reichstag and the Chancellor Merkl, which is the seat of parliament (Bundestag).
 Buildings all order imposing, imbued with the power of German power. Reichstag building, with its black and white silhouette, interesting and unusual glass dome, you can climb and enjoy the view over the city. Zoo Station on the southwestern part of the Tiergarten, the late watching old buildings, the legendary &#39;Zoo Station&#39;, which is in contrast to the former life underground, normal, normal and impersonal, in a very plain black and white square. At the other end of the square is a zoo. With the largest number of animal species in the world, known for Slonovski door and a sweet panda, and also the Aquarium, was a refuge for us an entire afternoon. In all cities strive to walk the zoo, it is caused us great pleasure. In this we were very comfortable here ruled the world ticking. ZOO - Pennants elephant entrance to the zoo the zoo the eggs of all types, sizes and colors of the animal kingdom after we sailed into the main shopping street of the western part of the city, Kurfürstendamm, or affectionately Ku&#39;damm.
 Sometimes it was a path that is Joachim II rode a horse on the road from the castle and grounds. Street is what the Unter den Linden in the eastern part. Thomas Wolf called it &#39;the greatest coffee shop of Europe&#39;. For me has left such an impression of heat, its breadth and grandeur of facilities operated pretty cold. At its end, as the culmination of black and white combination, the odd-incomprehensible blend of the royal Wilhelm Memorial Church. Royal Wilhelm Memorial Church in the new church of Wilhelm I do not know how I&#39;d describe this contact remains of the old ruined church dedicated to the Emperor Wilhelm I, or rather the remains of the tower, protected and conserved to avoid accidentally dropped a stone that people on the head, and the new modernist church with her , made of two parts: the 8-low angled structures and 6-corner tower of concrete honeycomb and holes in the blue glass. Its weird looks you earned the name &#39;Jesus&#39; power&#39;.
 Stands as a monument of warning against the war and the destruction of numerous Jewish people, who mostly lived in this neighborhood. Globe Fountain Europa Europa Center in the center of a water clock in the center of Europe U_nastavku square drawn around the Globe fountain, or &#39;fountain balls&#39; as they call Berliners. Are packed with bars and restaurants around it, at the entrance to the Europa Center, grandiose shopping center with total area of over 100,000 m2 on 22 floors, where they placed a number of shops, theaters, cinemas, restaurants, hotel lobby ... and wonderful Gittonov water an hour. We, the internal decoration was far more interesting than visiting stores themselves, here are the beautiful walks can spend a few hours. The Centre is widely known for its rotating sign of Mercedes-Benz on the roof of a skyscraper. KaDeWe shopping mall just a bit further down the street, another huge shopping center KaDeWe, the most famous and best-equipped in Berlin and one of the largest in the world.
 I would say that this gallery of art, not a set of shops. The capital of Germany before the ICC, a beehive of about 3.5 million people, is actually the greenest city in the state. Lots of parks, forests, lakes, rivers ... At the western end is another green space, Grunewald forest. On its north is a hill Teufelsberg, so. &#39;Devil&#39;s hill&#39;. It is a manmade hill, they made it allies almost 20 years after 2.svj.rata, and tons and tons of debris removed buildings. Eventually the sprinkled earth sprouted plants, parks, built buildings, convention complexes (most ICC), created a small ski-center ... The hill is Funkturm (&#39;tall skinny boy&#39;), a tower that belonged to the western side of town, today protected monument. I thought: what would happen if someone Teufelsberg peek into the womb? It would be a unique discovery. Perhaps one day be interesting to archaeologists ... ICC (Congres Center) and the tower Funkturm the &#39;Devil&#39;s Hill&#39; What do you say when you arrive at the Potsdamer Platz? A former dead zone along the wall, almost unusable due to the sandy soil and underground water, after a tenacious 10-year construction when he was Europe&#39;s biggest construction site, turned into a futuristic world.
 Skyscrapers literally tear at the sky, the glass dome covering them in the bat style squares and streets are visually linked to the complex of 70,000 m2. This is the liveliest outdoor shopping center in the world. Menu is still most liked shop with Lego bricks and a huge giraffe made out of them. Castle Charlottenburg Charlottenburg ruler lego-Merkelica giraffe as a model for advertising enchanted, perplexed, raspamećeni ... I do not know what I&#39;d call my feeling after visiting all of this. Again I thought it imposed wording in black and white city, a city of great contrasts, a city that aspires to be a megalopolis, to overcome their views of the colossus is still visible traces of the former painful and ugly past. symbol of a unified Berlin and the past has accompanied me like a shadow all the boulevards and architectural wonders, a shadow that will never go away or allow to forget all that ugly. People can build even bigger and richer structures, but the shadow remains indelible.
 However, everyone would say: yes, Berlin is very nice, definitely worth visiting. Surely you will not be bored, the center is a world famous musical events, film festivals, there are many facilities for even the most ... you&#39;ll enjoy. sculptures everywhere Berlin is a city building-serpent sculpture, winner of architecture. Awards entry into trade
 