In the list of games that explore the German judicial authorities there are 15 soccer match in Croatia. According to information available to Deutsche Welle, the list of suspected match is indeed the National Cup finals, where they were in May 2009. met Dinamo Zagreb and Hajduk Split. This is the information from the documents of the State Attorney&#39;s Office from Bochum, who for almost a year investigating the scandal. The Croatian media has in recent weeks was that the meeting spekulirano Dinamo Hajduk been furnished, that a senior official of the club from Zagreb (the duration of the investigation into Deutsche Welle as the German media not to publish their full identity), together with the judge &quot;set up&quot; Dinamo win. This confirms the findings of German investigative authorities. The manipulation has involved three other persons (members of the so-called. &quot;Betting mafia&quot;), which is currently in custody.
 They are Anthony W. and Mary C., two Croats born in Germany and Slovenia Dragan M. German investigators came to the information that they bet on the outcome of the match Dinamo-Hajduk, and in European and Asian bookmakers have invested a large sum of money. Bildunterschrift: Stadion Hajduk long list of investigative bodies listed on the State Attorney&#39;s Office in Bochum is not only the Croatian Cup finals. After examining the documents, investigators from the list we discovered, inter alia and as many as eight first league encounter NK Zadar, suspected that their final outcomes were furnished or attempted to be set. For example matches Hajduk Split Zadar and from April 2009. Zadar was then defeated a score 0:3. Investigation of the State Attorney&#39;s Office from Bochum has shown that the Zadar prvoligaš lost, it is said, &quot;How was I agreed.&quot; Suspect Anthony W. and Mary C. bet they are on that game. The setup, as can be inferred from documents bohumskih investigators, were clearly involved a high-ranking football officials and several players Zadar.
 It is significant that one of them was the main backbone and leader in the field Dalmatian Club. According to the information provided, it is this player and other clubs contacted, and agreed in advance results of games reported members of the betting mafia. However, not all games that attempted to manipulate and truly ended the desired result. Thus, the State Attorney&#39;s office in Bochum learned that on the eve of the match between Zadar and CROATIJA from Sesvete (1:1), played in May 2009., Several players from the club Zadar betting mafia demanded payment of 50,000 euros - but their request was not fulfilled. Bildunterschrift: The manipulation allegedly involved players, referees, club officials ... According to the plan is not flowing or &quot;combination&quot; in which he was involved matches NK Zagreb and Zadar (3:1) in May 2009. According to findings of investigators from Bochum defeat Zadar was really agreed upon, but this game is to bet combined with another meeting, which is not finished, &quot;expected&quot; result.
 Thus, bettors lose money invested in a combination of two meetings. List of suspicious matches from BiH in neighboring Bosnia and Herzegovina, the State Attorney&#39;s Office from Bochum explores eight games. According to information available to Deutsche Welle, illegal agreement about the final results achieved, for example, the first meeting Matches between NK Travnik and FK Sarajevo (3:0) in August 2009. It is suspected that the two high-ranking club officials and several players involved in the manipulation of Travnik. The list of German authorities, there is a match between Travnik and Mostar&#39;s Zrinjski (3:3), also from August 2009. year. The organization setup by the current knowledge in this case the two were involved (already mentioned) club leaders and several players Travnik. To the best knowledge of the State Attorney&#39;s Office from Bochum was allegedly bribed the referee and the match. Travnik was supposed to win. In both cases, as the main suspects in the alleged manipulation of the organization privedenog Ante Huh.
 Bildunterschrift: &quot;smells&quot; and the League of Bosnia and Herzegovina? In the photo, the fans after the team qualifiers against Estonia played 2009th On the next page Namještaljka in the euro-cups? It is suspected that they were not furnished, just match the Bosnian-Herzegovinian league. The State Attorney&#39;s Office is conducting an investigation from Bochum, and about a few games in the qualifiers for the European League (formerly the UEFA Cup) in which they participated in last season teams from BiH.
 