21.11.2010. / 13:25 By: Hina Benedict XVI said: &quot;Pius XII. has saved more Jews than anyone &quot;Some leaders of the Jewish community accuse Pius XII. it has never publicly defended the Jews in WWII and was silent when in 1943. from the Roman ghetto, just a few hundred meters from the Vatican, deported more than a thousand Jews, Pope Pius XII. was &quot;one of the great righteous man who saved more Jews than anyone,&quot; said Benedict XVI in his book talks &quot;Light of the world&quot; which was released Tuesday. &quot;He did everything he could to save people,&quot; said Pope, the German original, which has a copy of Agence France Presse. Benedict XVI also mentioned the fact that Msgr. Pacel 1938th sent a letter to all bishops in the world, urging them to help in issuing visas to all Jews wishing to leave Germany. &quot;Of course, we always ask: &#39;Why did not more vigorously protested? I think he saw what the consequences could have a public protest, &quot;said the Bishop of Rome.
 &quot;We know that in itself really suffered. He knew that he must speak, but his circumstances are not allowed to,&quot; says the Pope in the book. On 19 December 2009. Benedict XVI signed a decree on the heroic virtues of Pius XII. and declared it &quot;worthy of veneration,&quot; which is the last stage before beatification, sparking numerous protests from Jewish communities around the world. This decision is based on the study of &quot;Christian living person and not on an impact assessment of its operational decisions in the course of history,&quot; he said then, Msgr. Federico Lombardi, Vatican spokesman. Some leaders of the Jewish community accuse Pius XII. it has never publicly defended the Jews in WWII and was silent when in 1943. from the Roman ghetto, just a few hundred meters from the Vatican, deported more than a thousand Jews. The Catholic Church has always insisted that Pius XII., Pope since 1939. until 1958. participated in the rescue of Jews, helping them to hide in religious institutions, and that was silent so they would not impede the position.
 