The cooling of relations between the Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor and president Ivo Josipovic reaches its peak. Cooperation between them has started a pretty idyllic, a common oath into a European future and just Croatia. However, it sharpened the disputes about Josipovic apologies for the wrong Croatian policy towards Bosnia, which is produced ahmićke and other innocent victims, and continued mobilization of Kosoričinom HDZ&#39;s former prime minister and the conclusion that the statements Josipović visit to Bosnia without an agreement with the government violated their constitutional powers . The farthest left HDZ hawk Hebrang saying that the new Croatian president, even a few months since the start of term, but ripe for repeal. Josipović on Saturday, in an interview with internet portal &quot;Seebiz&quot; fiercely retorted. &quot;If the prime minister believes that the last statement I have violated the Constitution, then let in accordance with the procedure carried out the review responsibilities of the President.
 But if it turns out that I have not violated the Constitution - then I ask the Prime Minister to resign, &quot;- said the president at University of. He added that it would be natural that the government, not him, encourage reconciliation.&quot; She could go to the Prime Minister and Ahmici and Krizancevo village, but did not. He could do it and Vladimir Seks, or some of the former prime minister who offended came running in the Cabinet building to be horrified over the words of reconciliation, but did not. Why did they not do so in a society of Catholic and Muslim religious leaders? To do this simply did not have the courage and strength. So why invent that violate the Constitution, not to condemn Milosevic, and to put the blame ... - A point is infinitely simple: just a little honesty and good will to recognize that error, and even evil , not only in others. And this does not mean equal blame for the war, nor diminish the importance of the war, &quot;said Josipovic adding that it will never change the main message of his speech BiH.
 On Josipovic recommendation to itself resign, if he proves unconstitutionality of his statements, Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor denied that he ever thought of starting the procedure for revocation of the President. &quot;I never thought about his resignation and I do not know where he got that idea. I suggest the president to stop sending messages through the media and to sit at the table - on Saturday said the prime minister over spokeswoman Martine Banic. She said that she would dare to resign nor is it the president can enforce. President and Prime Minister will be their mutual disagreements and resolve or continue in the same tone on Sunday, is scheduled for when their joint visit to the memorial area of Jasenovac. Krile D.
 