Perforations - a week of performing arts are only the second time appearing in the local area, already overcrowded, and festivals, but I hope that a clearly defined goal of gathering and support the so-called. independent cultural scene justifies our contribution to the festival crowd schedules. Even more so Perforations are imposed as the only initiative that has decided to consolidate the existing rasitnjenu scattered energy from the Croatian and neighboring countries, largely concentrated on the mere existence of the sealed labyrinths system and direct it towards greater visibility and creating a common platform that has no intention of closing the door a different ideas, innovations, efforts, experiments, regardless of the younger ones coming names, or those present for a long time. This idea resulted in abundant program with more than 25 plays and performances, which extends to the ten day festival in three cities, Rijeka, Zagreb and Dubrovnik. Equal and consecutive maintenance programs outside Zagreb, in cooperation with organizations in the Second Sea Rijeka and art workshops Lazareti in Dubrovnik, is required to contribute to the decentralization of culture, within the possibilities of this festival, which this organization jointly sign.
 Most projects are linked with perforations and a co-production, which is especially important because the role of this festival is that, within its capabilities to be creative production in initiating new projects and has the ability to support projects that are planned to be realized. This role is especially important for Perforation of the projects of younger artists. Josip Horvat so in your project Green tour brings together some interesting young performers and performer of Croatian and Bosnia-Herzegovina, whose intervention in public space in various locations to create an oasis of engaged art, offering the intentional and accidental visitors a different perspective of linking to a particular city location. Public space as a place of performance will take in Dubrovnik and Nora Krstulović as an author within the collective SKROZ, an interest in pushing for structural zadatosti for their performance and overcome the risk of performance - for artists, writers and viewers, ostavaljajući many things open, except, perhaps, wishes for performance.
 Tom is a series of artists whose projects have to be this year&#39;s wide open spaces and adds Uzunovski Nikola from Macedonia, which will construct an artificial sun, which will be grounded, but will hover in front of the Museum of Contemporary Art in Zagreb. Something more mature generation, Vlasta Delimar and Milan Christmas on the main square in Zagreb to export performance in memory of Tom Gotovca, Zeljko Zorica be in the same place to set up an attractive installation, with which many will be safe have a good time, which is just one out of four of his project in perforation. I would especially focused attention on his work Mass for James Lee, who in a famous author&#39;s manner of using documentary methods of constructing a new narrative and atmospheric feedbacks. The above work will be seen during one of the most festival nights - nights of performance, you will be in one place be seven performances, among others, and Siniša Labrović, Slaven Tolj, Oliver and Philip Josifovskog Jovanovskog.
 Antonia and James Kuzmanić Labrović Room 100 of the group will present their work in progress, which have already aroused great interest in Croatia and Europe. As another example of a very interesting artist and should please young Igor Josifova from Macedonia, who recently collaborated with Marina Abramovic at its New York retrospective, which will be in Zagreb, in the form of performance art and installation, review the different mental states through which the artist goes in your work. Perforations are celebrating the twenty-year Montažstroj and a new prime minister BADco. in their tenth year of existence. DBIndoš and Tanja Vrvilo in his new play are reminiscent of a tragic literary revolutionary outburst, and Shadow Casters in partnership with the Atelier 212 in Belgrade continue his trilogy of the Revolution: Master class, urging the audience to refrain from their usual positions and begin to actively engage in issues that shape everyday life.
 Revolutions and social change and deals with Sanja Mitrovic, recently for his performances which he performed at Perforations awarded the prize for the best upcoming directors and performers in the Netherlands. Senka Bulić, on the other hand, experiencing the creative fire of revolution in the theater, which was under her leadership has become entrenched in Velika Gorica, which bears the traces of the tragedy and farce, just like her play Evita, caused by extreme Copijevom text. I take this opportunity to announce a special program units called Imagine 2020, related to the connection of art production and issue of climate change, and that we will systematically develop this year, opening it further possibilities of cooperation with domestic and international organizations, which are not closely related to the performing arts . Imagine 2020 is actually a network of a dozen institutions and organizations from Europe, where, with such Kaaitheater from Brussels, London LIFT, Domaine d&#39;0 from Montpellier, belonging and perforation, which will encourage international co-production of innovative and artistic approach to thinking about climate change as one of the most important issue in contemporary society.
 This issue has largely imposed by the artists themselves, because it requires different approaches to touring, as well as theaters and other arts institutions, since they are due to the use of alternative energy sources to encourage architectural and other adaptations. Domestic institutions in the culture are still far from identifying and solving these problems, because some barely have to pay for electricity, let alone even think about reaching to his own energy and products. But it&#39;s not just a matter of unfortunate circumstances, but also a conscious decision nepercipiranja sustainable functioning as a real choice. The roof of the Museum&#39;s example makes it ideal for a variety of solar panels, but we could probably thought since the time of construction, it is up to anyone of these trends in the culture of care. I believe that the art projects that will be over the years co-produced within the perforation to make the idea of connecting art with the theme of climate change, less foreign.
 Already this year, a substantial part of the program associated with this new theme segment, with some already mentioned and Niko Butorac, Marija Golub, Goran Ristic Lejla Muhić, Ana Kincic and Luka Dragic. During the perforation will host the content extremely valuable symposium on cultural management for more than 200 participants from the Croatian region which will lead to Michael M. Kaiser and David Kitto of the Center for the Performing Arts John F. Kennedy in Washington, one of the largest arts organization in the U.S. . The aim is to educate Congress and strengthen the capacity of employees in a culture not we successfully overcome the growing organizational and financial challenges we face. I invite you on behalf of author teams in the team at this year&#39;s festival Perforations, Zvonimir Dobrović program manager ----------------&gt; Perforations - week of live art is taking place only the second time with a clearly defined aim of supporting the local and regional so called independent cultural production.
 This makes this festival in a unique way, as we have chosen to empower local and regional artists, Whose energies have been fragmented and scattered in constant search of exits from the labyrinths set by the System in Which we all try to function. The festival will never close its doors to different ideas, innovations, new initiatives and experiments, whether they origin from younger or already well known and established artists. The program amassed over 25 shows, spanning three cities, Rijeka, Zagreb and Dubrovnik, over ten days. Holding the program consecutively in different cities, we are contributing to the needed decentralization of culture in Croatia, within the frame of possibilities of this festival Which is in all those cities supported by several arts organizations. Most of the projects of Perforations are co-productions, Which is especially important because the role of this festival is to be as creative as possible in initiating new projects and to give the possibility of support for planned projects to be realized.
 Perforations of this aspect is particularly important for the projects of young artists. To name a few, Josip Horvat interesting works with young performers from Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina project in his Green Tour, Whose intervention in public space in various locations will create an oasis of engaged art, offering the intentional and accidental visitors a different perspective of specific urban sites. Public space as a place of performance will also be used in Dubrovnik, by Nora Krstulović, an artist from the collective SKROZ, Which is interested in the structural requirements of a performance and in overcoming the risks of performing - for performers and artists as well as spectators. Among the group of artists Whose work requires wide open areas is Uzunovski Nikola from Macedonia, who will construct an artificial Which Sun will shine during several days in Zagreb during the Festival.
 A little bit older generation of artists, Vlasta Delimar and Milan Bozic will perform their homage to Tom Gotovac on the main square in Zagreb, Which is also the place of Zeljko Zorica&#39;s attractive and funny installation, one of his four projects in our program this year . I would like to point out also his performance / installation Mass for James Lee, in Which He uses his traditional methods of documentation and research to construct a new narrative and an atmospheric social commentary. That performance is part of one of the most interesting evenings Festival - The Night of Performances, Which will turn an old abandoned building in the center of Zagreb into an explosion of artistic voices with seven different performances. Antonia and James Kuzmanić Labrović from the Room 100 will present their work in progress, Which already generated a lot of interest for them in Croatia and around Europe.
 A similar example of an intresting performer is Josifov Igor from Macedonia, who has recently collaborated with Marina Abramovic on her latest retrospective in MoMA in New York. I use this opportunity to announce a special program section entitled Imagine 2020 dedicated to connecting artistic production to the issue of climate change. Imagine 2020 is actually a network of a dozen institutions and organizations from around Europe, to which, along with Kaaitheater from Brussels, London LIFT, Domaine d&#39;O from Montpellier also belong Perforations Festival. The aim of the network is to encourage international co-productions of artistic and innovative approaches to climate change as one of the most important topics in contemporary society. Already this year a substantial part of the program is connected to this new programming segment, with some artists mentioned and Niko Butorac, Marija Golub, Goran Ristic Lejla Muhić, Ana Kincic and Luka Dragic.
 Perforations will co-host an extremely valuable Arts Management Symposium for more than 200 participants from Croatia and the region. The Symposium will be led by Michael M. Kaiser and David Kitto from John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts from Washington, DC. On behalf of the artists and the festival team, I hope you will enjoy Perforations Festival this year, Zvonimir Dobrović Program Director
 