Photo: Police on the premises of the Istrian Istrian Police Department today, 2 July 2010. year at 10.00 a press conference at which the Chief of Police Administration Istrian Mr.Mladen Blašković and his associates presented the police officers of the Republic of Austria and the Federal Republic of Germany, who will be in the framework of international police co-operation during the tourist season 2010. perform police duties in the Police Department of Istria. He then reported that based on the signed Memorandum of Understanding and Cooperation between the Police Directorate of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic and the Croatian public security directorate of the Federal Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Austria and the Federal Police Headquarters of the Federal Republic of Germany, during the tourist season 2010. The police station Pula of 1 July 3rd September, the Austrian police assigned two officers, while at the police station on 1 Porec
 July to 30 August would be deployed by two German police officers. Mentioning the importance of this project for the Croatian police and the tourism reputation of our country as a whole Mladen Blašković, among others, said: &quot;The primary goals of Croatian tourism in the tourism year 2010. are achieving higher tourist traffic and reduce the shadow economy and illegal work, and improving and stabilizing the position of the Croatian international market as a safe, attractive, friendly, environmentally conscious tourist country with a recognizable tourist product, with a further affirmation of the national brand. I am convinced that the experience of Austrian and German colleagues who are staying in Croatia is positive and that the interest among your police officers to come to Croatia as part of this project will be bigger. &quot;Austrian and German police officers will carry out joint service with police officers Police Department Istria, in accordance with the orders of competent managers in the police stations which are arranged, dressed in their official uniforms, no weapons.
 The task of the Austrian and German police officers is to assist the Croatian police in carrying out its tasks, particularly in relation to improving communication and cooperation with the Austrian and German tourists, and in the prevention of crime and improve traffic safety. Austrian police officers - Mrs. Martin Grabovac Provincial Police Headquarters Vienna - Mr. Johann Marlovits Police Provincial Command of Burgenland German police officers - Ms. Stefanie Georgi Bundespolizei - Mrs. Michael Puskaric Bundespolizei
 