Competition Winners uèenièkog &quot;I&#39;m writing you a story&quot; are: 1 location: P211: I&#39;m looking forward to the author: Dominic Sinko, 6 grade elementary school Slavko Kolar, Hercegovac second location: P102: I&#39;m writing you a story, Author: John Kelemen, 5a, PS Gustav Krklec Maruševec third location: P22: I&#39;m writing you a story, Author: Stela Pejanoviæ, 4b, PS Vladimir Nazor Pribislavec 4th location: P51: Crazy School, Author: Karl Taradi, 5b, PS Mala Subotica 5th location: Q25: What if each new generation like to author: Meggie stent, 5a, PS Vladimir Nazora Rovinj 6th location: P294: Surprise, author: Mateo Furmek, 8d, PS Èazma Congratulations to all winners, but all participants in an interesting and creative tales! :-) Voting ended for the students &#39;work on Sunday, 18.5.2008., Closed the voting for the students&#39; works in competition, &quot;I&#39;m writing you a story.&quot; We thank all the voters! :-) Voice Processing is underway and the winners will be announced on Tuesday, 20.5.2008.
 Online voting begins for the students&#39; papers for all disciples of primary and secondary schools who participated in the birthday event portal for school &quot;I&#39;m writing you a story&quot;, as well as their teachers and parents, we appreciate your work and also sent to announce the online voting begins today. His work has sent more than 300 disciples from different parts of the Croatian and various age groups. Very pleased with such a large turnout, and to you now that in the next fortnight, choose the best. Selection of the best work begins Wednesday 7th May and lasts until Sunday, 18 May 2008. year. Each work is indicated code, and you can access them on / students / publications / write-store. CARNet is the best authors have prepared a rich prize: the winner will be awarded a digital camera, DVD, while the runners-up will win a digital camera disciple. A third prize is an iPod Shuffle, and it should be noted that all participants will tender this time, regardless of their placement, as a gift get a gift surprises CARNet portal for schools.
 Special awards for the fourth, fifth and sixth place will be awarded our sponsor Iskon Internet dd as follows: ® we want you to comfortably read the text and invite you to their voices once again reward the most creative and most imaginative works! ORIGINAL wrapping ... ... ... EQUAL THEMATIC COPYRIGHT ... ... ... LEGENDARNI Competition Portal for school! On the occasion of birthday of the first portal for the school, organize a prize competition &#39;I&#39;m writing you a story&#39; which is for all disciples of Croatian primary and secondary schools. To participate is enough to have a pen or a computer and write a story based on original and amusing illustrations that we offer here. The order in which employers you will you learn and illustrations based on them write a story is not important, but it is essential that: All Read the complete contest rules here. All stories submitted by 15 April 2008. The addresses of the Editorial Portal for Schools Joseph Marohniæa 5 10000 Zagreb will be posted to our site where visitors will be able to Portal in May to choose the best.
 When sending paper and write the following information: name, grade, school, kuæna addresses and e-mail address (if any). Be original, creative and fast and win valuable prizes on the occasion of the first birthday portal for school! Ready, Set ... now!.
 Competition Rules: All authors should write the article and your details: name, grade, school, kuæna addresses and e-mail address (if any). Works that will not obey these rules will be disqualified from further competition without any special explanation of ¾. top.
 Illustrations (click on each illustration opens the picture in greater format) top
 