By Wednesday at 15 pm local time or 10 am local time, the Chilean mining San Jose in the north of the Atacama Desert to the surface is drawn 12 of 33 miners buried. Operation Rescue miners buried in the Chilean mining gold and copper began around 23:15 pm local time to delay because they damaged the door during rehearsals for this opportunity to specially designed steel capsules. Fortunately, this is less damage, so the window down a technical expert Manuel Gonzalez. About an hour after midnight local time on the surface came first miner, Florencio Avalos, who was greeted by relatives, and then Chilean president Sebastian Pinera. An hour later he came to the surface of Mario Sepulveda, who, according to media reports, in great physical and mental condition, and during the rescue and joked about taking the rescuer, a souvenir from the mine a few stones.
 After the first two miners have been drawn, Juan Carlos Illanes and Bolivian Maman, who will visit the announcements today, and Bolivian President Evo Morales. The fifth is drawn to the surface of the youngest miner, 19-year-old Jimmy Sanchez. Miners soon after leaving the area taken doctor, and after that they again found themselves with their families. When coming to the surface miners were dressed in special suits that follow their heart pressure, respiration, temperature and oxygen utilization. Suits are warm, because the mine is about 30 degrees and the surface frost. Miners at the exit to the surface and wear dark glasses, given that two months living in darkness. Chilean President Sebastian Pinera rescue miners declared a miracle, and he added that a similar event in history has been. He thanked the technical experts who provide rescue and recalled the earthquake in February with the conclusion that Chile, when all together, prepared a great thing.
 The miners in the mine of gold and copper working at a depth of 700 meters, and the ceiling collapsed 5th August. Seventeen days with them could not be contacted, so they hope to survive were all weaker. Therefore, the joy was indescribable when it was learned that they were alive. He immediately began rescue operations, and miners in the mine provided food, drink and drugs, making it possible to stay in a mental state. They began to punch three holes. At first it was estimated that the rescue operation could last for three months, but by Saturday was punctured first opening to the hall with miners and the operation is significantly shortened.
 