-As you can see, the heart of the failure of these banks have not yet found any Austrian or German investigators, but to us, but someone linked to the HDZ. The intention is to slander against the HDZ and extend into the nineties! The suspects listed in the media are not members of our party, but it&#39;s great directors do not mind, they are constantly looking to create that impression. HDZ nineties was the main organizer of the defense, including the purchase of arms under the embargo, and then purchased without weapons there would be a magnificent victory over the Greater Croatian Army and Yugoslav aggression. In the illegal arming of individuals, not party, abused his position and it is a big difference. Assure that these individuals because of them I personally 1998th resigned as defense minister because I wanted them to clear up! Even then, immediately after the war! All the suspects were long excluded from the HDZ, and we give full support to the competent authorities to complete the investigation.
 The strongest Croatian company, INA today there is a Croatian company in a serious sense of the word. At one time you like Deputy Prime Minister responsible for economy and were responsible for the INA, does not it? What is your view on this current situation? And how are they to hold the CEO, which is expected many responses? If someone suspects, including Polancec did something illegal, let&#39;s defend the truth. And the truth is that we did not know of a crime because they do not see any reason that someone reveals their illegal acts? -Unfortunately, Racan&#39;s government has sold a strategic stake in INA, the right to veto decisions made by the new co-owners. Today some are trying to put downward INA attributed to the HDZ. The truth is as follows. During the period in which the head of the INA board was Tomislav Dragicevic Ina&#39;s not enough invested in the production, then the refinery, the new wells, but generally develop trade, and are ignored and some subsidiaries are operating perfectly.
 When I 2003rd became deputy prime minister for the economy and saw the poor performance of the INA, I sought the dismissal Dragicevic. Sanader is not approved, saying that it protects the President! Why not ask the duo about the destitution of the INA? Finally, for those credits Dragicevic has received 6.8 million kuna severance, of which 200,000 kuna withheld for taxes due, write to the media, and he did not deny, fictitious residence in a spot where the lower taxes of Zagreb blanks? The duo is from the HDZ, and they are not touching, and accused the HDZ, in which the term Ina on its feet and returned to the state tax debt? Polancec publicly said the HDZ leadership that you have betrayed him and that you are &quot;everyone knew everything.&quot; I do not know up from such accusations, you all know everything? For medium Fimi first time in my life I learned reading in the newspaper that the investigation of her began to be appalled if they are undoubtedly true. Mr. Barisic I know, but I&#39;ve never heard that he has some money.
 I repeat, we believe the annual status report to the State treasury and audit. Parallel system, if it existed, was the privilege of a selected few. -If someone is suspected, even Polancec did something illegal, let&#39;s defend the truth. And the truth is that we did not know of a crime because they do not see any reason that someone reveals their illegal acts? Such practices do not have the last amateurs! The lie that we all all know is hiding a dangerous politicization of the investigation. You see, before the Club members a year and a half ago I was deputy prime minister for the economy and for this period has no scandals, no public businesses or in the Privatisation Fund! No one is accusing him until proven guilty, but it should apply not only to individuals but also for the whole party. At the party they were brought up only general policy decisions on major issues, but never any talk about the operational details of implementation because it is not a task the party leadership.
 Because the suspects in the defense need to tell the truth and nothing but the truth and reveal the names of those who were persuaded or unlawful acts. Are you saying that you are not &quot;all know all&quot;? Excellent, have you ever wondered where the party coffers enters so much money? Specifically, the new charges say they are not kral for personal use, but that kral that the HDZ won the elections. Now it was arrested and treasurer of the party! -There is talk about a party cash on hand, all cash flows are recorded and passed the state audit. If there was a parallel system of illegal flows of money, the perpetrators should be named. You do not think we showed cash, of course, if it is proved that it was? Whenever the Presidency of the party talked about finances, it was the only legitimate income. Sources are well known - the state budget according to law, tracked donations and membership fees. I know that I pay 550 kuna per month membership fee as a party official and I am certainly interested to know what to spend my money.
 About a suspected source was never discussed. If there was, apparently there was only some of which will be named. But before the evidence I do not believe it. Lack of money was constant, you have seen this in the last presidential election when the party&#39;s nominee as I found an empty treasury and led najskromniju campaign. For the parliamentary campaign 2003rd years, even though I was the holder of list II. constituency, I was driving in his campaign car and pay the driver whenever I could not ride alone. The campaign 2007th I was also the most visited stand your car. Sanader has escaped without explanation, he attempted a coup in the party and the impact on the presidential campaign. In all three cases, worked against the HDZ, and where did you get the idea now that his eventual sins and the sins of both the HDZ? We parted long ago, are not responsible for errors on the other hand. Why did no one ever asked anything, it&#39;s not an issue for me, but for those who conduct the investigation.
 Have you never heard of FIMI media? Did not you know the possible shady dealings who was arrested recently the party&#39;s treasurer? For medium-FIMI first time in my life I learned reading in the newspaper that the investigation of her began to be appalled if they doubt true. Mr. Barisic I know, but I&#39;ve never heard that he has some money. I repeat, we believe the annual status report to the State treasury and audit. Parallel system, if it existed, was the privilege of a selected few. Now we talk about some payments of private accounts, the life of the high life, party cars for one&#39;s family members ... For me and colleagues from the party and look for evidence of serious charges and a full disclosure of names! I can not believe that someone has exploited the party for personal gain, the party for whom many went when it should create and defend the country, many have paid the head! If the stories about these thefts is true, then it is more than just crime, it is a betrayal of the ideals on which we build the foundation of our party and our country! Good, but is it normal that a former party president Ivo Sanader simply disappear! How the government and the country! No one asks him anything! Today, the charges do not go to him, but the entire top of the HDZ.
 Where is the truth? PM-escaped without explanation, attempted coup in the party and the impact on the presidential campaign. In all three cases, worked against the HDZ, and where did you get the idea now that his eventual sins and the sins of both the HDZ? We parted long ago, are not responsible for errors on the other hand. Why did no one ever asked anything, it&#39;s not an issue for me, but for those who conduct the investigation. Sanader has obviously done its homework and for the left, especially presidential elections, and it even they too are without prejudice. But the view that everyone is innocent until he is proven otherwise. The measures presented SDP package are visible without the desire times to be achieved. This is pure election pamphlet! For me, no plan that I want to say 80 000 jobs, but how to achieve them. No progress has been evident since the 2000 elections. the promised 200,000 jobs! The media created the impression that the HDZ is compromised to the extent that it would be fair to the human call early elections, just to not lose a year.
 For example, you failed to implement reforms, while the SDP has already released its precise economic measures. -What are the HDZ completely compromised? The Left, led by the SDP and its columnists, colors, and open fighting because it will affect their ranks, and therefore are now trying to turn the truth upside down. True, it is unusual to stretch their affair, and remove doubt. Remember to remove doubts from the Mayor of Koprivnica, Velika Gorica and, limitation of crime in Rijeka markets, strange delay in publishing the names of corrupt affair Daimler-Benz ... but I&#39;m sure will start a broom sweep all the same. The same goes for privatization. Cacic destroys business in Kukljici, and with it the whole island, and lies that the municipality has not made a spatial plan! Not while there was power in HNS, as soon as we defeat them 2007th year, a new head complete plan, but he still does not invest or employ hundreds of dismissed workers.
 The left media are silent about it! So the compromise. But the SDP has really came out with a precise economic measures ... -As regards the economy, it&#39;s worth telling the truth. The measures of our government give the results and Croatia out of the crisis. Our crisis has affected a year later than most countries, for so long and last. A series of measures the Government of Prime Minister Kosor, from those related to relieving the burden on the economy parafiskalnog over budget austerity measures and new investments, promising economic growth next year. Exports this year rose 14%, it is not accidental. The measures presented SDP package are visible without the desire times to be achieved. This is pure election pamphlet! For me, no plan that I want to say 80 000 jobs, but how to achieve them. No progress has been evident since the 2000 elections. the promised 200,000 jobs! Authority in 2003. was left with the unemployment rate 18.9 percent, was not a global crisis.
 Today in the crisis rate is lower at 2010th The 18 percent! In the meantime, the average salary is in our mandate increased from their 4000 kuna 2003rd at 5300 kuna, and pensions were increased from 1322 to 2360 kuna kuna! Now they once again express the wish, type &quot;GDP will increase by five percent,&quot; but do not say! It was as if I&#39;ll make a plan to jump an inch higher than Blanka Vlasic, although, admittedly, I have no plan how to achieve it. EVENING LIST
 