GOST KOLUMINIST ZORAN Blade: What could be happening in the upcoming parliamentary elections? Photo: independentpoliticalreport.com Despite the economic crisis, a number of scandals and a general erosion of trust in politics and politicians, opinion polls in Croatia show a remarkable consistency in orientation of voters. (1) With minor variations, nothing significant has changed since the elections for Parliament 2007th year: the two parties (HDZ and SDP) receive about 30 percent, four (HNS, HSS, HSP, HSU), about five percent, and IDS and HDSSB hold its regional position in Istria and Slavonia. Of these eight parties, six were included in one of the two blocks. &quot;In the upcoming election and polarized tight battle as 2007.&quot; We can expect in the upcoming elections for Parliament to be a close battle, and polarized, as in 2007 .. Is there room for a &quot;third bloc&quot;? (2) or more of them? Is there room for some new force that could disrupt the established game partitokracije (party leaders who are well known)? There are several groups that have expressed such an ambition, or is expected to be expressed.
 In this article I will discuss the general reasons in favor of creating the blocks, caused by our electoral system. The following articles will pass on more specific analysis. Joining in the block, which occurs from a list (3), is potentially very useful in our electoral system, with respect to its features: the ten constituencies (excluding minority citizens who have residence in Croatia); relativmo mandate as a small number who are shared in each unit (14); high formal and actual threshold; D&#39;Hontov distribution system; lack of corrective national lists, which is common in countries with proportional representation system with multiple constituencies. In fact, held for ten independent choices: in each unit specifically to fight the mandate. &quot;Surplus&quot; votes in a constituency can not compensate for a deficit in the second. The system favors the strong party / coalition, which will usually get a much higher percentage of seats than votes.
 Therefore, the basic form of the coalition, which is often successfully used, shared a list of the dominant party and one or more smaller ones, which themselves could not cross the threshold. When the rate exceeds a threshold, each additional vote could mean longer term, there is a ten constituencies, it is very likely that at least somewhere to happen. &quot;HSS and HSLS have shown that the association pays.&quot; The term &quot;third bloc&quot; means the joint appearance of parties or non-party actors, that are approximately equal forces and a joint performance by trying to increase the total number of seats won. The formal threshold, that list came to account for the division&#39;s mandate, was 5.00% in each constituency. However, as each unit is divided into only 14 seats, it may happen that the list gets above five percent, and they do not win a mandate. (4) Mathematically, the list definitely gets a mandate if he gets one petnaestinu votes, ie 6.67%. If the list is in the zone between 5.00 and 6.67, will get a mandate depends on the schedule of other voices.
 The lists, which are centered in the zone or just above, up to ten percent, almost certainly will win a smaller percentage of seats than votes. Small increase in the number of votes can make a multiple increase in the number of mandates. This problem is not the list, which is competing in only one or two electoral unit, which have a strong concentration of votes. In elections in 2007. Mr IDS won, in total, 1.86% and 1.60% HDSSB vote, they passed the three terms, ie 2.1%. The third time the elections in 2007. Mr, HSU has won a total of 4.2% of the vote, and HSP 3.5%. It brought them only jedam term, ie 0.7%, and it could happen to stay without it. The party or coalition, which moves in the zone, in mourning the situation that despite the respectable number of votes overall color to preserve the status of the parliamentary party, who carries a huge formal and informal benefits. (5) HSU has even increased the total number of votes in relation to 2003rd
 year, but decreased with the three terms on the one. Here is the Party of Pensioners (SU) made a successful &quot;diversion&quot; against HSU: total in the country received 0.9% and was far from winning seats, but in some constituencies took the crucial vote. That was the only one retired list, with a total of 5.1% of the vote would have gained five seats. On the other hand, the HNS with 7.1% of the vote won seven mandates that 5%, a coalition of HSS / HSLS from 6.8% of the vote eight seats, ie 5.7%. There are still underrepresented, but considerably less. (6) ratio in the voices of less than 2-1, a ratio of 8-1 in the mandates! HSS and HSLS have shown that the association pays. If you would turn a block from its list won more than ten percent of the vote, so to win at least one seat in every or nearly every constituency, and in several two, the result would be more advantageous. &quot;Vanity, petty interests, spite, fantasies, conscious diversion ...
 often undermined the agreement related parties on a common approach. &quot;The two strongest parties are very nadzastupljene SDP with 32.5% of votes won 56 seats, ie 40.0% and 34.9% HDZ with 61 votes a mandate that 43, 6%. It is not fair, but fits most and is therefore difficult to change. Change the electoral system used in the list, which won about five to ten percent of the vote (eg by introducing additional &quot;state list&quot;, as in Denmark and elsewhere) should be One of the strategic goals of a &quot;third bloc&quot; that would come into a situation that one of the big blocks without them can not form a government. Thus, it create &quot;blocks&quot;! (7) So far, however, for various reasons, the association successfully elections in Croatia were rare, except the above cases with one dominant party. All previous elections were marked by absurdly large number of applicants list, most of which did not exceed one percent of the vote.
 Vanity, petty interests, spite, fantasies, conscious diversion ... often undermined the agreement related parties on a common approach. In 2007. in ten constituencies, there were a total of 251 registered list, which is admittedly a significant decrease compared to 2003, when there were 346! On the one hand contributes to a large disintegration rate (each leaf gets some Promil), the other helps the big parties (the undecided voter, faced with a long list of unknown parties, will give voice to some of them). Undoubtedly, some of the &quot;phantom&quot; parties, which do not have any activity other than that submitted lists of candidates, the tools are the major parties to create confusion. Returning to the beginning of this text, surveys and estimates indicate that, despite the above-mentioned global stability of voter preferences, there is potential for penetration of a number of representatives of the new forces (third, fourth, fifth block ...) in Parliament. Even if it is only five to six, it would be a significant change compared to previous elections.
 The only new party, the &quot;bottom&quot; after 1990., Who managed to enter parliament in the Croatian Pensioners Party, with three terms 2003 .. In the next article, I will analyze the groupings that occur and their potential (8).; [1] on the reliability of surveys are useful texts Kresimir Macan at the network headquarters manjgura.hr. He warns of the methodological problems and often results in incorrect treatment of the media [2] Under the &quot;block&quot; means the common list or more parties or independent list led by the popular leaders, gather a number of significant non-partisan social actors (individuals, associations, movements, etc. ) and perform coordinated in most or all of the constituencies. [3] Common list of several parties in the mature democracies are rare, and formally banned. The coalition agreements can be concluded before the election, but everyone goes out of its list. Smaller parties are then stimulated to unite with similar programming.
 [4] The elections in 2007. It happened twice: HSP in the fifth and the eighth-HNS electoral establishment. [5] There is still an advantage, compared to a system with a national list and the threshold of five percent (as for example in Germany) that has ten constituencies, weak party can hope to win at least one term. Advantageous for them proportional system with no threshold or low threshold, as in the Netherlands is divided into 140 seats with a unique list, the threshold is one stočetrdesetinka ie 0.71% of the vote. This does not lead from the large dispersion: seats at the last elections, won ten of the parties, of which the three parties, which had less than five percent of the vote, won nine seats. [6] Here are their voices were very unevenly distributed. HNS is the third constituency won 25.3% of votes (more than a third of the total votes won in the country), and the HSS / HSLS 16.5% in another constituency.
 Smart coalition in other units could improve their score. [7] If a party is of course the real aim is to win the mandate. Some leaders of minor parties only use the opportunity to have a little appearance in public, the narcissism or to promote some of their ideas. Belonged to the latter type is the natural law party (supporters of transcendental meditation), and now there&#39;s an idea for the establishment of Pirate Party and the Party for the Liberation of Animals. [8] Under these considerations and my article &quot;The third block, the third time ... the green and the left can offer? &quot;
 