Everything smells of lilies and clover, are shining steels, stone sleeper right hand waving to the billboards, alternate retouched faces on bright surfaces, are divided into tissues and brochures, shaking with folklore PA vehicles, leaflets krezavu paved roadway, drivers willing to give candidates and perform expensive walking shoes, as well as chewing gum to stick to Turova slogans for Citizens: Our people know Serbian forever for people who believe despair win together ... His Majesty the voter simply stupid to come up and morning ugazi in another old day. Is it not wiser to sleep houndred times these few weeks until the election, a dignified send off the painful reality recumbent and rested and fresh and defiant of sleep waiting for a bright future? Dream, for example, soft golden autumn: The elections are over, the future began, the canning season, picking up tubs, crisp rendeta, the counter is prolamaju of cheap goods. Marketplace taped posters over the counter each other.
 For a head of cabbage, in addition it says: our cabbage! The second is the other peak, below it: the people know pickle. A third: head which I believe. And the fourth: charm forever. A fifth, for health podvarak, a sixth Win bezglađe. A seventh photographs tombstones with Radimlje, just a stone instead of lily carved cabbage. Below that first tape raps: Better than Dawn Kras. Uštva better than yours. Beech softer than sedge. I can ski better than hash. Mount good, but ours. Pets, give what you give. Our cabbage is just a wave! A rapping on the display corresponds to an opera singer, ariom: Rasooooleeee miioooo! One vendor cries of head raso stinks!, Other dere: Cabbage for the bottom barrel, the third Gusla: God&#39;s desire, you save it from collapse to date us, take on our pig Podvarak is our salvation. Sort sarma us dear, each pot renowned work, charm gives us strength, blessing the village, town. And his majesty voter goes from counter to counter, and not to decide.
 All are equal his head. All sail, full, shiny, round, see: a healthy grown garbage. It seems he has any place in the winepress, each would be a good filthy zamirisala, any place of honor in the Bosnian pot deserves, under every leaf carefully to charm krčkala. Under socialism it was easier and fairer. Less is spent on posters, and more on the union. Zimnica you arrived home, no one pretended to have a choice. There is less democracy, but more dignity. Have not you humiliated retarded slogans and ingratiating himself with you as a professional ŠIBICARI. No one is forcing you to be responsible for another person&#39;s nerve. I knew the difference between the cabbage from the bottom of tubs and top politicians from the government. http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0, 6014473.00. ht
 