In the midst of great debate about the state of the Croatian judiciary, the artillery logs, budget deficit or the fight against corruption, then on what the current team slows down in approaching the EU, carried out one more fight. &quot;Wild&quot; fields to BiH in Brussels, the official realized, to my great surprise, that the Croatian accession, the EU gets, and - mine. For Europeans, this is like a story from another planet, because the EU is not the war was already 65 years and mine suspected areas have long since disappeared. Besides Denmark, the stress in the office shy Deputy Prime Minister Djurdja Adlesic, which still has only small areas of the mine. I requested assistance in mine clearance - from the Croatian. Although from the beginning of 1999., Since the Croatian Mine Action Centre (HCR) to keep records, RH cleared even 5093 sq. km (almost one tenth surface states), mine is still suspicious 887 square kilometers. But Brussels can bother you are still a point of suspected hazardous areas.
 It is about 70.1 km2 of the border area one kilometer deep. Under the mines are still some parts of the Croatian border with Bosnia and Herzegovina (55.1 km2), Hungary (9.7 km2), Serbia (3.3 km2) and Montenegro (2.0 km2). Demine the slowest part of the border with Bosnia, because there are mines have been set to &quot;the wildest&quot; way. There are no accurate maps of mine fields, mine were all there asking, without order. Unlike other fields, for which there is much more accurate maps. Is most unfortunate because of its border areas under the mines of Hungary. Patiently waiting for a dozen years, but now, say the Government, more Hungarians complained. They want to help because they are aware of how much money is Croatian Mine Action Centre. However, the EU and almost did not anticipate this problem and to find ways to fund from other similar purposes pour some needed money Croatia. Therefore, Croatia and Hungary, through local authorities in both the farm, eco-tourism through joint programs and intend to push the need for humanitarian demining.
 EU to approve such a common Baranja programs, the bill will find room for clearance. Looking at that map of Croatian Mine Action Centre, we see that in fact the entire area of Baranja, along the Drava, mine suspected. According to Serbia for a turn on parts of the border with Spačva Srijem and some villages. Even eight Croatian county has, however mine suspected area of the BH. The biggest problem they have in Sisak-Moslavina (25.9 km2) and Lika-Senj (13.5 km2). According to Montenegro at least nerazminiranoga border area (2 km2). It is the small roads in the hills Konavle. For 2010. planned use of the European Commission, the program Krosborder RH-CG, which will be part of demine areas along the border line in Konavlima. Nearby is found and underwater explosives, and will remove it. World competent in the office of the Deputy Prime F.. Adlesic allegations that seek, through the Committee of the Parliament of the EU and the European Commission to provide the necessary money.
 At the same time, assured the EU that Croatia will, regardless of the mines, successfully carried out its obligations in implementing the Schengen standards. State border is not a problem, because the mine suspected areas controlled by other technologies. Given that the Republic for 15 years systematically engaged in mine clearance, our country became one of the world&#39;s most competent in solving the mine problem. At the recently held international conference in Sibenik dozens of countries have sent their own experts. Croatia is among the world&#39;s best manufacturers of anti-mine equipment, robotic demining machines (and exported to the U.S.), a Croatian Cluster manufacturers offering and know-how, people, equipment, trained dogs. No joke, this business could soon become a strong Croatian export brand. At present 10 countries around the world looking for various ways of Croatian help solve their problems with mine. These are Iraq (monitoring, quality control, demining machines), Azerbaijan (the development of equipment and machinery), Egypt (identification and reduction of hazardous area), Georgia (the establishment of a national center for clearance, equipment and machinery), Ukraine (pyrotechnic equipment and machinery ), Yemen (new methods of demining operations in desert areas), Tajikistan (equipment and machinery), Libya (training, equipment and machinery), Sri Lanka (machines), Turkey (joint mining).
 With 1.1 billion. kn no suspected areas until 2019. The National Mine Action Programme, adopted by the Parliament in 2009th, according to a mine problem should be solved until 2019. During this year it is planned to demine yards of inhabited houses and infrastructure facilities. 2014. cleaned to all agricultural areas, arable land, most of the meadows and pastures that are up to the war were in use. Like all forest areas. Estimates are that for all it was necessary to set aside at least 1.1 billion. There are currently suspected mine has 887 km2. In 1999. the situation was much worse - even the 6000 square miles was under mine.
 