Sami OF COURSE THE BIGGEST LOSERS FOR THE ELECTION LAW ANTIDEMMOKRATSKOG Photo: Tinolovka-news polling stations were closed, and everyone wins, of course, in preeliminarnim results, everyone is holding their own village and Walter on the wings becomes Bosniaks and Croats again representative of the Presidency, this electoral system has no Fidel&#39;s Cuba. For this kind of circus are largely to blame Croats who have agreed to such Partying What is the mood of the Federation can best see you there watching FTV has a multitude of analysts and sages, they predict an election issue, say and conclude, none of them is a Croat. Izetbegovic, Radmanovic, Komsic ... But there is an analyst based in Tuzla, its 105 years of age, a representative of the Forum, which was handed down a notorious nonsense, just valid for all regimes and all state regulation, &quot;everyone can be a politician but not everyone can be a journalist? Such nonsense is really almost ridiculous comment, that is, so look koike Croatian journalist who has just finished high school.
 So do not exist in Croatian reporter who once was &quot;the worst student of his generation&quot;? What will you more? Not to mention that such &quot;journalists&quot; broke &quot;wherever they appeared. Croats, Bosnians elected Komsic itzbora As in Bosnia, the so-called. RS Radmanovic water front Ivanic, the Federation of Bosniaks choose between three options, Babin Bakir Izetbegovic, Walter from the SDP and Komsic and nationalists Silajdzic, the advantages of Izetbegovic ... Croats? Who you ask them? Polls closed in Bosnia and Herzegovina and symbolically announced the twilight of democracy in that country, the Croatian Bosnians were selected by PRESIDENCY, very likely, Walter (Komsic), and we all anticipate, Dodik without excessive problems, with the slogan &quot;Republic of Serbian forever Bosnia and Herzegovina until the sea. &quot; won. Thus, electoral engineering SDP into one entity, Dodik in the second, triumphantly cut &quot;winner&quot; ribbon ...
 Our inno .. &quot;perish ...&quot;. After making this nakaradnog election law is completely clear who paid the price, the Croats as the smallest nation in that, completely out of space and time, the ground before they disappear. Additional problems have arisen after raskolio Sanader HDZ BiH, two HDZ, which has already split the Croats in the divided country, but, regardless of division, not even one percent of Croats in Bosnia would not have voted for the SDP, and the party will tailor a fate. What we have seen in the Croatian presidential elections when Josipović in BiH has not received a single vote. What a grotesque situation. Perhaps it would be best if the U.S. president elected by the citizens of Pakistan. What a grotesque situation, and how we have distorted the state leadership, especially on Pantovčakui, best evidenced by the fact that the friend I Josipovic, Boris Tadic, has given support destroyer of Bosnia and Herzegovina Milorad Dodik, incredibly, Josipovic silent, as it was silent about &quot;the Yugoslav civil wars, &quot;those who did not participate in war is never hard to keep quiet.
 As to Walter, it is the brainchild of the SDP, which are part of Valter, who slept in the past four years and who is the counterpart of Dodik, intended Zeljko Komsic, we all know who is Walter and that &quot;Animal&quot; Walter played in one film. Thus, the Bosnians have even two members of the Presidency from their ranks, and even TR BH President ... Recall: At this year&#39;s elections in Bosnia involved as many as 37 political parties and eleven party coalition, and applied to thirteen independent candidates. On the lists of candidates for various levels of government so they found even 8242 names. The biggest success is expected Social Democratic Party BiH (SDP), while foreigners were assured that their member Zeljko Komsic resumes mandate Croatian member of BiH Presidency. On the other hand, Borjana Christ from the HDZ BiH and HDZ Martin Raguz from 1990, however, are convinced that each of them to win and, unlike Komsic be the legitimate representatives of the interests of Croats in the Bosnian national leadership, and their parties in the state and federal parliament .
 Among the parties in the Republic of Serbian state is almost entirely predictable, and almost all of the analysis indicate that the Party of Independent Social Democrats (SNSD), Milorad Dodik, to achieve a convincing victory, especially after her election campaign in the final open support given to Serbian President Boris Tadic.
 