- 15 III. opened in Gliptoteka Academy, Academy today, a large exhibition of Ivan Mestrovic - upset doctors and dentists because of the social debate about their title &quot;doctor&quot;, you need a PhD to be rural doctors - 28 - 30 VI. Yugoslavia accepted the final part of the long-term program of economic stabilization (DPES) - 3 VII. Milka, prime minister or a SIV-Yugoslavia, published a large external debt of the country - about $ 19 billion - as well as the requirements of international institutions for its renovation - plumbing authorities are appealing to its citizens: saving that you would not be limited by the use of water - continuing a summer hit: Loch Ness Lake in hiding for three and not just a monster - in the general drought occurred floods - fake diplomas - hydrofoil went to Hvar by Osjecanka Vera Ilić (25), which he later gave birth to twins in Split - 16 VIII. 1 $ = 98.88 din, 1 DM = 3626.14 din. - In the Balkans Viktor-Victoria &quot;, in Kustošiji Softić&quot; Sylvia in the realm of passion &quot;, in Zagreb, and Triglav national premiere of the film&quot; Crime School &quot;B.
 Ivande - 29 VIII. reduction of electricity in Zagreb; reminds me of the beginning of a long period of shortages of electricity, and reduction - the number of overnight stays in a constant rise, with 53.5 million 1980th will grow to 67.665 million 1985th, regardless of the various indicators, Yugoslavia in the mid-80-they realized from tourism around 3 billion U.S. dollars, in which the Croatian share stood at 80 percent - came on the market tops, &quot;a hit - Fruit chocolate cake&quot; - private initiative in publishing: it is a book out Jane Fonda &quot;My Method&quot;; translation and authorship issues Nada Paliković, foreword Slavenka Drakulic Ilic; subscription price din 1600. - In the newly opened, thus restoring the newly opened Brno (formerly Grafičar) complete daily lunches per 250 din. I remember the snacks prepared by the poet Ivan Tolj, after promoting his collection &quot;The Island&quot; - &quot;As&quot; chose Miss Yu &#39;83.; In the Great Hall of the Sports Hall, to Thursday, the 1st
 September in 21 hours; participated: Zdravko Colic, Lepa Brena Miroslav Ilic Biljana Ristic, Alma Ekmečić; guest of honor Miss World Mariasela Lebron, director Anton Marti, head of Oliver Mlakar; tickets were sold at 300 and 400 din.
 