And they had these Australians are reasons enough to Dragan Vasiljkovic, alias Daniel Snedden, keep an eye on at least, if not already in custody. This is a person who passes through their criminal and intelligence records on several grounds, each of which is reason enough to detain him because of the danger of escape. Here, therefore, less critical biography Dragan Vasiljkovic. Naturalized Australian in 1974, children of economic immigrants from Yugoslavia. As a first time juvenile prosecuted for possessing and selling stolen goods, another way of organizing the &#39;chain of suburban prostitution&#39; in Melbourne, all filled before the 21st year. The juvenile judge then it is faced with a choice: jail or - or the military. He joined the elite Victoria Regiment and completed officer training course. He served in several places in južnopacifičkoj region, where Australia has had peacekeepers. After the expiry of compulsory service, the outgoing captain Snedden worked as a military instructor in various countries that hold up the British military tradition, the Gulf Emirates, mainly, but apparently viđan in South Africa, Angola and similar places.
 Career typical decent mercenaries anyway. He acquired a pilot&#39;s license. In this region appeared to be somewhat unpleasant circumstances in 1990: entered the Montenegrin water on a yacht in the company povećoj two German Miss., but police in Bar yacht temporarily retained due to the &#39;controversial origin. &quot; It somehow fix, but with Vasiljkovic soon contacted Frank &#39;Frankie&#39; from the Serbian Simatović Udba; never learned how and by whom. It was known, however, is that Frankie and Jovica Stanisic should just such a professional profile. Born hohštapler and talented conman, Dragan in agreement with UDBA begins to build the image of &#39;a mysterious and invincible Special Forces&#39;, with the inevitable: &quot;If I tell you who I really, I&#39;ll kill you&#39;. Already in the summer of 1991, and Milosevic&#39;s media Udba of it created a sensation and the screech, in which, of course, enjoyed. He became the hero of comics for kids.
 When the image was at its peak, sending him into Golubic near Knin, where he founded &#39;Alpha Camp&#39; training Martic milicajac, called &#39;Knindža&#39;. Warrior, SMUGGLER AND GOLFER Captain Dragan and his troops fought around Glina and Dvor na Uni, in the Zadar hinterland, etc. until the autumn of 1991. Then culminates deceptive conflict between Vasiljkovic Martic and Mile: in short, Dragan Milo thought a fool, a Mile him face suspiciously. Dragana Mile drove to Belgrade, without much opposition to Milosevic&#39;s people. In fact, Captain Dragan, in accordance with his military education, he insisted that the initial military successes, to be converted into political capital that you would get with the Croatian state concluded a truce and blackmail extort concessions quite similar to the later plan Z-4. Blackmail would be supported by the threat of disruption of communication lines in Karlovac and Zadar. The captain, apparently, did not understand Milosevic&#39;s strategy: that the &#39;Republic of Serbian Krajina &quot;only commodity with a limited shelf life, was not the only one.
 For his stay in Belgrade, but the erotic adventures that came out to vote, Dragan dealt with espionage and smuggling of electronics and more modern military equipment (night binoculars), in collaboration with two German con artists who stole it later. Of course, that the Serbian secret service expensive to sell obsolete equipment that had already made plain to buy mail-order. Tues began the war in Bosnia. Captain Dragan was called in to help, he spent some time there, but returned saying that he &#39;s team of villains Karadzic will have a job&#39;. He founded the &#39;NGO&#39; Organization &#39;Captain Dragan Fund&#39; and dealt with aiding widows and orphans Serbian fighters. In the mid nineties, figured that Milosevic&#39;s poor writing and began to approach the &#39;patriotic&#39; opposition around the Vuk Draskovic, all giving the undisputed liberal statements. During the pogrom against the press, in late 1998, demonstratively placed on the side of the vulnerable.
 When the fifth October 2000. there was a coup, led by Dragan Vasiljkovic group of armed men occupied skyscrapers Beograđanka &#39;and critically important to local radio and TV station Studio B, smoothly and without sunburnt bullets. Under the new regime, he was pleased and not be pushed into politics than in business. He became an advisor to Mile Dragic, manufacturers of protective equipment (armor, helmets, etc), then tossed in the promotion of golf among the Serbs, but he for some reason he started the hand. What is the radio side, we do not know, but that&#39;s something radio - so, knowing him. The Hague tribunal cheated in one time and called him a witness against Milosevic, and he made a circus and dropped a defense witness. Either way, Serbia he was tired and returned to Australia to deal with golf and other activities. Then there is the tapeworm to Croatian request for extradition. This story is quite strange: Australia generally does not extradite its own nationals, but in the case of Daniel Snedden made an exception.
 My Australian sources say that he strongly objected to someone there, but I do not know how, can, however, suggests considering the described CV ... Especially since the extradition detention was held much longer than is customary there. And then he was released on bail to continue the litigation about the extradition, took his Australian passport, but not Serbian, but they knew it was there. As soon as he heard that the Supreme Court decided to extradite, disappeared without a trace, that could be, indeed, must assume, such a profile. Australia is large and surrounded by an even larger ocean. Nearby are a variety of exotic countries like Indonesia or the Pacific islands, where Interpol is not active. Dragan Vasiljkovic has enough connections in the military and intelligence demimonde that you are obtaining false papers. The pilot was experienced and skilled seaman. Can you imagine how long to sail the boat or flying a small Cessna over the Pacific Ocean.
 These are sad facts of life. And when - and if - being caught and extradited, we hope, will be the circus of the trial. Text taken from the portal www.tportal.hr
 