IN SPLIT political war of extermination Photo: Tinolovka-news/arhiv rages amazing and disgusting political struggle for power in Split, the political struggle some have even turned Split theater, trying to undo the will of the people, imagine leaflets. Accusations between the HDZ-SDP-Marasović Baja Jurjević (everywhere just to talk about Baja Jurjević democracy), there is no doubt that in the struggle for dominance over Split and confederations involved two strongest political parties in the country. What elections, the elections were about 18 months SDP, through its Veterans and extremists, and a major party, Marina Baja Jurjevića trying to cause the elections, the HDZ, quite reasonably, it wants to, it was not even a year and a half of local elections and we would again be paying in this time of recession, a new election would only SDP satisfy their hunger for power. Understandably, their appetite, if you&#39;re hungry for 17 years begin to devour everything in its way.
 But let us, for the moment, the battle for &quot;CVIT Mediterranean&quot; devote a little &quot;Kosovac. That in politics there are former Communists, who are mentally still in a criminal creation of Yugoslavia, has long been known that there is no &quot;Kosovars&quot; in the music and the culture and to pretend to be the same intendant Theatre - and in Split, we did not know until we have not discovered Duje McNally, head of the Split HDZ. In a brief interview with the third log Croatian Duje television Marasović explained why the HDZ has not signed a resignation instead of all the duties of Split in order compel Keruma to vote Marasović said the HDZ is not for the elections because they have enough arms in the City Council to shift this administration that is currently in the hands Kerum who believes that &quot;politicians are easily corruptible goods,&quot; no, Baja Jurjević such obrazleženje not accept as SDP &quot;I will never enter a coalition with the HDZ and HSP. We should add, never except in Osijek, Velika Gorica, then with HDSSB, and so on.
 Dusko kosovac stammered, &quot;But the most intriguing explanation Marasovića is related to Duska stutters, Mucalo controversial candidate for the directorship of the Keruma SPLITSKOHG National Theatre, the HDZ was against it because they do not want&quot; a man who is declared by the Yugoslav &quot;for the directorship. Marasović showed some of the papers due to alleged evidence that Mucalo was &quot;active in what was then the Security Service&quot;, Marasović concludes: &quot;Is it necessary for me at the head of the Split National Theatre, 20 years after the establishment of the Croatian state, we get Kosovac and incompetent&quot; . Responses Duska Mucalo is still expected, will likely be fierce. This sounds admirably patriotism HDZ after weekly government finances, which, here and there, pro fascist published articles, and headlines such as &quot;Storm and Peace&quot; or &quot;Both, both have fallen ...
 