Peace and stability in the region common to both countries in their relations there is an atmosphere of reconciliation, closed the Croatian and Serbian President Ivo Josipovic Boris Tadic said after meeting in Belgrade. The Presidents stressed that the future good relations between Croatian and Serbian important to prosecute those guilty of war crimes, find missing persons, the return of refugees and the continuing policy of peace and cooperation. Between our countries, there are open questions, it is important that confronts them and solve them, said Josipović and expressed confidence that it will be for some time both countries are found in the European Union. He added that he and his Serbian counterpart unanimous in the fact that Bosnia and Herzegovina must remain a unified country. President Tadic said Serbia wants the best possible relations with the Croatian and found that there is a possibility of cooperation in many areas. He added that Serbia honestly and openly supports the faster Croatian accession to the EU.
 Serbian President announced his arrival in Vukovar. You do not need nobody to call me in Vukovar, of course I&#39;ll come to Vukovar. Just do not rush me, the time will come, &quot;he said. While Vukovar, as well as many others, for years waiting for justice and prosecution of those responsible for their suffering, the president proposes to continue prosecution of war crimes and extrajudicial agreement on lawsuits, while Josipović says the decision is not its own sake. 20 years DSHV&#39;s afternoon session was devoted to visits of Vojvodina Croats. There Djurdjina, near Subotica, Josipović met with the leadership and members of the Democratic League of Croats in Vojvodina (DSHV), which is commemorated by a 20th anniversary of the establishment. Croatian minority is a bridge of cooperation and an important factor in relations between Serbia and the Croatian said Josipović during informal conversations with members and sympathizers DSHV on a farm John Stipić. Thanked the leadership of the party which kept the identity of Croats in Serbia and added that Croatia would respect the constitutional obligation to take care of its minority in Serbia and throughout the world.
 20th Celebration anniversary party continued in a solemn Academy Sports Hall of Subotica where Josipoviću joined President Tadic, the Serbian government ministers and other senior Serbian officials. Josipović: The Tadic I found a partner and friend at the academy, Tadic said that the Croats would it still have a real ally in the fight for the interests, identity, culture and preservation of special features of the Croatian people in Serbia and Vojvodina. Ethnic minorities are rich and links the two countries. You are the strongest political and civilizational strength of this community and therefore have an important role in its preservation, said Josipović in a speech before about 3,000 members and supporters DSHV&#39;s. He stressed that national minorities in Croatia, Serbia and the Serbian in Croatia, recognized as an asset, as a link between the two countries. For such a policy of peace, cooperation and coexistence in European politics, I&#39;m Boris Tadic found a partner and friend, said Josipovic.
 DSHV was founded in 15th July 1990. Groups. The first and longtime chairman of the party was Tonković Bela, who was sacked 2003rd, when he took over the post and is still holds Peter Kuntić. DSHV is the only parliamentary party of the Croatian minority in Serbia. It has representatives in the National Assembly, but he is an agent with a list of the Democratic Party, with which DSHV has a long and successful coalition cooperation. With a place in the state parliament, DSHV has a representative in the Assembly of the few seats in local parliament, Subotica, Sombor, Sremska Mitrovica and Apatin. The main objective of the parties is to promote and ensure equality of Croats in Vojvodina. This is the first official visit to Serbia and the continuation Josipovića many informal contacts by the Croatian president had with his Serbian counterpart Boris Tadic. After meeting with Serbian Prime Minister Ivo Josipovic planted a friendship tree in the park.
 President Josipović visit Serbia continues on Monday talks with Serbian Prime Minister Mirko Cvetkovic and NGO representatives in Belgrade. In the first video look at what the president said Ivo Josipovic bilateral relations Croatian and Serbian, Kosovo negotiations at the UN, the withdrawal of the complaint before the International Court of Justice and the Croatian noninterference in resolving the Kosovo issue. Commented on the issue of Bosnia, return of refugees and resolving the fate of missing persons. In the second videzapisu President Boris Tadic says the Kosovo issue, visit Vukovar, about Bosnia, Serbian and Croatian relations, lawsuits before the International Court of Justice, borders and resolving the fate of missing persons and the refugees, protection of property, letters and language of the Serbs in Croatia. Ivo Josipović Belgrade Boris Tadic at a joint conference
 