The past six months have unfolded from the bottom, says the World Bank, announcing the continuation of positive trends that will primarily depend on exports and the inflow of foreign capital. The Bank maintains the earlier, relatively optimistic estimates that the Croatian GDP this year to rise 0.5 percent, and the next will accelerate to three percent. However, it is slower than the average of the new Europe, where this year&#39;s expected growth of 1.6 percent, following a 3.6 per cent. It was damaged in production - although there is a recovery of world economy, the outlook for the region EU10 and Croatia is still uncertain. Unemployment continues to rise, a decrease is expected only 2011th year - Kasper said Richer, lead author of the Regular Economic Report of the World Bank for the EU10 countries and Croatia. However, positively assessed the fact that employment in the region sank more slowly than the economy. Thus, in Estonia, GDP fell 14 percent and employment by nine percent.
 Croatia&#39;s GDP fell 5.8 percent and employment by 3.2 percent. - Employers have sought to maintain a quality work force because they are aware that it will, when the crisis passes, a sore back - explained Sanjay Madžarević-Šujster, senior economist at World Bank. This is especially important in cases where employers are invested in its development. Although figures show that this trend fits and Croatia, there are significant differences between private and public sectors. Employment in manufacturing and hospitality fell by more than GDP, and about a sharp decline occurred in the construction industry. At the same time in sectors such as education and health to open new positions. Ribic is wrong Salaries in the industry have suffered much more than the public sector. These figures do not support the words Vilim Ribic, president of the Independent Union of Research and Higher Education, who yesterday said that so far, &quot;the only public service show solidarity.&quot;
 At the regional level, as indicated by the report, the worst have passed and the young men, because the crisis has hit hardest construction and manufacturing activities. It was waiting for them and for the next few years because, as assessed by the World Bank, workers with basic education and little work experience hard to come to work in all sectors, not just in construction. - The tourist season in the coming few months to fix the situation in Croatia, but no high-quality and long-term jobs - warned Madžarević-Šujster. Although well othrvala difficult crisis and to preserve financial stability, the Croatian still are numerous challenges and accelerate economic growth and maintaining stability. Reform, reform, reform of the Bank believes that it will not be possible without key reforms. - The reform program ranges from the rationalization of consumption, increase labor force participation in the labor market and the strengthening of higher education and innovation to cut red tape and reduce business costs - considered the Head of Office for Croatia, Andras Horvai.
  