Fans of Lady Gaga came on their own. Not only did I start to count down the days until her concert on Friday in Zagreb Arena, but the lessons! Overnight at the Esplanade Madonna 21st century will regale us with his room one day before the spectacle. With a suite of 130 people who care about her and her tour &quot;Monster Ball&quot;, Gaga is coming to Zagreb on the day of the concert directly from Belfast. According to unofficial sources, the Croatian capital U.S. megastar will stay one day and spend the night at The Regent Esplanade Zagreb, and then go to Budapest, which already has a new gig 7th November Although the eccentricity of his appearance seems like a spoiled diva and too demanding, judging by her modest desires in Zagreb must be met, Lady Gaga is not like that. - It is quite simple and self-effacing and do not require a lot - said Sanjay Ajdinovski from Lupa promotion, organizers of the Zagreb event of the season, and continued: - All that is asked is, 500 kilograms of ice in the arena and required four bottles of oxygen on the stage.
 Although the wardrobe in the hall well guarded and locked, Gaga has sought to put an extra on the door locks. The singer has no nutritional demands it brings along its own catering and chefs. Thus, the entire machinery is only for themselves, so it is not surprising that all these people and equipment weighs 70 tons, which will be hung from the roof of the Arena in Zagreb come in 30 trucks and 13 buses. &quot;The point of what I do is that for their fans create the space in which to celebrate what they are. As a teenager I did not fit in any society, and I felt like a freak. All those who feel they have a friend in me, &quot;said Lady Gaga for her fans, the so-called little monsters and put them in the forefront of their work. And it is they, the eccentric fashion as well as their role model, and in Croatia, which has a large number, on the eve of the concert with his sweet care. Fans of her most important - We get lots of mails, among whom was also concerned about the girl who will come to a concert with the cans will be on her hairstyle, &quot;playable&quot; rollers, and is concerned about whether the precautionary measures at the entrance even be able to enter the concert - they say in Lupi.
 So those who are preparing a similar outfit organizers say that will be free to enter - only if you own or with you they do not have objects which can injure someone!
 