In the last few days heated discussions on the currency clause and its abolition as the alleged decision of Croatian economic difficulties. This discussion reminds me of the definition which the late Branko Horvat often mentioned in order to explain the difference between lay people and economists. Once he told me about this: if you see a man who interprets the economy by using two variables - if A, then B, to the layman. If you hear someone who is handled by three variables, and says: if A then B, C and possibly, something that glimpses. If you are dealing with four variables, and says: if A then B, possibly C, and D could be changed, then this could become an economist. An economist is someone who in the most ordinary conversation &quot;spinning&quot; at least five variables in the head. There are some simple tricks to identify a person from the AB world. The most common blocks with two variables: - weaken the local currency and you will increase exports and / or to reduce imports - increase spending and you will increase production - too many technological innovations reduce employment - Make a monetary expansion, and reduce your interest rate - lower interest rates and you will increase the loans - loans to increase and you increase your investments, etc.
 In our public space can be heard and AB tautology, for example: - Increase production and you will increase the standard of living - we have to increase wages in order to increase the standard of living - a solution to our problems is to obtain larger growth rate of GDP (the I was very glad). Examples of foreboding from the ABC complex world with three variables are: - weaken the local currency and you will increase exports and / or reduce import if inflation does not respond to a course - make a monetary expansion, and reduce your interest rate if the risks remain unchanged, - create monetary expansion and real exchange rate will depreciate if inflation remains under control. How are you still on the road foundation in economics, you&#39;ll notice the fourth, fifth, and so variable and enter the complex ABCD-... a world in which the number of uncontrolled variables begins to increase. Let us first on five variables: If we introduce a monetary expansion, exchange rate depreciates, the prices do not react, and if the sum of the absolute values of the coefficient of elasticity of exports and imports to real exchange rate is such that it can lead to improvement of the current account balance, then I&#39;m all well made.
 The following is a jump to six and now eight variables: Damn, all will yet be well canceled due to foreign currency. Increasing the burden of repayment of debts for debtors who have loans tied to the exchange rate or foreign currency will reduce their investment and consumption. We conclude by adding two more variables so that a total of ten: the final impact on GDP and employment could be negative. Under the burden of looking for the obvious solution to the problem detected, and I can see saving way out - the abolition of foreign currency from which the whole embroilment started! However, candidates for economists who squirm at the obvious often are surprised by the extra burden that they lay on the head when you take out some of the critical bricks to keep the complex structure from collapsing. The currency is the clause is an excellent example of such bricks. In the first version of thinking about the consequences of removing the brick not to touch foreign currency deposits, foreign currency but it abolished.
 At the moment we neglect the time violate reasonable principles of risk management, international supervisory standards and EU directives, and look what happens. Loss borne by the bank, whereby the amount of the loss of easily calculated by multiplying the foreign currency liabilities and depreciation rates. With the depreciation rate of approximately 25% loss is so great that the bank will remain without a single rate of capital (because the exchange rate and the related liabilities amounted to more than 200 billion). This leads to bankruptcy of the banking system, similar to that of 1989. With all the (probably similar) results. Indeed it sounds dramatic, and the second version does not abolish but only indexed and foreign currency savings, so that exchange rate depreciation in the first step to delete the capital of banks. Seemingly (again, the burden of the obvious), everything should be fine: there are no losses in banks, the exchange rate depreciates ... Of course, the scenario is not legally viable, because who can undo the provisions in the existing private contracts? Even if such a thing were possible, the bank would have to offer a much higher deposit interest rates (and then charge a much higher lending rates) that people keep money in banks.
 Would it do any credit for &quot;normal&quot; interest rates? Would not this move led to a drop in credit rating Croatian? Who would in these conditions and how to finance the maturity of public debt and budget deficits? Issues that are arranged like the structure, which collapses. Suddenly, a number of variables from which we started (ABCD) is threatening to come to the end of the alphabet. Not enough characters and too many bricks. Damn complexity, trying her burden. So much that it causes emotions. Because of all these discussions on this topic end with a vague conclusions full of disappointments. Or it is asserted that the government - particularly National Bank, did not do enough to promote the domestic currency. (And it is magic to be done which would solve all these problems?). Or is found to be far too late, because the moves should be hauled before (A and when that moves earlier, when the discussion drags for years?). Or resignedly concludes that it is all a result of a conspiracy of bad politicians and international bankers, who are occupying our country that has blossomed to these pests.
 (Would people continue to hrliti Gluime and City banks to give them their money?). Indeed, when you have a pile of bricks dropped on your head, you have the right to be angry and do not bother to detail. The effective point of compensating for the pain of defeat the idea. As Professor Horvat is concerned, it seems to me that it underestimated the number of variables that you need to shoot in the head while the other person earnestly explains a solution to economic salvation. An example of the clause suggests that Horvatov number should increase to ten.
 