Popular pills for emergency contraception, also known as the &quot;morning after&quot; could be found in Croatian pharmacies next week. Namely, the Croatian Agency for Medicinal Products is still in April issued a license to use a product called escapelle, and on Thursday it expects approval for marketing. Doctors of the Church against? Although Croatian gynecologists have 20-odd years to prescribe higher doses of &quot;ordinary&quot; contraceptives, to what was registered as a contraceptive escapelle reacted Croatian Catholic Medical Association. &quot;This is an abortive agent, a contraceptive called it deception to the public because the pill reaches just assuming that fertilization has already occurred,&quot; the official statement HKLD&#39;s. Also consider the side effects apparent in the description of superficiality that is dangerous to the health of women. - Description of the relative difference between medikacijskog and surgical abortions, and abortions chemicals produljeniji are uncertain - warned of a HKLD.
 Croatian to gynecologists do not agree with this stance and say that it is better than the abortion pill. - It is a pill that visokohormonskoj, consumed within 72 hours after sexual intercourse to prevent conception or transfer of a fertilized egg in the womb - said gynecologist Dr. Dubravko Lepušić. Nobody, he says, not even science, can not reliably tell whether the first 72 hours after intercourse to conception occurred or not. Better than the abortion pill - On weekends the recipe for the &quot;day after&quot; told 15-odd young couples - revealed Lepušić al. He adds that since about 2000 teenage pregnancies a year, of which 50 per cent complete abortion, safer means of tablets. A similar view has a well-known gynecologist and professor. Dr. V. Simunic, who said that the recommendation to give this pill and WHO on the grounds that it could reduce abortions as much as 50 percent. Although I believe that each abortion is termination of life, the gynecologist Prof.. Ante Ćorušić, Head of the Department of Gynecologic Oncology at Peter, who was himself a member HKLD, says that the tablets much better solution than abortion because the consequences of abortion, of which the most serious infertility, far more difficult.
 The church, of course, has no official position on the appearance day after birth, but from conversations with several priests can conclude that it will be against. In general, the attitude of the Church, we learn, and to be as contraception although they will be in the Church to break spears on the question of whether a contraceptive or abortion. Ireland and Poland have only a total ban on Ireland and Poland are among the few countries where the pill is totally prohibited. Although Hungary was a very tumultuous protest, the pill has been approved, but to date there is free distribution in that country. Exactly a year ago the Italian Medicines Agency also approved the limited use of birth &quot;day after&quot; even though it was preceded by a long period of fierce protest the Vatican and the Christian-oriented politicians. In most countries, the limit refers to the fact that pills are available in pharmacies and can not be obtained on prescription, but only in hospitals which are taken under controlled conditions.
 It is estimated that since 2000. The more than 620 000 women in the European countries decided on this form of abortion.
 