Yesterday&#39;s discovery Vecernji list the Independent on its front page on Tuesday published a photo of Karlovac actor Ljubomir Jurkovic Dede citing him as a Nazi war criminal from the second World War II, responsible for the deaths of 430,000 Jews, was on Wednesday, top-media issues in Croatia! The shock was because of threats - Text in Vecernji launched an avalanche of media law. I can not even remember how I Journalists and television crew was called today. There was me and a television crew from Italy and all they ask how is it possible that I just replaced the Nazis. I am in shock and confused I am, I even asked friends to help me in communicating with all those people who called me - said Ljubomir Jurkovic, apparently surprised by the large media attention. Unfortunately, Karlovac actor that is not the best because it was filed in a variety of call were those in which an unknown person threatened him and accused him of crimes committed during the Second World War, which has nothing to do.
 Therefore, it is during the morning, turned off his cell phone and fled in an unknown location. - All this is extremely difficult to receive, he went to the doctor, who gave him pills to calm down. From the shock. This is understandable because, after a difficult childhood, the years invested in themselves and build up a series of acting and humanitarian actions. But all that is positive in the previous period, did the British newspapers are destroyed in an instant, like a tower of cards - say Jurkovićev friend Vrnoga Marin, one of the few people who at this point knows the location to which the actor withdrew. The case is still ongoing, however, the case is not in this to keep it and Jurkovic and film producers are thinking about the lawsuit against the British daily newspaper. And quite rightly, say legal experts. - A terrible thing to declare a war criminal a man who was born in 1960th year and to show the whole world on the cover of one of the most respected and best-known newspapers in the world - says a famous lawyer Zeljko Racki.
 According to his claims, this case is very complex because each new publication of news about the incident spread and basis for action, bringing the proportion is growing and the amount of damages that can be requested before the British courts. - This case is built, it is still ongoing. Not only is the man depicted Independent criminal, and in this way he DIRTY honor and caused problems, but it passed and all the media in Croatia. Jurkovićeva photos where he was appointed criminal turns up in newspapers, television, and that the terrible human impact. For all of this is liable Independent - Racki said. British legal system, otherwise it is quite rigorous in the case of such errors, and each year awards a number of compensation. Guardian cites BBC News Renowned Guardian quoted in its present edition of BBC News Independent, noting that the error &quot;fruit brzopletog Google journalism&quot;. At the request Guardianov Independent editor Simon Kelner has said that trying to establish the real origins of photography, but at this moment I can not with certainty where the shot originated.
 -The photographs that originate or displayed Nazi always a dose of uncertainty, said the waiter for the Guardian
 