Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Josipovic said that raising the Croatian and Serbian relations at the highest level of one of the most important tasks of all involved in politics. Meeting in Opatija, a milestone in relations between the two countries Josipovic Belgrade daily Politika in an interview said that relations between the two countries better and better, and added that he supports the idea that citizens of both countries cross the border only with identity card. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: In Opatija is well agreed &quot;repair the relationship, bringing them to the highest level, is one of the most important task for all of us who are in politics because it is for the benefit of the two countries, the development of regional security policy and for trade, science, education and the human relationships of those who have friends and relatives on both sides of the border, &quot;said Josipovic. &quot;I think it was an important turning point was meeting the president (Boris) Tadic and me in Opatija, and after that we were repeatedly found.
 What is important is that the two governments began with intensive work, especially on issues that are open, &quot;said Josipovic. He said that relations between the two countries, despite the fact that there are still plenty of open questions that must be addressed , &quot;the obvious upward trend.&quot; Hiking Knez Mihajlo Josipovića in Belgrade welcomed the Serbian President Boris Tadic, which was followed by talks between the two countries delegations. Croatian and Serbian presidents today in Subotica will attend to mark the 20th anniversary of the founding of the Democratic Alliance of Croats in Vojvodina . The second day of stay in Serbia, on Monday, Josipović talks with Serbian Prime Minister Mirko Cvetkovic, and the Humanitarian Law Center in Belgrade to meet with representatives of nongovernmental organizations. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Kalemegdan. The program is Walk In Belgrade, the program has included visits and discussions with Tadic and Josipovic families of refugees and returnees in Croatia, and walk together the two presidents Knez Mihajlo street in Belgrade as well as meeting the president and the Serbian and Croatian artists in Kalemegdan Terrace Restaurant.
 The two presidents were from Josipovic appointment earlier this year met several times in various forums and conferences. In April of Pecs, Hungary, meeting Croatian President, Serbia and Hungary, after which the Tadic and Jospović Backi Monostor visited and met with representatives of the Croatian minority in Serbia. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The April meeting in Hungary: Tadic, Hungarian host Solyom and Josipović Restore Croatian cultural heritage, the Croatian president cited as priorities issues related to solving the problems of refugees and missing persons, as the economy and economic cooperation because, as That said, she is the one that will give the bread on both sides of the border. &quot;There are, of course, other issues - from art odnijetih from the Croatian, the issue of boundaries that must be solved sooner or later, various other forms of cooperation are possible, especially what to emphasize and which are made great strides, the fight against organized crime in the region, &quot;said Josipovic.
 &quot;We do a lot for the return of cultural treasures missing in Croatia, and in many other fields, especially in the economy, because they expect our managers, and to cooperate in the interest of both sides,&quot; said the Croatian president. Josipovic said that they will work to resolve numerous issues. &quot;I expect progress in relation to locating missing persons, and expect a shift in terms of refugees,&quot; he said in a statement Josipović for HTV. Josipoviću President is the first official visit to Serbia. Hin / beta / Re ss. Ed: Snjezana Kobešćak
 