What are Handicap / Spreads? Handicap is a way of making a sports contest more even and thus more interesting as a betting object. In betting, this is done by awarding one of the team, one who is defeated, some points or goals ahead. Different names and conventions are used to it, depending on the sport and the geographical origin of betting, but when you see through it, the basic principle is always the same. How does Think handicapping football (soccer) match between Austria and Brazil, and Austria is the home team. May bookmaker offering odds on the event, which gives the advantage of Austria ½ aimed at stake. Handicap is 0.5. So, if Austria scores the most goals, with the aim ½ he added, they would still have won. If the teams score an equal number of goals, with the aim of adding ½, Austria will have won the handicap bet. However, if Brazil wins (by 1 goal or more), Brazil would have won the bet.
 Keep in mind that with a handicap of 0.5, the game can never end in a draw. The same principle can be used in any contest between two teams or individuals, which is determined by the outcome of the tender results, which are the most goals / points / ... For example, in a baseball game, where the team scoring the highest for the winner, the handicap will be the number of runs awarded to the loser. Handicap is the most common type of bet in U.S. team sports. Handicap is often called the spread. For convenience, we will stick to European football in the following examples, but it all translates directly to other sports. Just exchange goals for points, runs or whatever the score is called. Our prevalence of Presentation We always use the convention print disabilities in terms of (net) points awarded to the first of the two teams. If the handicap is negative, for instance - ½, it means that team 1 is the favorite and will be deducted from the goals of the result.
 If the handicap is positive, it means that team 1 is the one who is defeated and will have goals added to this result. Option Draw / Draw No Handicap option can be a whole number, eg, +1.0 (which means that team 1 got 1 goal ahead). In this case, the contest could end in a draw - if the team loses 1 exactly 1 goal. This can be resolved in two ways: either the bookmaker offering odds on drawing, with a handicap draw option. Or he does, and then returns the stake (possibly deducting a small fee), without the handicap draw option. In the first case, the punter then has three choices, and usually at home / draw / away match bet. And in another, he has only two choices, home and away team. Just like when he was a 0.5 handicap. The latter principle is still used in U.S. sports, where you turn quite likely in any event because the rules of sport. In European football, it varies between bookmakers and some even offer both types of disability.
 &#39;But the draw option&#39; type for European football is often called the Asian handicap. Only another name. Without the handicap draw option, the bookmakers vary payback percentage, which varies between 90% and 100%, and most pay the full amount back. This corresponds empty stake, essentially declaring bet I can settle down and quit. payback percentages are listed on the site bookmaker information.
 