The old American adage says that you can cheat some people some time, even some people all the time, but you can not deceive all the people all the time. I&#39;m afraid that in our political elites of all colors and the parties are not aware of. We reserve the right in its micro universe in which revolve the past 20 years, and when they underline the line, we can ask - is it a country that for centuries we want and whether we as a nation really ready for the challenges of the times that are ahead of us? Yes, many will comment, it is easy to you who live outside of the Croatian or tell you who the Croatian situation look across the Atlantic do not know what is actually happening. Hard to clearly see everything, although it is painful to admit the end of the naked truth because no one likes failure. Croatia is better able to deal with the economy and privatization, and we believe it deserves a stronger political elite that only smart rush to Parliament, to be in government, create a social scene.
 Not exactly how you dreamed it, but spilled the milk can not now cry but try to be responsive to access the future of Croatian. When Kosor says that the war against corruption and crime is going to end, we believe it, but until a few hours and should open many fronts in the area and would be ideal to join the opposition because it will have less work if they win. Are we and our politicians are ready for the final entry in the 21 century? We can expect extreme competition. The complex technology that has yet to be adopted. Dynamic global market. Shortages, population decline. Frequent terrorist attacks. Sophisticated Crime and climate risk and expensive energy. This world is already 2015th, extreme future for you will be required, new people, knowledge, skills, party collaboration and wise political leadership. Level of rapid change and complexity which is nearing the world, including Croatia, the picturesque can be explained as to descend on a snowboard from the top of Everest, intense and fast, perhaps even deadly.
 Globally, we expect to enter an era of innovation economy. Signs already exist. A third of U.S. GDP but is based on innovative industries. Information technology has already encouraged two thirds of labor productivity. 2015. innovative industry will dictate the productivity of the workforce. More than a billion people already connected to the internet, and 2015. even three billion will be Online. Nanotechnology industry today generates more than $ 10 billion, and 2015. expected to achieve one billion USD revenue and employ more than one million people. In countries where the penetration of high technology, strong, developing democracy and flourishing economic productivity. Among the ten were najinovacijskih pharmaceutical industry and health, energy, communications technology, transport, security, education, lifelong learning, entertainment and media. How they see us side analysts? They say, do not invest enough in innovation, science and technology.
 Need to protect intellectual property rights, encourage investment and private property, to attract investment. Do not hold your immigration of aliens, do not restrict personal freedom, you need to be protected, do not let that crime has a perspective, look out for terrorism. They warn that the Croatian educational system does not need a leadership capacity and fails to carry out a strategic goal, which is to prepare the workforce for the new situation and future times. Most kindergartens, schools, colleges and other educational institutions do not conform with changes in the market that is more competitive, more complex and more global. Croatian political leadership, which is still struggling with the remnants of communism in the mentality of people, but in his action, lacks the courage to create a national kurikul for the future of our country which will be more soul, more innovation and science, high technology and increased entrepreneurial skills. Children can not learn enough of the past, they should learn how to survive in the extreme future.
 18 Responses to &quot;Are you ready for extreme future?&quot; Comments &quot;Being a former President! | Home | Are we closer to Moscow than Washington? »
 