BURA in parliament Photo: Infopunkt As expected SDP is the first ball sharply Mladen Bajic, who used a dictionary Zoran Milanovic is irresistibly reminiscent of the word football experts for their defeat and the defeat of all the matches that led blaming the opposite side. As an introduction to the debate on the report of Mladen Bajic, accident and neverzano each other, came to the CROATIAN ECONOMISTS, all side by side with the higher wages than the astronauts who walked on the moon, and they, like the SDP and the rest opoerbe, invoke the IMF . But we still like to say &quot;our&quot;. Milanovic about the sport, the Communists Vladimir Seks Seks the speaker urged the state attorney to prosecute finally koministički crimes, and those who survived and were never punished for communist crimes. Which caused laughter in Parliament by the IMF sheep Continued SDP. As we have said, strongly supported the HDZ Mladen Bajic, and their members have the most impact right state prosecutor, however, Milanovic has been strongly opposed to the same public prosecutor and would not support the report by Mladen Bajic.
 In his non-sequitur, a very short speech, Milanovic rekako would not support the report by Mladen Bajic, because of his report can not be treated as if it were an athlete, so that the results of the athlete is evaluated according to the last round. &quot;Sanader is not Superman,&quot; The most interesting, as always, was the biggest censor in the Croats, D. Cain, who did not fail to call the &quot;regime&quot; television, referring to the HTV. After which he addressed the Croatian bishops and the church, accusing the church to deal with communists, saying that they are all accused of &quot;Seven and the Secretary of the Communist Youth League,&quot; Tita, party and so on. Mostly just in the style of Damir Cain. After which the reaction caused Cain Vice Sabnora Jarnjak, when he said that former prime minister can not be to blame for not Superman. - Sanader did everything I could, to lead the country, control the unions, the Croatian Television, to lead the company, upreavljati state, takacv Suparman PM not yet - &quot;said Cain, adding that everyone in this country has the right to a fair trial.
 Cain said that nobody is interested in &quot;domestic violence&quot; which caused a justifiable reaction Djurdja Adlesic. HNS supports the report by Mladen Bajic - Ziskrilo during debate on the report of the Ombudsman that the entire opposition is not standing behind Milanovic and SDP confirmed soon debate the parliamentary representative of HNS, Professor Vesna Pusic praised the work of government lawyers more than it I could and Vladimir Seks. - Congratulations on your work in 2009. year and will support your report - concluded Vesna Pusic. The Parliament is normally at the moment struck during the debate on the report of the Ombudsman, after hearing parliamentarian SDSS, Ratko Gajic, the party whose leader uses Fascist phraseology, reacted replica Zoran Vinković Djakovo Mayor and Member of Parliament until recently the largest opposition party, saying that War did not start the Croats have the Milosevic regime and Yugoslav Chetnik army.
 Regarding Vinković, better late than never. Jarnjak - Buric: Neverthless emerged at the very beginning of the afternoon discussion Parliament on the report of the public prosecutor began his work extremely rough, in fact, the booth on behalf of the caucus HDSSB out Dinko Buric who on several occasions during the hearings broke Vice President Ivan Jarnjak. Apparently because it moved away from the discussion threads, though this is far-fetched interpretation, namely, the issue in the debate are certainly not some individual cases but not SDP, so the matter during its deliberations Vladimir Seks on several occasions mentioned the angry opposition from rivals as Buric and spočitnuo Jarnjak but this did not give the dealer gave opmenu Buric and finally the oduuzeo word that this is not overly respected. Of course, Dinko Buric expected priupitao Mladen Bajic that it is possible that the &quot;wicked and the Chetniks,&quot; Savo Strbac, calls the &quot;Croatian State Attorney&#39;s Office&quot; as a witness in proceedings against the Croatian generals Mirko Norac and Rahim Ademi, he mentioned the regional representative of the party and Slavonian Krunoslav Fehir Bajic and asked how it was possible that &quot;multiple murderers get key witness status when this status can only get someone who is a member of a criminal organization and Fehir was a member of the National Guard and the Army.&quot;
 