How have the opportunity to read a lot of newspaper and various other articles about kickboxing, so often, unfortunately, too often, I have a chance to see how much is written incorrectly. This prompted me to write this article about it and point out a few details. I think it is very important that the first athletes - and kickboksaèi kickboksaèice, and then journalists and sports officials know and use correct names for his sport and its disciplines and use the proper terminology for athletes involved in kickboxing. Here&#39;s how to properly write all of these concepts, so I expect and hope it will and responsible persons in clubs, sports officials, athletes and journalists to use correctly spelled names, because ye in their reporting and communication, would not you then sporting public and the wider circle of readers indicate what it is spelled correctly and how to use the terminology of kickboxing as a sport. So, here&#39;s how to properly use the names: kickboxing (not kickbox, kikboks, kick box, kick boxing, kick boxing - that is, rightly, as one word, no spaces or dashes between) kickboksaè or kickboksaèica (not: kickbokser, or kick boxer - boxer has a cold weapon for striking, and boksaè kickboksaè athletes) kickboksaèka kickboxing event or events (the latter is more correct, but the former is more often used) kickboxing championship, Cup kickboxing, kickboxing competition ...
 when writing the name of the championship then capitalized: Croatian kickboxing championship in the discipline or semi contact kickboxing Croatian Cup semi-contact event, and when writing the text, for example, in the Croatian championship and participated in the Croatian Cup is ... then write a small letter. When we talk about the results of the fight, then someone beat: KO (KO), and the opponent is knockoutiran (although it is not incorrect to write and knockout - the word is already udomaæila in Croatian). When a fighter is knocked down by hitting a referee after the counting is continued fighting then to knock down (KD). Clarification as to knock down and knockout - knock down the shot is, in general, brought down an opponent to the floor, and the term is used for each mightier blow when the fighter significantly so shaken that he lost his balance for a moment or weakened his concentration and defense, and would continue the fight could jeopardize their health.
 The judge interrupted the fight and begins with the counting (loudly and clearly, demonstrating the fingers in front of the eyes fighter who has received a strong blow, one approximately every second number) and if the fighter to recover listed 8 continues to struggle. Recover in this case means to be fully prepared to continue the struggle and make clear to the judge that the fighter is stable, sturdy and focused - as a judge and checks. If the judge determines that numbered 8 (view or review) the fighter was not fully prepared to continue fighting, and that continued fighting could jeopardize the Athlete&#39;s health, the judge continues counting - 9 and 10 and declared the knockout, and ending the fight by KO or TKO. Here are some knockout: - counting - in borilaèkom sports (kickboxing, boxing, Thai boxing and some others) that stronger shocks are still dangerous for a fighter can not be measured by any objective measure or any instrument, because the effect and assessment of severity of impact depends on both opponents - and the strength of a given shot, but èvrstoæi fighter and readiness to accept the swipe veæih without consequences, or without loss of consciousness, balance, loss of concentration and loss of ability to come up with the same intensity and the same willingness to continue to defend and fight.
 When the referee sees that a given, and received follow these characteristics and consequences, he interrupts the fight and the access count, and access to &quot;measure the strength of that impact.&quot; There are no rules, but also somewhat differing practice - the rules say that the judge did &quot;uleti&quot; between the two fighters, raise your hand and show one finger while loudly and clearly say &quot;one&quot; and waiting for the fighter who was dealt a blow to go to the white neutral angle . Only when a fighter in the corner stand still, lowered his hand and not naslanjajuæi be on the ropes or corner of the nose rope, the referee continues counting fingers to indicate number. In practice, judges, merchants in these situations - when it gets such a kick at first they say &quot;stop&quot; and then continue the already opsanom count. When counting, the judge standing in front of a fighter who had received the blow, looking him in the eyes, looks at whether pupils are fighting spread, and whether it is returning to normal, watches and assesses awareness, concentration and willingness fighter.
 If the referee count to 8 and on the basis of the above we observe the counting and examination (èvrstoæa Guard, stability and balance kickboksaèevog steps forward) states that the kickboksaè in those 8 seconds, completely restored, it is ready, sturdy, concentrated on continuing the fight, and able to a full defense, and to continue the fight never gonna threaten their health - then concludes that received no blow so powerful that would weaken a fighter and endanger his health if he continues the fight. This is recorded as a blow to knock down (KD). If the fighter is not ready for counting the 8, then the judge would count off 9 and 10, which means that the blow received was still too strong and that any continuation of the struggle was dangerous for a fighter and has to then knockout. So, counting the judge measured the strength of the blow. - Knockout or knock-out blow to an opponent with whom he kicked out of the fight. After the collision, which was significantly shaken the fighter, the judge interrupted the fight and starts counting as already described above.
 When you count to 10 (about 10 seconds) declared the fight finished and recorded the fight ended by KO or fighter won by KO, and defeated the knockoutiran or knockout. - A classic knockout blow and end the fight when a fighter is knocked down and received a heavy blow, and counted to 10 is not lifted from the floor. An illustrative case is a classical knockout fighter falls when struck &quot;a plank&quot; on the back. Judges merchants in such cases immediately stop the fight, just count 1 and count interrupt and end the fight, call the doctor - then the judge usually announces loudly, &quot;one - stop - doctor&quot; - technical knockout - is the third knock down in combat. Player may receive more powerful blows during a match when the referee counts. In the Third Third knock down or count, the referee does not stop at 8 and does not check the condition of a fighter (regardless of the readiness of fighter who received a kick), already counting down 9:10 a.m. and the struggle within the Technical KO.
 And one more clarification regarding the termination of the struggle: Namely, if a trainer fighter who received a severe blow, for whom it is said that &quot;knock down&quot; and where the judge has - throw towel in a sign of surrender, the judge will not matter to resume normal Counting to the end - to 8, and will check the status of a combatant, or until the end of the 10 (as already described above for counting) and conclude the struggle. If the judge odbrojao to 8 and a review found that the fighter is ready and can continue to fight, then break the fight, sending a fighter in his corner and declared the fight finished, &quot;surrender&quot;. If a fighter was not ready at 8, a judge has already counted up to the end - 9 and 10, then the referee after odbrojao 10, interrupted the fight, sending a fighter in his corner and declared the fight finished, &quot;KO&quot; or &quot;knockout&quot; in the sports book This fighter is recorded knockout fighter and has a ban on training and fighting for a further period of time (months to 6 months, depending on the strength of the knockout).
 And to get back to the primary purpose of this post - how to write properly. The struggle can end: on points or decision of the judges (by points - P), KO (KO) (KO), interruption of the judge (RSC or RSCH), handing the opponent (abbandon - AB), or someone has won no-show opponent (walk ower WO) . When writing about the struggle that gave an opponent, then you should write a &quot;beat Marko Markovic surrender opponent,&quot; Do not be written to the &quot;surrender of the defeated Marko Markovic. The names are written disciplines: semi contact (not semi-contact, semi Contakt or semi contact, in each case separately, no hyphen between) - skraæeno SC, light contact (LC), full contact (FC), low kick (LK) , K1 style rules or the K1 (K1), musical forms (GF) Furthermore, the age groups: children (boys and girls) (Here we do not use male and female, or male and female) - skraæeno D - contestants with 7, 8 and 9 years, young cadets and young girls (Km) - Competitors from 10, 11 and 12 years, the older cadets and senior cadets (Ks) - participants with 13, 14 and 15 years, juniors (J) - with 16 contestants , 17 and 18 years G and H (S) - Competitors from 19 and older, including up to 40 years, veterans and veteran (V) - Competitors from 41 and older, including up to 50 years Well, I hope you&#39;ll write less ubuduæe wrong terminology.
 