Reading the speech of President Josipovića really can not help feeling that altruism is the same interwoven. Only one autistic does not recognize the spirit of optimism that pervaded the speech. Indeed, as it is about Balkan Odi joy. A Josipović became the Western Balkans and Willy Brandt. Ivo is therefore happy. Together with him, this epithet is looking forward to other Croatian citizens. Croats, not really. Because if Josipović Brandt, then Germany Croatia - Croats enough. The backbone Josipovic speech with most booths in Bosnia five days earlier at the invitation of friendship, mutual understanding, cooperation and support in building a free and democratic Bosnia-Herzegovina in Euro-Atlantic society and the pillars of statehood. That in my opinion more important, disclosure is a tribute to the innocent victims. It should welcome the public to say that it really statesmanlike act, which is characterized by good policy, I dare say the Christian spirit.
 Paradoxically, but true. It is easy to see that people are bothered about the speech - presidential advisers. However, the segment of the presidential speech, in which the Ode to Joy Ode unfortunately become abominations reveals why people are so labored. And that should make a clear distinction: to altruism, but not for lies. But now, the whole of Croatian media, political and public elementary public is stupid and can not properly interpret what is Josipovic spinovski segment of his speech, &quot;metaphysical&quot; language without mentioning the name uttered in the name of the Bosnian Croats in the Croatian parliament. To make things more dramatic, and on behalf of the Croats who above all do not share his and his advisers, though, just an opinion. But Ivo is an institution, I guess he knows best what you are there H / nati worked while he was writing the kajdanci. The altruistic wishes and hopes for a better future by returning to the past, expressed in his speech the President of Croatia, reduced to a mere dictionary epitetski, Bosnia and Herzegovina listens for several decades.
 They are living the reality of Bosnia-Herzegovina comes to something like a utopia. But behold, it raises morale. People are gullible. A Josipovic people are now just a whole story wrapped in beautiful paper. And what Herzegovina and Bosnia have so far not heard is what has led to a general social and political confusion in Croatia and the surrounding area - not zavraga speed of light passed through the Croatian media headlines &quot;Josipović Tudjman apologized for their partition. It was stung in the eye. Word of the piece and composing can be interpreted as doing harmony. A law and justice Ivo Josipovic and composer. Without a shred of malice, his compositions - Bosnian symphony as an attempt to create harmony and the harmony of nations and nationalities of Bosnia and Herzegovina and these same nations and nationalities of the neighboring countries of Bosnia and Herzegovina - is based on a lie. Politically, the untruths. Because it&#39;s not an excuse, namely Josipović is just complaining for the Bosnians in Ahmici, a bit less for Krizancevo Croats in the village, is essentially a story about the theater of the absurd.
 Live drama, they would say. And what is a lie? Lying is part of the speech in which Ivo Josipovic really just complain and not be apologizing. It&#39;s part of speech in which the war situation in BiH and its role players in their beach euphemistically mystifying references to policies that are &quot;believed that the solution for Bosnia and Herzegovina - a division.&quot; And that they thereby not mention names. This leaves room Josipović suspicions that they were more equal, and that these policies do not apply only to the main and only reason and the cause of the war in Bosnia - a policy that is Greater / e, led by Milosevic, his Serbian socialists, communists and imperialists. Later in his speech clearly named one of these policies - &quot;I deeply regret that the Republic of Croatia and its policy in the nineties it has contributed.&quot; Greaterserbs and Islamic fundamentalists is not mentioned - aha (!), That, in his later balkanskome campaign is scheduled to meet in the province and with Boris Tadic.
 So he will probably meet before tamp aggression against Bosnia and Herzegovina on the nose. Understandably. That Tadic may not change his mind. He did not want to antagonize either the Bosniaks! This will probably allow him Bosniaks prozovu Grkom who bears gifts. So there is one to say sorry for the crimes and give the innocent victims, and &quot;forgive&quot; the Croats were sentenced to prison for these crimes, and the second is to reduce the guilt of the crime policy in a manner equal distribution of responsibility for the entire Bosnian-Herzegovinian tragedy, as it Josipović done. Josipovic its structurally simplified interpretation of the past, virtually assumed greater responsibility for the entire Croat Bosnian tragedy - war and the horrors of war, the one real responsibility. Without any respect for the principles, facts, chronological sequence of events, character and goals of the event played in Bosnia. Such interpretations of the past is simply not true. Not all are equally responsible for the war in Bosnia.
 Time Josipovic tied Greater aggressor with the politics of Croatia to Bosnia, and practically it indirectly characterize the aggressor and djeliteljskom. Josipovic mudrijanjem will still turn out that in addition to Serbian aggression in Bosnia by Serbian and taking over 70% of BiH in 1992. , Croatia went into the war in Bosnia at the same time while the House took a defensive war, and that Bosniaks until they strengthen the self-organization of the government together with the Croats conquered Bosnia and Herzegovina. Absurd. His thesis on the Croatian political scene 90-ies, Josipović wanted to reinforce the statement that the number of Croats in Bosnia would not be halved that the policy is wrong. And it should stand as an argument to the existence of aggression in character and politics? No ties! The real truth is that most of the Croats, 250 000 of them, forcibly left their homes in the Sava Serbian aggressor in 1992. year. A second wave of emigration of Croats from Bosnia-Herzegovina took place after the Croatian-Muslim conflict, and the third after the Dayton Accords.
 It is obvious that the &quot;fact&quot; that the Croatian policy towards Bosnia nineties most of the Croats and the cost is not a fact, is more fantasy. Speech I Josipovića in the Bosnian parliament, a good deed will be generally welcomed and supported! However, unfortunately for me, Oda mentioned ad nauseam - Josipovićevog speech segment based on arbitrary interpretation of our recent history casts a different light on the altruism of the entire speech. Because the disputed segment of the entire speech, given the political nature of foreign adulation based on the mystification of truth, which lost its importance and not ostvarjuje your goal - launching an avalanche of mutual excuses and laying the foundation for building better bilateral relations. And others just because, due to awareness of the unsustainability of the situation based on falsehood will not accept such a principle and a way of interpreting the past. This Josipovic mystification of truth probably stems from the communist Yugoslav consciousness understanding of the Croatian state, which is grown anational Croatian political power devoid of any understanding of the sense of belonging to the national community.
 Because it is Josipović at the end just a member, albeit informally now, the legal successor of the Communist Party - SDP. What can be said that the altruistic spirit of the speech was just a lubricant to easily penetrate to the core - to discredit the policy of the nineties Croatian, Franjo Tudjman and the HDZ as the &quot;Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow,&quot; a political opponent. Now that the Josipović unprovoked on behalf of Croatian first expressed regret and apologized for the colloquial attempts to divide Bosnia, expected to be before the Bosniaks Serbian president to do the same is pure illusion. Tadic will not do anything like this, much less the Presidency. Or representatives of Bosniaks were also divided Bosnia. Iluzornije than that the only excuse the whole of the international community has tried to divide Bosnia on several occasions: CUTILHEIRO-Carrington, Vance-Owen and Owen-Stoltenberg Plan, to eventually succeed to the Dayton Accords, creating today I actually and practically divided into Serbian and Muslim part.
 Would that all the ornaments on napkins. If Bosnia is to share all sin, why tobožji attempt at sharing the burning of the factual sharing Bosnia? Because of the attempt, here, Josipović &quot;apologized&quot;, though ignoring the truth and making it, in fact, unfounded and irresponsible concession to the main culprits of the Bosnian Herzegovinian tragedy, Serbs, and Bosniaks, taking with them some responsibility for the Bosnian tragedy, it will only give momentum in its relation to gobble Comprehensive Bosnia, where decreased amount of responsibility also means a larger amount of law in BiH. Ivo does not fall far from the tree - an excuse to not Josipović Mesic has continued a policy of &quot;everyone should tell everyone.&quot; Finally, Croatia will be the only underwear downloaded. The logic that Josipovic said that logic is to BiH, should apologize for the aggression committed against Croatian - crazy, right? But the Croatian cities were attacked, shelled and spirituality were destroyed in Bosnia.
 JNA was killing people in Croatia shell was fired from Bosnia. But yes, it was not their war. I just hope there will be no such sinister consciousness of Croatian political elites to such apologize for the slain Serbian reservists and tanks destroyed in Vukovar, or overthrow &quot;Both&quot; JNA aircraft in Sibenik. And maybe one day all be together and apologized for nedijeljenje Bosnia. Who knows. Tweet Related Sites More from this user Tags
 