That has recently arrived in Dubrovnik with 2800 gay cruise ship tourists, perhaps for a year and will not be bizarre news, although news of the 2800 season, guests will always be good. The arrangements on the Internet gays in Croatia like to come to rest, but usually not in the arrangement, travel agencies, but is asking for a good destination for gay portals. - Inters growing. Once I noticed this winter, higher interest gay tourists who are increasingly looking to Istria and the Adriatic, Opatija, Porec, Umag, Pula and Labin recently. Inquiring and Rovinj, but I think that he is no longer &quot;in&quot; as in previous years. In seeking to rural holiday homes or villas. Since winter was told to us by approximately 500-gay tourists, and the rest of them occurred around 150, mostly from Italy, Austria and Slovenia. Our turn gay travel overseas - says Vanja Berc MSc in Tourism, co-owner of one of the Pula agencies. In an average gay tourists stay at least five days, sometimes two weeks and are good consumers and would be a shame, Berc said that Croatia does not use interest in this population, and their abundance is supported by the story of two gay couples from the Netherlands - have hired a boat and from Pule sent along the Adriatic coast and islands, and for the entire 15-day tour spent nearly 10,000 euros.
 Gay population likes a personalized offer, which has space and adventure and a good night out, and tolerant environment. Berc estimates that the total number of tourists in Croatia, about five percent of gay population, which is a respectable figure of 400,000 tourists. Robert pitcher, manager of the Agency for Rural Tourism, says that gay couples prefer rural holiday house with pool and fences. Last year there were a hundred, mostly foreigners who stay in that home for a day and up to 550 euros. But we are rural households have not yet identified as &quot;gay friendly&quot; destination, but not, according to the pitcher, because of hostility, but because of marketing failure. The people of Pula say that gay tourists Istra interesting for about ten years and that is rocky beaches, one of two gay beach, their favorite meeting place. - I&#39;m an old čovik and I do not like. Nudist flight&#39;m already 37 and I&#39;m going to swim naked Kamenjak that others do not mind. But the other day I saw two on the waterfront čovika to hold hands and skiff I came.
 &#39;Who would Such swam beside me, I would have got up and went cha. On this beach a lot of them, and that no lipo for the eyes, not my passion - says 63-year-old Ivan Štebih. Younger people are more tolerant. So 26-year-old from Pula Sanjay had nothing against gays in its vicinity. I do not care what it&#39;s going near it until the limits of decency. They like quiet places Gay activist Dalibor Stanic from &quot;Women&#39;s Room&quot; says that Croatia is still open to gay tourism. - A few years ago it was chase because of Hvar, a favorite gay destination. Now it&#39;s gone, but my friends do not like places that are much discussed in public, and perhaps because Rovinj is no longer attractive. Gay couples usually prefer more peaceful place. It would be good if the number of agencies in Croatia, which will offer tourism, according to their degree because, as tourists are not known for incidents, are good customers and love to travel - say personally cells that avoids the traditional tourism and prefer to rest with relatives.
 Gay portals have so far been mentioned only in Istria Rovinj the Lobby bar, cocktail bar and Zanzibar Monsena camp. There are gay couples freest, but it seems that not too many years the popularity and win other destinations such as Pula and Labin.
 