Author: Jelena Lovric Posted: 06/04/2010 About Polancec story as an isolated phenomenon, but forgetting a small detail: I work as a proof that no exception Polancec Certainly no one knew for jobs Damir Polancec. Because if someone knew something, they would report it - said the Minister Bozidar Kalmeta, pretending to be a man without scruples. Sole cheek. With his reputation would be wise to avoid the debate on criminal affairs. When it is not already replaced, the prime minister had ordered him to at least shut up. For all his sophistry about the fight against corruption acts as a provocation and the government does irreparable harm. Kalmeta statement is counterproductive because the government is obviously a lie prijesnoj. What is convincing as the argument Ivo Sanader that he was arrested Polancec worked behind his back. It turns out that the Croatian Government as fukcionirala corps autism, no one knew nothing, saw nothing.
 Although the policy had its fingers everywhere. Without knowledge of the powerful prime minister, nothing was happening in the country, only, perhaps, the government was different. There are mice led. Unlike Kalmeta, who apparently fell from Mars, the public generally has no doubt that the PM certainly knew what he was doing Polancec, although ministers did not know what is said. But all together they definitely know more than they are now willing to admit. Kalmeta a statement by the Government&#39;s claim because it is harmful to Club members only someone reported that he was aware of his shady dealings of a rough jape sane. As it is widely known that Sanader&#39;s government-sponsored corruption. That the state company used as an ATM machine. That covered up the suspected cases, information hiding, faked the facts, attacking the critics, banned the investigation, the police replaced the heads of the disobedient ... Should I remind you of yet neraspleteno blackout million in Brodosplit or HDZ&#39;s violent suppression of research on military trucks.
 Despite all this, Kalmeta now trying to sell the public prank that Sanader prljavci actually acted as fighters for a clean Croatia: captured the corruption, but, well, is not able to see it. Finally, the statement of affairs known to anyone arrested Club members do not wash their government, but - implicitly exposing the mechanism of its widely publicized anti-corruption campaign - further compromises. When former Kalmeta, financial scandals drilled Deputy Prime represented as an isolated example, paradoxically forgets tiny detail: I work as a living proof that the case Polancec certainly no exception. Because, right-standing in its place are some of the biggest corruption scandals. Its a quart of corpus delicti to be untouchable category, claims against the authorities, still holding firm. Kalmeta praised the government&#39;s fight against corruption are in fact the most serious accusations against Kosor.
 Number of recommendations: 7 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 