The draw was held in Gothenburg group of the World Handball Championship which will be in January 2011. be hosted by Sweden. Croatia is one of the holders of priority, a lot of it is classified in group C which is Denmark, Serbia, Romania, Algeria and Australia. In group B will play defending champion France, Spain, Germany, Tunisia, Bahrain and Egypt, in group B are classified as Iceland, Norway, Austria, Hungary, Brazil and Japan in Group D Poland, Sweden, South Korea, Slovakia, Argentina and Chile. The second round will win the best three teams from each group. Croatian coach Lino Cervar respects opponents: This group is for respect. Denmark is an old enemy with whom we played in Austria and in Beijing, where we got them, but they also win a medal and it deserves the maximum respect. Serbia positively surprised me in qualifying, not bad, rise and Romania. Romanians were eliminated Russia, and thus all I said about them, and we learn them through the qualification for the European Championship in October.
 Algerians are the last African Cup Egypt and hard put not to underestimate, and Australia is an outsider in this group. No matter what, we are well prepared to continue the continuity of success at the World Championships. However, Červar reiterated force Cowboy: Croatia is a team in the last four world championships, and this will be the fifth since playing with this generation, the best in the world. But I wanted to say that we want to continue the success at the world championships as the strongest value of our rugby. The best Croatian handball player Ivano Balic wants to transfer as many points in the second round: Group is serious, not bad. Danes and Serbs are excellent and Romanians. One needs to prepare and get healthy. I think we as a group of favorites in recent years and their results show that we can transfer all the points that we need. In the group that crosses all play hard defense so we have to transfer if possible maximum points because against all these teams will be pretty hard.
 