Panel where the Days of insurance on Monday participated in Zadar CEOs of large insurance companies, HUO and HANFA confirmed that the next year does not look with too much optimism regarding the economic environment, but the insurers agreed in the conclusion to yourself, in this crisis period, and may need to upgrade their industries. As important points below the development of the insurance sector have stressed the increasing financial literacy Croats and the need for greater transparency in the industry. Otherwise, excellently organized and interesting part of the panel revolved around the question &quot;whether insurers will be strong as a bank,&quot; which was set up as a moderator Snjezana Bertoncelj, CEO of Erste insurance VIG and president of the Association of Insurers. Looking at the assets, insurance cover, about 6 percent of total financial sector in Croatia, a bank about 77 percent, and Bertoncelj asked the panel participants, &quot;how security is perceived as a serious and strong industries.
 Had we taken the bank to the fifth or sixth in assets, says Boris Galic, CEO of Allianz Zagreb, but believes that insurers should not be set as to some of the banks should take. Since banks are not much can be learned, among other things, risk management, he says. She disagrees with the time that the conservative insurance industry, but stresses that are less transparent than banks. If we increase the financial literacy of citizens and the transparency of the industry will be a big improvement for our industry, says Gali. Hrvoje Pauković, HUO-director, he said that he must start from scratch and invest in education and marketing to promote the values that insurance provides. On account of the quality of existing education joked Darko Cesar, president of Basler osiguiranja, when he said the few Croats who have not completed education for insurance agents. The question is, however, how much insurance companies will next year be set aside for education and marketing as they do not count on the growth of their sector, and this year they say that with a fall from 2 to 2.5 percent fare well due to poor economic environment.
 Damir Zoric, CEO Euroherc, says he fears 2011th and does not believe that it is possible to have economic growth of 1.5 percent which is based on the budget. We will be conservative in estimates - our industry is likely to be around zero, notes Zoric, which is usually stressed the need for stronger cehovskog morality. For Zdravko Zrinušić, CEO Croatia security, it is essential that the industry itself, together with HUO-om impose order. That means keep the basic operating principles of insurance and to accept and manage risks, said Zrinušić criticizing, among other common examples of the demolition bid for tenders to which the participating insurance companies. After what he said Cesar, his own industry make a criticism, tried to enter some optimism. So actually Galic says insurers have no right to be pessimistic: In this industry can do a lot, can be earned, and we need to bring young and ambitious people.
 Insurance industry in years to come, waiting for the new requirements in terms of risk management in the framework directive on Solvency II, and then came to the agenda the issue of guarantee funds related to the life and non-life insurance. (Lm)
 