so was the parent company of&#39;&#39;philosophical&#39;&#39;libertinski ferment in the development delfičkog, antilajbnicovskog Enlightenment. Venice is Thomas Malthus, and Jeremy Ben tham prepared position for the shot that will give these British political economics and philosophical radicalism around the world. Although the merits of a compulsory winding-up of the implementation of formal odurnog body belonged to Napoleon Bonaparte during his Italian campaign in 179 7th , his actions did not have any sort of performance we wanted. Aj&#39;s&#39;&#39;cancer&#39;&#39;, let&#39;s call it so, but had plenty of time to metastasis - in Geneva, Amsterdam, London and elsewhere kojegdje. So, although the sovereign powers p OLITICAL Venice was eradicated, its characteristic method of teaching Chile continues to live, serving as an incubator for what the twentieth century met as fascism, where Venice was the first in the role of native soil for anti ofašističke production of Wagner and Nietzchea, and later sponsored fascist politicians, such as Gabriele D&#39;Annunzio and Benito Mussolini.
 Venetians have launched a huge campaign and one that was associated with a piece of the plan Parvusovim adanje Russia, and it&#39;s quite possible that they really encourage the start of World War II in the Balkans, it surprised everyone, including himself London. And most importantly, Venice today, through its Foundation and its seems to reverse the European Societe de Culture, design leader and a major staging site for the Club of Rome and Jim sn-related restructuring. Venice is a supra-national homeland of the mafia to like new dark age, which means ujedinilački symbol utopijans will most extreme fanatics in the international intelligence community today. So let us go, then, let&#39;s meet and Venice. And then turned to the monetarist imbecility Paul Volker, the ideological fanaticism that radiates from the Bank of America, from Chase Manhattan, the Bank for International Settlements and other. Will recognize the unmistakable smell of the stinking Venetian canals, where the marble palaces Gnjile generation of parasites corrode the greatest cynicism and cruelty of the world has ever known.
 Sources in the Middle Ages, the Venetians were known as the archetype of parasitism, as di lju that&#39;&#39;neither sow nor reap&#39;&#39;. For the Greeks, they were detested&#39;&#39;swamp frogs&#39;. In Germany, a folk tale describes the Merchant of Venice as prestarjelog Pantaloona that goes around robeći people their hearts and letting their hearts instead of cold stone. Even closer to the essence of Venice is the symbol of the city, the winged lion of St.. Brand, who carries a misleading label Pax Tibi Marce, Evangelista Meus (Peace to you Mark, and my evanđelis). Chimerical winged lion came from the East, from Persia or China. This is thus a striking symbol of the pagan, with Sts. Mark added later due to his visits n avodnog Venetian lagoons. To substantiate this story, and the Venetians stole the body of St.. Mark from Alexandria in Egypt, and Tintoretto, painted a picture that celebrates the heroic deeds. 1 and 2 St. Leo. Brand and Persian (ahmenidski) winged lion is the meaning of what Venice looks to the East, the Levant, Asia Minor, our mid-Asia and the Far East, according to his allies among the Asian and especially among the Chinese oligarchs who were its partners in trade and war.
 This is reflected in the whole scale of those strange, poluorijentalnih venecijans characteristics of male life, including in the eyes of most intrusions excluding, Oriental female status, with the Doges who like Mocenigo proudly show his personal harem, has greatly prejudice in modern times. Venice today lies close to the line that goes from Lubeck to Trieste, has recently de markacijsku line between the countries of NATO and Warsaw Pact nations and groups that Bo corresponds to the border between the Ottoman Empire in the East and of Christianity in the west and, before that, historically, the boundary between Holy Roman and Byzantine Empire. In this
 