Poverty I (or another one on privatization), &quot;Poverty is a social problem&quot; that would solve this problem, we need it to identify and define the first. Absolute poverty (absolute poverty) level is below the poverty that begins and ends above it. Gauges of poverty usually tries to determine the quality and quantity of food, clothing and flat, which is considered poterbnim for a healthy life. It is measured by the price determined by the basic necessities of life, and poverty entails defining the poor as those whose income does not reach that figure. (The concept of absolute poverty was met with serious criticism that is based on the assumption that there are minimum basic needs for all people in all societies.) Relative poverty is measured judgments of a particular society about what is considered decent and acceptable standard and way of life by conventions that currently govern.
 (In a world that is rapidly changing, the definition of poverty based on relative Standars will change constantly. IM Rubinow, &quot;Luxury is converted into the comfort, convenience is pretvatvara of necessity.&quot;) Subjective poverty refers to a sense of their own poverty of an individual or group . The extent of poverty One of the earliest and most research on poverty conducted by Seebohm Rowntree&#39;s, which conducted a survey in York 1899th Determination of the minimum weekly amount needed for families to obtain necessities for a healthy life (the cost for heating and lighting, rent, food, clothing, household and personal things). According to this survey 33% of respondents lived in poverty. Rowentree led the research at York 1936th and found that 18% of respondents living in poverty, a survey 1950th 1.5%. He found that the causes of poverty (from the start because of insufficient salary) change (after the age of the overriding reasons). · Study Brian Abel-Smith and Peter Townsend, entitled The poor and the poorest. (1965) shows that the extent of poverty depends on the concept of poverty that we accept, on the criteria they use, to reduce poverty and to change the reasons for poverty.
 Official statistics in the United States indicate a permanent decline in the number of poor (22% 1959th, 11.6% for 1975.), Which is common in societies where the standard of living in general is growing. Theories of poverty Poverty as a system of positive feedback This theory, known as the theory of poverty &quot;vicious circle&quot;, arguing that different circumstances will combine to keep the poor in poverty. (Substandard food and housing are not cheap, this is the paradox of poverty, poverty is expensive.) Culture of poverty similar circumstances and problems tend to cause similar reactions, and these reactions can develop in culture, it is common and socially learned behavior transferable one group in society (culture of poverty). This theory faces of publication, the criticism is there a general culture of poverty. Situational coercion - an alternative to the culture of poverty NDruga most severe criticism of theories about the culture of poverty has focused on the concept of culture.
 Use of the term culture implies that the behavior of the poor adopted through a process of education in society and, once adopted, resistant to change (implying that the behaviors of the poor in developing value). Situational coercion argument suggests that the poor are ready to change their behavior in response to a series of circumstances, as soon as they removed the constraints of poverty. Poverty and social stratification of both theories are shown, focusing on the circumstances and behavior of the poor. Both want to prove that a situation of poverty, once you consolidate, there is a tendency that itself continues. The theory of positive feedback shows that the different circumstances of poverty reinforce each other and so maintain the system. Culture of poverty theory seeks to show how the situation of poverty in the developing distinctive subcultures, and so renews and continues the system. Stratification theory would have to provide us and the theory of poverty, since poor stratifikacijskih part of the system - the lowest part.
 Poverty - the Marxist view of the Marxist point of view, poverty in a capitalist society can only be understood on the basis of systems of inequality, which is the fruit of the capitalist economy. Poverty - Weberian perspective Weber argues that &quot;class situation&quot; a pojedincaovisi about his &quot;market situation&quot;, the amount of power at its disposal to influence the operation of the market in its favor, and the reward that his skills and expertise can be achieved in a competitive market. &quot;Functions&quot; poverty Herbert J. Gans argues that &quot;poverty is kept alive in part because it is useful to many groups in society.&quot; Poverty is generally used by non-poor, a rich and powerful special. Gans lists the following features of poverty: 1) that the temporary security, besperspektivni, dirty, dangerous and simple tasks to be performed, 2) poverty stavara jobs for a variety of occupations and professions that serve the poor, or protect the rest of the population of them, 3) presence given the poor security and support to other members of society (poverty, helps to confirm the status of those who are not poor).
 Gans concludes that poverty takes &quot;so that many functional alternatives to poverty were completely dysfunctional for the affluent members of society.&quot; Poverty - solutions and ideologies will consider various government measures to deal with poverty and proposals for solving the problems of poverty, along with the ideologies that pervade them. Herbert J. Gans noted that the study of poverty solely by scientists from the middle class, who rezlikuju by class, culture and political power of the people they study. The concept of culture of poverty is exposed to the harsh criticism as a product of middle-class prejudices. From the standpoint of the culture of poverty, the poor themselves are the biggest obstacle to eliminating poverty, the poor must accept the norms and values of the middle class. U.S. authorities in 1964. passed a law on economic opportunities and has established the Office for the economic opportunities for the coordination of measures in the fight against poverty (which has created a series of programs aimed at reforming the poor and remove their alleged shortcomings).
 Seeks to raise the level of education, encourage ambition, motivation, initiative. Direct assistance in the form of remittances to the poor has become the least desirable. The war against poverty is not trying to eradicate poverty by the poor to ensure that sufficient revenues will rise above the poverty line (the goal of that war was not directly provide funds to eliminate poverty, but also create the opportunity for people to rid themselves of poverty). At the end of 1960-by many experts had the impression that the war against poverty has failed, just as poor. Sociologists have increasingly argued that a way out of poverty should be sought within the framework of stratification theory, not a theory of culture of poverty. Miller and P. Roby claim that the very concept of poverty, and the way it illuminates and distinguishes the poor, concealing the true nature of inequality, and in fact proved an obstacle to finding a solution. When poverty is a perceived as a form of inequality, not only as a problem of the poor, the solutions include the restructuring of society as a whole (it can be stated that the main obstacle to eradicating poverty is not the behavior of the poor, but self-interest of rich).
 From the standpoint of the theory of stratification, the problem of poverty involves a change stratifikacijskog system. The United Kingdom Government has not made any dramatic moves, such as war, poverty objasve, but simply intensified some elements of the welfare state &quot;(which failed to reassign the wealth from rich to poor). It simply allocates funds within the social classes, not between them. Kincaid argues that the only solution to the problem of poverty includes &quot;massive redistribution of resources within social classes.&quot; From the Marxist point of view, the official identification of poverty and the attitude towards it can be understood as a means to conceal the true nature of exploitation and oppression; solution to the problem of poverty does not include reform of the welfare system, additional financial assistance or services to those who are defined as poor, but requires a radical change the structure of society ..
 It is obvious that the Marxist conception is based on ideology. Socijolozi who accept it, accept the principles of socialism and equality, believe that capitalism is exploitative system and condemn the inequality that it produces. Excerpts from Introduction to Sociology, Michael Haralambos, Robin Heald, second edition, Globus, ZagrebSiromaštvo I (or we will evaluate the privatization of the Republic) certainly is / will be dominated by themes of poverty / social issues in these RH and poverty (or a view (which follows ) on the privatization of the Republic of Croatia)
 