Battle for Gospic was one of the battles for the strategically important town of Gospic, which was located at an important road and railroad that linked the Croatian north and south. Gospic was represented by a psychological goal, because it was the capital of a Croatian region of Lika Gospic Greater taking to stop another Croatian transport route to the south and would create the condition for taking the Croatian south. About how the battle was difficult and that it was very close to Gospic fall into the hands of Chetniks in 1992. witnessed the then President of the Croatian Parliament, Croatian President later, Stipe Mesić [1]. Contents [edit] Introduction On the eve of the war, the list 1991st Gospic the municipalities were the following ethnic composition: 29 049 inhabitants, of whom 18 613 were Croats, Serbs, 8926, 513 Yugoslavs, and 947 others. In Gospic Serbs during the Yugoslav kept all the important duties of the police, military, economic, political, judiciary and education.
 Croats were subordinated to political and labeled. Introduction to war events in the wider area of Gospic 1991st year was the same as with Vukovar, Pakrac, Petrinja, Drnis and so on. Many Gospic Serbs were members of SDS. For months they were preparing to conquer the city and put it under the control of rebel Serbs. It has already become a common thing that they are able-bodied men were in the morning in the workplace, and in the afternoon they were at Metka trained at the military training area and shooting range, &quot;Vedrine. 26th June, rebel Serbs declared a state of war. On the fifth day of August Chetnik groups from Raduča led by the so-called Chetnik &quot;Duke&quot; Rade Critic took five Lovinčana in an unknown direction. Croatian police found their bodies a week after the railway to Gospic found massacred their bodies. One of those killed had 72 years. Then they attacked the district jail Greater Ljubovo on and after that the Croatian police patrol (Yellow Pool 24th
 August), provoked the citizens on the barricades and the like. Already extremely tense situation began to babble when he called. &quot;JNA&quot; began to play peacemakers by being arbitrarily formed a buffer zone between Greater outlaws and the legitimate bodies of the Croatian authorities. During this time they were in Golubic more months practiced by members of &quot;Martic&#39;s Police&quot; and 25 August 1991. returned to Lički Osik where they established &quot;the Public Security Teslingrad, starting immediately with the arrest and smicati Croats. Croatian forces were the 25th August founded on cattle fairground in Gospic 25th hour National Guard, the backbone of future war troops. [Edit] Rujanska fierce battle for the city at the end of August most of Gospic Serbs skied the property of their dwellings. Although most of them knew that the war saved a wider scale, there are few to give a hint to their Croat neighbors. As soon as you can out of the city, fell for the first mortar missiles (43 Mine [2]) in Gospic.
 They fell on the night of the 29th at 30 August 1991. in 1:14 hours. Such a pattern of withdrawal from Gospic Gospic Serbs have shown before each bombing, because they were informed about their sources bombardments thou their mysterious departure from the town of Gospic were clearly announced that the Croats will be forthcoming attack and the need to remove [2]. Despite their superiority in equipment and weapons they had rebel Serbs and the JNA, Gospićani loyal to the Croatian authorities stopped the Chetnik bands that are naprjedovale. Battlefield established eng. Police, National Guard and the citizens of the Greater she never managed to break through. As a result of the shelling of Greater substantial part of the building burned and part Gospićana was forced to flee to Karlobag. Gospic Gospic Croatian fourth on the map September the 118th established a celebrated Brigade, whose commander was the first Mirko Norac. 5th September the Greater re-shelled Gospic.
 The goal of this attack was of a Highland and adjacent Osik, which are Greater leveled in the attack. Greaterserbs are headed in the infantry attack on the town. Fiercest combat infantry were taking place 10th September 1991. year from the new bridge on a coin to Alarovog hills. That day nearly Greater tanks entered the city. The situation worsened when the Chetniks 13th September Maslenički occupied and bombed a bridge. Since it is so Karlobag faced environment and the real danger of imminent occupation, many residents fled the town. After the fall perušićke barracks 14th September, the image is improved by Croatian troops, it came to weapons. Chetniks your anger iskalili 17th September, when they attacked the Gospic-napalm bombs and grenades. During these ten days is systematically destroying the city JNA firing from positions in the Gospic military barracks. 19th September the barracks surrendered in Gospic. Croatian forces captured 35 Yugoslav army officers, 170 soldiers and 30 civilians.
 Have seized a variety of armored vehicles, guns and foreign weapons. Croatian troops have now had with which to defend. But Greater in the attack destroyed almost the whole Gospic. 65% of buildings were destroyed. With the fall of the last JNA barracks in Gospic, almost all Serbs have left Gospic and there was no mystery of their departures and returns. Chetniks and Yugoslav army are the remaining Serbs in Gospic has since been treated as enemies of the Croats and the Serbian pride and some of them were killed [2]. [Edit] After winning the barracks when the Croatian forces liberated the barracks in Gospic, came in a more favorable strategic position. Already on 21 September unblock villages Lički Ribnik and Bilaj [3]. 25th September Croatian forces tried to break from Gospic in Medak and surrounded Lovinac but failed. Therefore, the lovinački defenders along with 800 civilians out of the village and surrounded by towering heights were withdrawn by the Stari Grad inim free Croatian regions [3].
 The day after the Croatian forces launched a military operation to free-conspicuously bear to unlocking the most important and almost the only high-quality roads through Lika and Gacko Croatian, which connected the north and south [3]. Greaterserbs artillery continued to attack the position of Gospic in Ostrovica. Until 29 September were also destroyed nearly 75% of Gospic. 4th October, Greater attacked Pag bridge. During this time, on nearby occupied areas continued massacres of Croatian civilians. The Chetniks were killing civilians in Lovinac (October 8th), Vaganac (October 9th), CORC, Perušićkoj Kosi, a large tower (October 13), Bukovac (October 16th), Uriah (where the Chetniks November 12 leveled with land 13 house November 12, 1991. [4]), Lika Osik ... Around Gospic Gospic and operated by rebel Serb paramilitary troops and volunteers from Serbia (&quot;White Eagles&quot;), as well as special JNA unit from Nis, who are in their fall and reconnaissance actions killed Croatian population, deliberately trying to cause fear and demoralization villagers loyal to Croatia.
 The Defence Ministry&#39;s documents, for example, noted that the linden knoll inflammation groups Nis specials that are run by local rebel Serbs and then killed 7 Lika, and 2 days later, on Marin hill, a mile away, it broke and executed 3 people [ 5]. Chetniks never stopped attacking Gospic and nearby places. For revenge as the Croatian forces launched a successful campaign in the 16th Divoselo October 19th artillery by Chetnik October 1991. Gospic constantly beaten by 10 hours. For these attacks the Gospic burned in twenty places. Rough estimates suggest that only that day fell on Gospic more than a thousand missiles, and according to some sources, much more. In October, the Croatian forces tried to rid the neighboring villages and Divoselo New Lički Osik. [3]. Greaterserbs Gospic were constantly attacked with mortars, artillery, tanks, and aviation. 2nd November and the third November 1991. was particularly severe attack on the town, when he fell over 1000 rounds, which came true threat to the JNA General Andrew Raseta to do first
 November Gospic be razed to the ground [2]. 16th November 1991. Greater after the shelling and rocketing again started with the invasion of the territory. On that day they sent 200 specially trained soldiers, reservists and the Chetniks for taking the roads Gospic-Karlobag. Croatian forces were rejected by large losses [2]. 17th November at the Divoselo srazile National Guard and 300 Chetniks. Broke into an ambush, was killed by 50-100, and others are trapped [2]. 2 days after the Greater Gospic bombarded with over 1000 missiles from rocket launchers and etc dalekometnog weapons. [Edit] Links [edit] Sources v • d • List of operations in the Croatian Homeland War Battle of Pakrac • Defense airport on the island Zbrojovka • • • Aesthetics Dolac • Battle for the Battle of Gospic • Sr • Battle of the Barracks • Bears • Battle for Drenov Klanac • Battle of Vukovar • Battle of the Split Channel • Battle of Korčula channel • Defenders of Dubrovnik Clippings • 10 • Hurricane &#39;91.
 • Arrows • Whirlwind • Cups • • Baranja Lipanjske dawn Miljevci • Tiger • • • liberated country Konavle Vlaštica • • • Tempest • Maslenica Peruča • Pocket • Cincar • Winter &#39;94. • Jump-1 • Flash • Jump-2 • Summer &#39;95. • Storm • Mistral • Una • Southern Sweep • • Burin Manjinjorgo Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bitka_za_Gospi% C4% 87&quot; Categories: Operations in the war | Gospic
 