The average price per square meters of new apartments sold in Croatia (excluding housing from the POS, the program subsidized housing) in the first six months of this year totaled 11 614 kuna, which is 12.6 percent lower price compared to the same period last year, according to a new report to the State Bureau of Statistics. The largest drop in property prices was also the biggest market - in Zagreb, and in one year was 15.2 percent. But just how uncomfortable the situation unfolding in the real estate market where ruled by the lack of demand and oversupply of flats in Zagreb even shows 11.8-percent fall in prices of new apartments in Zagreb in just six months of this year. How strong is the crisis hitting the property market is seen as compared to average prices in the first six months of this year with the same period in 2008. years before the arrival of real recession. Then, in fact, the average price of sold new apartment in Zagreb was 14 860 kuna, while in the first half of this year was 12 124 kuna, which is 18 percent drop.
 The main reasons for falling prices, which is closely related with the decline in sales, not that banks do not want to extend credit to citizens - in fact they are tightened the conditions for granting loans, but they still issue - but it comes about that in public pessimism about the ruler future, which is why they postponed the decision to purchase the property. said the Business.hr Irhad Meheljić, forensic expert for the building and a member of the Board Grawe property. In addition to pessimism or fear for jobs, people also wait for housing prices fall further before they decide to buy. When you look at the 2007th year, prices were at their peak, and the flats are still selling much more than today. The number of unemployed has not increased so dramatically, but people are now much more pessimistic, says Meheljić. A key role in housing prices and sales, will be played by banks, not investors, says Meheljić. Specifically, banks hamper further price cuts, which would increase sales because they made mortgage loans above the property value, so the question is how to fund the difference.
 We can expect a further decline in property prices in the 2011th year, except a general uncertainty of continued deterioration of economic conditions contributing to political instability, the resignation of Ivo Sanader to the opening of the new scandal, which is why customers are increasingly uncertain about the future and postponed a decision on such investments as krupnoj are buying a flat. Unsold stocks. With this agrees Vedrana Likan, director of Colliers International. Political situation tremendously affects the decisions of end customers. Intense affair and the investigation creates an atmosphere of uncertainty, which is heavily reflected in the real estate market, said Likan. The reasons for the fall in prices should be sought in the fact that only in Zagreb at the moment more than 10,000 unsold new flats. A situation where you have a big drop in demand and supply inevitably leads to falling prices. Much of the current working population at this time lived in great uncertainty about job security and waiting for the resolution of the situation, she added Likan.Budućnost should be viewed with conservative optimism, hoping that the convergence with the EU have a positive impact on the Croatian economy, increased interest from foreign investors and give fresh impetus economy.
 Source / Author: Business.hr Hits: 55 Comments (0) Show / Hide comments Write a comment Show / Hide comment form
 