LATEST - The Government of Croatia in disgrace and should go. It is high time for the elections - the essence of the arguments that Zoran Milanovic on behalf of the SDP in Parliament on Wednesday outlined the reasons for the request to dismiss the Government Kosor. Calling the HDZ &quot;pandemic&quot;, he accused the party Kosor that on it the responsibility for all the corruption in the country. - What is happening in Croatia, is a disgrace. The country has become a hostage of dynastic conflicts in the HDZ, and the party turned into a headquarters for the defense of unclean conscience and termination of all state and legal association with former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader - Milanovic said, listing the government is unable to Croatia, that responsible for the economic depression, that is to blame for not implementing the reforms and deceleration times in the EU, and that he has lost all credibility. . - Against the highest officials of the HDZ and the rise of the indictment, tighten the ring around the practice of a party Croatian. The time has come to this country takes a fair rule that will prevent the root of all corruption from the party and head out to anyone who tries to deal with corruption.
 It&#39;s practice for years - Milanovic said. - And what&#39;s with Bandic - wondered HDZ members, alluding to the fact that Zagreb&#39;s mayor for years been one of the most prominent officials of the SDP and despite the numerous corruption scandals that have plagued his work, and that the SDP is off only when the decided to run for president. You destroyed the town&#39;s finances in Zagreb. This is the best example of how to make your party led Croatia, concluded HDZ representative Goddess Solic. Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor commented on Milanovic&#39;s words to her on her &quot;marketing&quot; the road to Brussels, European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso welcomed the &quot;cold and distant.&quot; - Is inappropriate to tell anyone who is at the heart of the European path. Is U.S. President Barrack Obama thought that the Government of Croatia shame when he invited me to talk about the role of our country in the region? Or U.S. Vice President Joe Biden when we talked about the Croatian path towards the EU, or any other prime ministers of state, to Putin&#39;s onwards - claimed Kosor, directly accusing the SDP that &quot;doing everything to stop the Croatian European path.&quot;
 - It is certain that this debate going in this direction. I stand with a pure heart and pure cheek. Fighting corruption is a program of the HDZ. I invite the SDP to do the same in his backyard, instead of what the minister Karamarko, which is uncompromising fight against corruption, called the špijunčinom - said the Prime Minister, criticizing the Social Democrats because the government nor the one occasion did not provide support for heavy cuts. Milanovic has been criticized because &quot;nesrtljive and immature desire to come to power.&quot; - The parliament can not be tried by the Government. For elections to serve, and they will all ministers meet with head high, proud of what they have done in his term - concluded Kosor, ending a speech with the sentence: &quot;All of Croatia, Croatia, for nothing.&quot; Ivo Sanader has its parliament left the bench shortly after his speech ended SDP president Zoran Milanovic. Seven was informed that the force will be present at the vote of confidence in the Government because of earlier commitments.
 - I think I&#39;ve stayed in Parliament, can hardly imagine that I would vote against the majority of which I created - short Sanader said, stressing that he remains behind what was the &quot;undemocratic&quot; the development of the situation said last week. - What I said the other day remains The key thing, and it is a fight against the phenomenon that I consider undemocratic and unconstitutional, inconsistent with the standards of European democracies - Sanader concluded. KARLOVIĆ SABOLIĆ Marina / Photo: Goran Mehkek / Getty
 