When one third of the population of the country thinks that the environment does not affect their health, a young generation which &quot;the world remains&quot; absolutely no concern for the environment, then this country has a big problem. This is, unfortunately, on Croatia, whose citizens, according to a survey national index of happiness (NIS), an environmentally consciously and unconscious. Specifically, statements related to issues of ecological behavior, one of the components of the index of the nationally representative sample that ensures that affected a significant portion of the population, and which conducts research on a daily basis NIS, are devastating because they speak about the Croats as a nation ecological unconscious. Environmental issues are particularly interested in us, since this component of the index, as shown in Figure 1, a constant decline since the measurements and the prijelomnoj the point of 50 points. Specifically, all under 50 is a negative trend (see methodology NIS). The nature of remembering - and return common component of ecological behavior of the index consists of seven responses that give a general picture of how the Croats refer to the environment (see table 2).
 However, the relatively high level (72.4 points) in the separation of PVC or glass containers, unfortunately, does not mean a high ecological integrity of citizens, but it may be earning from the sale of packaging. Responses indicate that citizens conserve water (86.6 points), but this may be more associated with the costs of water consumption, and not the result of conscientious environmental behavior. Croats are rarely collected and disposed of waste paper in particular (53.6 points), and probably would have done more to have separate containers near their place of residence. The separation of organic from inorganic waste them completely unknown activity (30.8 points), and do not use any energy saving bulbs (36.8 points), presumably because they are more expensive than ordinary. Croats are rarely voluntary nature of pure (27.9 points) because of these actions relatively small or because they require higher opportunity costs for time spent in cleaning. However, the voluntary nature of cleaning was significantly more present in small communities (up to 2000 inhabitants), and prefer to do those between 35-64 years than younger ones.
 Limit Feedback: 2,500 kuna per month in terms of regional environmental conscientiousness Zagreb&#39;s leading in relation to all other regions, although their 56.7 points is not to brag, but najnesvjesniji in Lika, liberated and Baniji (45.8 points). In relation to the size of settlements significantly better attitude towards the ecology of cities are, as expected due to higher levels of education. Surprisingly, senior citizens above 65 years of age, although it should be experienced and wiser, they have significantly less prevalent ecological integrity in relation to all other age groups. Neither the youngest group of persons aged 15 to 24 years of age can not be proud to have developed ecological behavior, which is worrying because it points to deficiencies in your home, but also education in the educational system. Responses showed that women are significantly more use of public transport or bicycles instead of cars, fuel-efficient with water, while men are more involved in the voluntary cleanup of nature.
 Although the conscientious ecological behavior, especially one that causes negligible costs, should not affect income, NIS showed that the level of 2.500,00 kuna of total household incomes lower limit after which reacts ecological integrity. Component ecological behavior is just an insight into the ecological (non) integrity, but can not discern why this is so. Because we are in the NIS set up additional questions about what the Croats who would think they should provide good and healthy environment, affects the state of the environment on their health, how they see the future of Croatian regarding the environment, what impact will it have on them personally and who will be most affected in the future to improve the environmental situation in Croatia. Just the answers to these questions indicated the true dimensions of environmental negligence and unconsciousness. For young people remains the question of who should provide a good and healthy environment for all of us, most of the match: each person (76 percent), government (66 percent) of pollutants (46 percent) and NGOs in the field of environmental protection (40 percent ).
 It is interesting that in the age group of 35-44 years is considered 84 percent of respondents in the age group of 55-64 years 73 percent of respondents, and the ratio lowest in the age group of 15-24 years and is 60 percent. This may lead us to the disturbing conclusion that youth behave &quot;most irresponsible&quot; of all ages, and they want that responsibility to someone else. This result leaves much room for young people through educational programs, both formal and informal, they raise issues of environment, which will then possibly lead to the conscientious and responsible behavior. As we mentioned before there is no direct link between knowledge and action, and it is difficult to assess what could be the impact of different media and how the success of various campaigns to be implemented. The second additional question was &quot;What do you think of how the environment affects your health?&quot;. It was supposed to examine the understanding of complex interactions between humans and the environment through the questioning of knowledge about the effects of the condition and quality of the environment on human health.
 It is quite distressing to see that even a third of respondents thought that the environment has no impact on health and 16 percent could not assess whether there is any effect on health (Figure 2). A quarter of respondents believe that there is partial damage, while one tenth of them considered that the environmental situation in Croatia has a very positive impact on health. Equally large proportion of respondents (about 8 per cent) thought that the environmental situation is very negative impact on health, and partly positive. This result does not differ significantly between different age groups of respondents. Interestingly, 50 percent of the youngest respondents Zagreb thought that environmental quality does not affect their health, while almost 14 percent of young people from the northern Croatian expressed the view that the environment is very negative impact on their health. Most confidence in a positive environmental impact on health of young participants show Slavonia (19 percent) and Dalmatia (18 percent).
 Dangerous uncertainty of the third additional question about the future of the environment, an equal number of citizens said worse, better or the same, and even the 27 percent that could not be estimated. These responses indicate the uncertainty of the respondents in terms of assessment of the future, but the low interest in the subject. Here it is interesting to note that in almost all age groups (except 25-34 years) higher proportion of female respondents assessed how the future will be worse than now. Half of the youngest respondents from Slavonia is convinced that in the future will be worse than now, while in other age groups there are also large differences among regions. Therefore, the majority of Croats do not predict what the environmental impact on them in the future could be (33 percent). That the impact could be very negative or in part is considered 30 percent and 23 percent of them considered that the impact could be partially or very positive.
 The answers to this question again indicate the separation of citizens from this problem, or lack of awareness and uncertainty in estimating future. Technological optimists on the question of what the future will most influence on improving the environmental situation in Croatia, people respond, &quot;effective enforcement of legal regulations in the field of environmental protection&quot; (43 percent), followed by &quot;changes in individual behavior that is acceptable for the environment&quot; (28 percent), &quot;the adoption of legal regulations in the field of environmental protection&quot; (14 percent), while the lowest assessed contribution to the &quot;new, environmentally sound technologies&quot; (8 percent). The research has shown that the so-called. &quot;Technological optimists&quot; at least willing to change their behavior towards the environment, therefore we can conclude that there is still a large proportion of the population that can be affected to the conscientious and responsible behavior toward the environment - education, social norms and institutions, and financial incentives / penalties.
 Comprehensive Research of the National happiness index, please read the Bank for October
 