Funds ahead Arguments such as &quot;Whoever entered the EU, did not seek to come out of it&quot; is clearly not fascinated by Croatian citizens. In contrast frazerskom eurooptimizmu, Eurosceptics, however, his antibruxellesku campaign based on fear of losing the cheese and sour cream. In contrast to the rhetoric of &quot;pro et contra&quot; the EU-inspired propaganda, demagogy optimistic or pessimistic heroic epics, the facts are not so black and white. I&#39;ll definitely bring positive membership in the EU? The first answer could be mathematically exact: 2.2 billion euros for 2012. and 2013. year! It is waiting for us from the Cohesion Fund and the EU Structural Funds for the investment incentives provided to become an EU member but not later than January 2012. year. The amount of 2.2 billion euros, twenty times higher than the level of support he now receives as Croatian Pre-Accession Assistance (IPA). Those 2.2 billion euros was mainly intended for large: the railway and transport infrastructure, inland waterways, ports as well as numerous environmental projects.
 EU warrant significant investment momentum since then, Croatia will be a country where in force laws that guarantee the safety and protection of investments. For example, Bulgaria since 1998. until 2006. recorded increase in gross domestic product by four percent, that by joining the EU on 1 January 2007. GDP continued to grow at a rate of 5.8 percent (Romania, however, even at the rate of GDP of 7 percent). The principle of free movement of capital and labor will open a huge market of Croats in the 27 member states, the total area of 4.3 million square kilometers, where 560 million people live. Each will be capable of working Croat, therefore, increase their chances of entering the market by the largest territory 77 times larger than the Croatian, and 127 times larger in population. Undoubtedly, one of the biggest will benefit youth who will be joining the EU to achieve a high mobility of studying at European universities, and thus enhance the competitiveness of the huge market.
 European student exchange program &quot;Erasmus&quot;, since the establishment of 1987th to date, has funded training two million young people across Europe who were educated outside of their country, and the aim is that this figure by 2012. grows to three million. Last academic year as part of the &quot;Erasmus&quot; abroad have studied nearly 200,000 Croatian students. Reducing public debt introduction of the euro as the national currency will be a big benefit for Croatia, not from the symbolic, but very specific reasons of financial stability. It will take us, in fact, make the following criteria: high degree of price stability - inflation rate should be higher than the 1.5 percent inflation rate in the first three countries with the most stable prices, the reduction of excessive public debt (to 60% of GDP) and the budget deficit (up to 3% of GDP), while the average nominal long-term interest rates must not be more than 2% in interest rates three EU countries with lowest inflation.
 On the other hand, fans of traditional state sovereignty will have to come to terms with the fact that Tudjman&#39;s slogan &quot;We Croatia&quot; does not mean that everything in our hands. From foreign policy moves that will harmonize with the EU foreign and security policy (remember ZERP), to a number of olive trees, goats and grapevines, will depend on &quot;what babi She dreamed of,&quot; but on the strict criteria laid down in Brussels. According to announcements, wine, wine sales in Croatia will be reduced by 50 percent by eliminating the black market. Despite the expected increase of investment and GDP growth should not expect rapid growth in living standards and income because the economic effects of membership najporije reflected in a reduction in unemployment (in Bulgaria, for example, membership in three years the number of unemployed dropped by 20 percent, but the Bulgarians continue go to developed countries fortune). Croats at least the first five years of EU membership will not feel the direct economic effects on the personal standard of living.
 The biggest negative impact of EU membership will feel the 15 000 employees in the shipbuilding industry, farmers, and then part of civil servants. Croatia leads the world in shipbuilding subsidy where in the past six years waterless 6.8 billion. Thanks to this portion of state aid in GDP is more than three percent, the European record. Agricultural turn left almost half of all subsidies string budget (only 2.5 billion last year). These subsidies benefit 120 000 family farms. Entering the EU, the spin state closes. Real estate prices, especially those at sea, joining the EU in znanto will grow and become more difficult available to Croatian citizens. Will increase and prices of housing, electricity, gas (statutory duty on gas!) And water, which will monitor the growth of wages. Macro International Capital will buy the most valuable resources in Croatia and we will work in their country mainly for foreigners.
 As already back loans to banks that are 95 percent foreign owned. Thus, throughout the EU and Croatia will be no exception. Croatian language will be formally one of the official languages of the European Union, but in a life practice to become the national language is insufficient for future generations who are preparing to tržšte work. In the EU, the conglomerate of 560 million people in the Croatian language would speak only 0.79 percent of Europeans (ie Croats). Without knowing at least one, usually English, but nowadays, especially with EU accession, will be almost impossible to find employment in secondary and tertiary sectors. SENOL SELIMOVIĆ
 