In mid-September on the website izravno.com published a distinctive analysis of mainstream politics in Croatia after the death of the first Croatian president, in which special attention is attracted by claims of decisive influence at the Croatian politics in the background, hidden from the public center of power - so that the text deserves serious review, even if only partial. In this text - which are listed as authors of Icom and boats, or editorial site izravno.com and probably editorial website Hrvati AMAC (Croatian web portal - as I represent - &quot;brings together former students and friends of the Croatian universities and Croatian intellectuals around the world in the interests of the Croatian state &quot;) - among other states that have overcome the criteria for support of the international community in taking the most important political office after the death of the first Croatian president. The paper argues that the main role on behalf of the international community played a former U.S. ambassador to Croatia and that he had somehow installed the successors of the first Croatian president as head of state and head of a leading Croatian political party.
 According to this article, the U.S. ambassador to set a criterion that someone could be &quot;American&quot; candidate for president of the Croatian positive response to his question: &quot;Are you willing to publicly renounce the policies of Franjo Tudjman?&quot; Also, according to statements in the text, the U.S. Ambassador interviewed eight Croatian politicians as potential candidates for the first man leading Croatian political party that chose him that he was willing to respond positively to the following three questions: &quot;Are you ready to retire from the Croatian diaspora? Are you ready to leave the Croatians in Bosnia? Are you ready to form a coalition with a party Croatian Serbs? &quot;The author or authors do not write the text on which the sources cited in the text data on such activities of the American ambassador to Croatia. 0 just such criteria to support candidates for such an important function in Croatian politics, and every reader the possibility remains that I have the right to assess the credibility of these data.
 However, the development of political situation in the decade after the death of the first Croatian president has confirmed that the official Croatian policy adhered to today and respects these criteria. As to a successor in function of the president really has come a politician who has not only renounced the first Croatian president than it is in many ways (especially the infamous process was biased publication of selected transcripts from the Office of the President) tried to compromise and dilute its state-building policy. Moreover, public opinion and even the entire Croatian society has imposed so. Tudjmanize which, inter alia, the relative importance of the independence and sovereignty of the Croatian state, not only relative but also largely criminalized Defense and Homeland War, which the Croatian people deepens the rift and historical divide, particularly those from World War II and after the war ... Also, when it comes to official policy of the leading Croatian political party, it is obvious that she not only complied with the criteria outlined for the first man of the party than just these criteria, and oživotvorila.
 Regarding the removal of official state policy of Croatian Croatian diaspora permanent indicator of the same attitude and treatment towards Croats born outside the Croatian as to any person requesting the Croatian citizenship of any ethnicity, a culmination of this process were the last of the constitutional changes that have drastically reduced the ability to influence Croatian diaspora in Croatia. With regard to other criteria - leaving the Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina - except constitutional amendments, among other things, a clear indication of what the official Croatian policy on any international forum or not taken as part of an attempt to impose one hundred questions for the return of displaced Croats to their homes in Bosnia and Herzegovina, what was taken and is taking Serbia when it comes to the return of Serbs to Croatia. As for the coalition with the Serbian political parties, everyone is obviously not just that there really is such a coalition, but that Croatia, due to the coalition supports and pays even some Serbian projects that are essentially anti-Croat.
 However, implementation of these criteria - which judging by the many developments in Croatia today are by no means the only - does not necessarily mean that they &quot;inflicted&quot; in the text mentioned or not mentioned in the international community. Specifically, the big question is why should the international community (whatever that really means) or the United States just above criteria were most important. Some influential countries certainly have their interests in respect of every country in the world, including Croatian, and this is of course legitimate, but neither may be more likely to be one of his interests towards Croatia exhausted at just the above criteria. Specifically, in Croatia, as in other states created on the territory of the former federal state, there are political forces that can not be reconciled with the existence of an independent Croatian state - and bothered every Croatian statehood. These forces can not be reconciled with the existence of a strong, složnog, incorporating the Croatian people and do not shrink from any new instrumentaliziranja Croatian Serbs.
 Are not these forces created the above criteria and to comply with only part of the international community, the official Croatian policy dutifully recorded them and continue to realize? While in Croatia going Tudjmanize, conscious and systematic removal of the Croatian diaspora, neglecting the fate of the Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina and in coalition with the Serbian political parties at the expense of Croatian interests, inevitably raises the question: Whose interests of promoting the official Croatian government policy? John Miklenić Voice Council
 