Why is football so much blackness, we asked the HNS president Vlatko Markovic-in Rusanovoj. - If such things happened only in sport, it would be good. With us the custom of all the possible humiliation and pametovanje. Do not take me wrong, and your house is sent to us by Mr. Robin Bokšić &quot;a gift&quot;. For me, they certainly should have three days to get rid of everything without any problems. He called me the editor of Spiegel from Germany to come, I said &quot;Do not be angry, we have no interest in global sensation. Your are cleared, we got a man who cheated on you, and Fifu Uefu. He was referring to us, but we made a big thing when we discovered it. &quot; It came as a representative of UEFA, and not the Sports News. - It is deliberately launched to make newspapers have things to write about. Therefore, in some Bokšić UEFA lose your head because they cut Markovic and head when he arrived. We just came out in Nyon with arguments and questions - gentlemen, what say? He immediately went apology.
 Unrelated Boksic, have you ever suspected that in Croatia there were spoofing? - No. Oh, what! No doubt, neither knew nor saw. If I had sensed something, and I reacted, then surely I could be 12 years at the helm of the Alliance. Of course it would intervene immediately if I ever had the information. Turncoat and the police would be deployed immediately. Why real scandal? Maybe because they interfere with Vlatko Markovic and the entire Executive Committee. This is what it says and works counter HNS is shameful. If other companies were just like us, we would be happiest in the world. We are one of the best organizations in the country, with the highest payrolls. So, go for a fourth term as head of CFF? - I must admit that I was terribly surprised when the Executive Committee demanded that I decide now, this gesture touched me, even though there&#39;s still time to the Assembly. I must say that we are smiling biggest sponsorship deal to date.
 From abroad. It is a multi-million euros. Surely we have the funds to build a camp in Tuhlju, then we will have more sports facilities throughout Croatia, Dalmatia, only the plan 4-5, and we have to think about Istria, and Slavonia. You accepted the nomination. - Yes, but I see that the various vultures surrounded the house of football. We would like to alight somewhere here. Igor Stimac is the main candidate for a new president. - Capable of that function could only be Zvonimir Boban and Davor Suker. For others, I do not know ... A Stimac? - About him, I said nothing. I underestimated him as a rival? - I do not care. President Hajduk Svaguša recently you called. You did not answer him anything. - It&#39;s not my level. Seek your resignation. - For Hajduk I gave a lot more than most of them there. I was a coach White. No doubt, I dinamovac, but that I love and Hajduk, and I helped him, it is illusory to talk about.
 How do we reconcile the Croatian football? Split erected a storm? - It&#39;s a shame they did not just concentrate on football rather than the creation of an evil. Had they at least have the strength to get the Rusanov, or to invite us to himself ... How will it be solved household problem of representation? - In Zagreb, Croatia welcomed as a holy mass. I would be glad to do so is in Split. I think on this already works in Hajduk. The team owned by Croatian and not HNS. Do not forget, there are our famous Leila said that all matches should be played in Zagreb. It happened after the meeting with Spain (0:0), when they whistled at every touch of the ball. Especially Dinamo. Ask them if it is true. The Maksimir is completely matter who is where, every national team player shout. Finally, do not decide Vlatko Markovic, nor the Executive Committee, but coaching staff and players. Holds just the players. I think I&#39;ve said it all.
 Is it true that the government actually Mami HNS? - Whatever Mami! Smoke and stories. Write to the FC became a real club bringing Vahid Halilhodzic. The basis of stability in the Maksimir have always been coaches. I tell you that Dinamo and Hajduk actually have very good relations. I saw a message on the derby, although I was not at the game. Know who can write. She stressed her Torcida. - It is paid slogans. From whom? - I do not care. sportske.jutarnji.hr
 