Croatia - Miscellaneous In Zadar on Thursday, the first time in Croatia, presented a study that predicts Croatian territorial division into seven regions. Presentation of the study, prepared by the team of the Zagreb Institute of Economics, attended by representatives of relevant ministries and governors from all over the Croatian, who also held a session of the Executive Board of the Croatian Association of Counties. -The Croatian government and the ministry of preparing the territorial reorganization, and after this presentation the following months, followed by discussions - said the president of the Croatian Association of Counties and the Prefect of Vukovar-Sirmium Bozo Galic. Dr. Dubravka Jurlina Alibegović from the Institute of Economics said that there is political will to carry out the decentralization process which the Government has adopted guidelines in July and in September established a working committee. - Croatia has a highly centralized country in which the public fire service only public function that is completely decentralized.
 However, it is not enough to implement the decentralization itself is purpose. Each resident must be in focus, after a restructuring has better public services and better living conditions - said Jurlina Alibegović, gave details of the current devastating situation: income taxes constitute 70 percent of county revenues, while 55 percent of all revenues to local governments. Without the help of the state are unable to work. Although the development activities of counties should be a major task for the counties that do not remain the funds, because literally half of the budget spent on financing of the local government. - That is the task of regions to encourage regional and local development, but for it to be primarily financial, personnel and qualified. We want to have an effective local government. Financial resources, good organization and capable staff are the requirements - said Jurlina Alibegović. The proposal for the improvement of methods of financing regional governments in the study was first set up the introduction of blanks.
 DIVISION OF CROATIAN into seven regions.
 Region Dalmatia is composed of 4 counties: Zadar, Sibenik-Knin, Split-Dalmatia and Dubrovnik-Neretva.
 LIKA REGION consists of Lika-Senj county.
 Region Istria, Primorje and Gorski Kotar consists of 2 counties: Istria and Primorje-Gorski.
 The region of Slavonia consists of 4 counties: Brod-Posavina, Osijek-Baranja, Pozega-Slavonia, Vukovar-Sirmium.
 Zagreb region consists of the City of Zagreb and Zagreb County.
 REGION MEĐIMURJE, PODRAVINA and West Slavonia is composed of 4 counties: Koprivnica-križevačka, Bjelovar-bilogorska, Međimurska and Virovitica-Cooperative.
 REGION OF NORTHWESTERN AND CENTRAL CROATIA composed of 4 counties: Krapina-Zagorje, Varazdin, Karlovac and Nelson Source: Slobodna Dalmacija Tweet comments Search Only registered users can write comments! Powered by! JoomlaComment 4.0 beta2
 