It seems that the Hypo Alpe Adria Group, which is now owned by the Austrian government, is slowly recovering from the endless speculation of her previous administration, led by Wolfgang Kulterer who currently sits in Klagenfurt on remand. In fact, one of many controversial Hypo Investment Bank in Istria could soon begin to stagger the bank to make a profit. Marina Novigrad, whose construction was financed by Hypo bank loans worth 22 million euros, yesterday&#39;s decision by the Croatian Government is left to the management of Bank of Carinthia. The dispute over the concession was made because the original builder of the marina, the firm Civitas Nova, bankrupt, and the whole story came to Austrian Harald Fischl. The former waiter has become in the nineties, as they say, a prominent businessman, thanks to his connections with the late ultradesničarom Jörg Haider, and today is a member of his party Alliance for Austria&#39;s Future.
 He has since failed firm Civitas Nova bought the share at the marina, as claimed, and accused the Croatian government adopted the &#39;political decision&#39;, which will seek review in court. Hypo Bank in turn is trying to collect their loans invested in the construction of the marina, which has 400 seats pristanišnih, and within which there is a luxury hotel Nautica. Fischl and Hypo will try to arrange to avoid the court, the joint management of the marina, but is unlikely to be successful, given the long conflict which eventually ruled the Croatian government. Therefore, the Austrian government will have to deal with a mysterious offer rich Greek Vasileios Xeniadisa, who offered her a 1.35 billion euros to buy the whole bank Hypo! At first Xenadis only offered 400 million euros, but in summer it offers has grown to a billion, and is now even more. Xenaidis otherwise engaged in transportation of oil, and the headquarters of his company in the Greek Piraeus.
 Initial interest in the Greek billionaire referred to the numerous yachts, airplanes, golf courses and castles of Hypo Bank, but now just wants the whole bank, it does not bother the Hypo Bank is sitting on four billion euros of bad loans. Xenaidis is convinced that Hypo has a future and will not close the branch banks in southeastern Europe, where the most spread. The Austrian government has started the verification of this offer, a billionaire Xenaidis announces that at its meeting in Vienna may occur within three hours. One of the controversy about possible sale of Hypo Bank of Greece is a rich man and the fact that it is suspected that the bank could be used for money laundering, which garnered the dubious dealings with the oil. If it is indeed so, then Xenaidis chose to buy the right bank.
 