Number 551 Tags: Zeljko Komsic Release Date: 08.07.2010. Written by: Emir Imamovic Pirke Sarajevo lawyer Zeljko Komsic was his term as Croatian member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina began verbal gafom. - Can I talk to know &quot;thousands&quot;, &quot;January&quot; and the rest, but I will not - he said. But that did not derive linguistic acrobatics, the attitude of the Croatian parties and their voters to him - and visokopopularnom high-ranking member of the SDP BiH, a former member of the BiH Army received a Golden Lily, and later the Bosnian embassy in Belgrade - would not have changed much. For the Croatian right-wing Croat Komsic tailored Bosniaks, and among Muslim nationalists viewed it as a person which demonstrates the Croats who is superior, at least in the Federation. The Serbs were the fan Željezničara measures rude Sarajevo, ready to tell Boris Tadic to remove your fingers from BiH. The cabinet which holds the image of Josip Broz Tito, Komsic told us about his Croatianism and his anti-fascism, which will not give up no matter what the cost.
 Sporting terms, Zeljko Komsic is nonetheless the first favorite for the member of BiH Presidency and the forthcoming general elections scheduled for the beginning of October. Almost four years have passed since you elected a member of the Presidency, as they say, among the Croatian people: from then on your political opponents, especially those from parties with Croatian prefix, say they have legitimacy, but have no legitimacy for the function they are performing. Would this theory be translated into understandable language? - Need to ask for a translation of those who say that. Joking aside, it is clear what they think the Croats as well, did not choose Komsic. However, such can only say: if Zeljko Komsic biggest problem of Bosnian Croats, then they are the happiest people in Europe! BiH Constitution on how the election of members of the Presidency says something else, and they complained that we took part as individuals or followers of certain political options in the drafting of the Dayton agreement, so I do not know why they accepted what we have today, or why they have not changed.
 Then, as I am and I got the birth, which I have gained legitimacy. I&#39;m still interested in where the share certificates for these hrvatstvo, that I sign up: who knows, maybe I am the best! Some find anything in which I acted against national interests of Croats - but national interests, not the interests of certain political options. Wrong way of some Croatian parties at the end, and I am in the SDP, because I think the political options, among other things, do not work in the interests of their peoples. My human, moral, political or any other obligation is to represent Bosnia and Herzegovina and all the people who live in it. This is my interpretation of the Constitution and the same conclusion by anyone who read it carefully: it says that members of the Presidency, a Serb, Bosniak and Croat representatives and not exclusive of any collectivity. Also, the way elections are conducted through entities. And if we are honest, I have the legality and legitimacy: I was elected legally, we give legitimacy to an election database, and to the Federation of BiH.
 Franjo Topic, president of CCS, &quot;Progress&quot;, in a recent newspaper article claimed that Croats in Bosnia are better off than the other two nations. To comment on this thesis? - I spoke with Mr. Topici on the subject before the publication of the text: he is primarily referring to the economic situation. It does not matter whether I agree with him or not, we must be honest and when we talk about people, watch what kind of rights who is institutionally. The fact that the constitutional mechanism does not provide what the Croats are Serbs in the Republic of Serbian entity, although we should not forget that there are Serbs in the Federation where they were discriminated against as a nation, while Croats in the Federation do not have the safeguards and due to their small numbers. This is something that, if we are to seriously engage this country, we need to change. The path advocated by some parties with Croatian sign is wrong: is based on the search for pieces of territory, which would be exercised constitutional rights of the Croats, which leads to a situation in which the Serbs in the Federation.
 The same would be, would be realized if the requirements of people like Dragan Covic, president of the HDZ BiH Croats occurred outside the federal units. The situation seems complicated, but can be easily solved if one wants to honestly talk: Bosnia and Herzegovina belongs to us as members of collectives, as well as individual citizens, and all must be equal, regardless of where they live in the territory of which the issue. Of course, this ultimately means the weakening of entity structure, strengthening the central government levels and introduction of parity and proportional systems at lower levels. ZAVNOBiH many of these things are regulated, but abandoned the concept of the end of the last century, partly because the political situation and the heightened atmosphere that is all that the Communists did badly, although we see that just was not so bad. We are stuck with the constitutional and political inequalities in terms of collectives, individuals and the functioning of the state, which is now a monster with over-consumption and no effect, we are stuck in the process of making important decisions for the future ... Do you agree with the assessment that some of your reactions may not be in accordance with your position? In case of arrest Ejup Ganic - in London and a warrant issued by Serbia - they&#39;re loud and furious, and in case of fan riots in Siroki Brijeg - where the Sarajevo fans clashed with the locals - you&#39;re much milder reaction to the Vice-President Mirsad Kebo went to Herzegovina a mission that looked like a war prisoner exchange? - Since the beginning of the disorder in Herzegovina, I was regularly informed.
 I think that Mirsad Kebo went there with the best intentions. But in politics, as in everything, it is true that the road to hell is paved with best intentions: in the end we have the situation that was ethnically get hooligan problem. EHD is giving a collective picture of everything not you as a member of the Croatian Presidency should react differently? In the majority of the local Bosnian atmosphere created by the public that the blame for all Croats in Siroki Brijeg, which were all Ustasha? - EHD of these collective benefits to all files: one due to fan riots can accuse an entire people, and yet it Ustashism label? And what does it mean today? Football and follow and love, but we do some things in the sport for a long time did not like. Sport is not the place to prove nationality and can not understand how and when the sport yarn in ethnic conflict. It is true that I am in such situations, very careful, because it will not happen to me that the best intentions do even more damage.
 And it happened in Siroki Brijeg ... should let the police and prosecutors to do their job, even when what snap! Entry politicians Širokobriješka round showed how everything can turn out wrong. As you already experienced a failed initiative to suspend the pluralism among the Bosnian Croats to all parties with a national sign had a candidate for election to the presidency with the task and aim to defeat you? - Take care, and one-mindedness never anybody did not bring anything good. Especially in multinational states. Regardless of who will be at this point in the next term or later, is an important way of responding to problems and awareness of the consequences. No matter how demagogic sounded, I am convinced that the best way for this country - that will be a painstaking and tedious - democracy, the choice between several options. And of all people in BiH can be heard as advocating a kind of tightness, seeking a new leader, some sort of a new Tito.
 People should be given the option to choose, so whatever it was, and as an option. Thesis that you mentioned are something that you absolutely do not agree, because involve the imposition of opinion. This country does not need leaders, but people will have something to do with equal responsibility for their people, other nations, his country, and even their children, in the end. The imposition of political will can only work one time - after all the break as in Yugoslavia. Is the President of the Croatian Ivo Josipovic &quot;klackao&quot; (to use your term) when he visits the places of suffering in Bosnia and the killing fields of victims of the Ustasha terror, went on Blajburg? - Very hard for me to give a direct answer, given where I am: honest, that I be where I am, I would much more directly commented on some things. People who lead other countries, especially neighboring and friendly, I must protect the dignity. When I was on the anniversary of the battle of Neretva, they asked me if I want to go to Blajburg.
 I responded that my point here, I have chosen! Mr. Josipovic is based on some of their assessments did what he did. Of course, I know that the Blajburgu in this act of revenge, was a lot of innocent victims, but - to put it Stjepan Mesic - ask yourself how it happened, what was before Blajburga. If you are honest with yourself and the past, every event should be viewed in the context of the time in which it occurred. It is normal that I&#39;m against anyone found guilty without trial, and, especially, to get people killed. No one no one gave it right. But we can not ignore what was before. Josipovic, otherwise, it shows a lot of courage, and what the consequences will be, we&#39;ll see. I&#39;m willing to bear the consequences of his choice to be on the Neretva River, and human and moral and political. Mesic is undoubtedly a friend of BiH can you assess the relationship between the Croatian president Mesic&#39;s age policy towards Bosnia and Zagreb, from the arrival of Ivo Josipovic? - President is undoubtedly a friend of BiH.
 I know that it is experiencing in different parts of the country, especially in the Serbian Republic, but he is not an enemy of any people here. Finally, the last station was stopped for lunch in the RS and had no problems. He even once and never sinned against, regardless of the constellations on the Croatian political scene and the composition of the government which is dominated by the creation of foreign policy. Now we have new relationships, tandem-Josipović Kosor us gives hope that we will solve the problems between our two countries, regardless of whether or sharer simpatišemo not simpatišemo. I Josipović and I are members of the SDP, but it is for me first Croatian President, as I am primarily a member of the Presidency, and expect to resolve specific disputes, even though I know the constitutional position of the Croatian President and the powers of government Kosor. We can be members of the SDP as much as we want, but if we do not solve the quality of our relationships, to me no other choice but to defend the interests of BiH.
 So, expect to resolve the issue of borders, bridge, property rights and the status of the port of Ploce. Then we&#39;ll be cool to hang out as members of the SDP. If we do not solve problems of fair, honest to tell you, we will pokrpiti, because the closeness of the party line can only serve to work more efficiently. Recently, a newspaper reported that on your initiative in the dynamic investigations in the case of liquidation and disappearance of the body bugojanskih group of Croats during the last war. Do you think the error about not enough or loud enough, to inform the public? - Not important my initiative, but the institutions that support it should work: I am neither the investigating authority, neither the prosecutor nor the judge. Presidency has a specific structure, and each of the three of us have in the cabinet and liaison officers with the tribunal in The Hague. Everyone has to work from my office to the police authority, I said that, as I&#39;m concerned, until the end of forcing everyone who is guilty of war crimes.
 The position that I can do more when it comes to crimes against Croats and I want to do something! Particularly in the case that hangs over some form of conspiracy, like this one in Bugojno. Speaking with authority, I said to insist that it be finally find bodies and people provide dignified burial. However, I spoke only about the crimes against Croats, but also the crimes against Bosniaks and crimes against the Serbs. People from my office who have these powers work and will work on the cases of all crimes. Who is using whom here: water leaders of nations and their leaders a base or bases? In political rhetoric, even the later practice, is undergoing a mass, warmed to low passions, firing up platitudes ... - It&#39;s nothing unusual for BiH, and the tools of political struggle. The question is how to identify voters. Demagoguery and populism have in each country, but the key is in how society responds. Well, here in our country upside down: the primary one is a negative motivator, especially if you have more and some historical injustice.
 We, unfortunately, we do not have leaders who are able to say I&#39;m not here to tell you what you want to hear, but to do what I need to do. But so sorry to us, politics is a seesaw. We in the SDP, we thought about it, if necessary, burn a generation of politicians, but to introduce new rules of political communication and all that ensues from it.
 