It is not known as the village dumbbell in novotravničkoj council was named, but was first mentioned in Defter from 1528/29, in the nahija Lašva. From the list defter see that in the village of Muslim households were 7 and 3 unmarried, then 11 Christian Heritage House 2, a revenue izosili ački 1414. In 1568th Bučica were recorded in 37 Muslim heritage house with unmarried 5:04 a.m. Christian, everything home with heritage, and to the 1604th number of Muslim houses increased to 48, a number of Christian dropped to two. The description of the Bosnian feudal landlords from 1711th years that have gone to war against Russia was mentioned and some Mehmed Ćatib (scribe) Bosnian Defterdar dumbbell in the village where he had zijamet who had brought revenue of 22 150 shares. Late 18 Century (1788th year) Bučić are part of the Travnik district. Bučić mentioned twice in the Travnik sindžilima. Both were linked to mention a list of legacy after death Kovačević Ivan, son of Matthias 1836th
 years and Stephen, son of John the 1873rd year. The village had their possessions and bey family Muderizovića and Alagic. The village still exist their towers that have suffered a series of changes. Muderizovići settled in Travnik from Donji Vakuf, where they were called Kuric. Have migrated in the early last century, partly in Sarajevo, and the other to Constantinople. Their serfs in Bučica were some Davidovic. Members of this family have dealt with the treatment of twisted limbs and broken bones. This skill and knowledge is transferred from father to son. Particularly interesting personality from this family was a Mijo Davidovic, who lived in the 20th Ages. He even cured by a patient who is cured and set up an arm or leg would not accept money or gifts, but he was left to the goodwill that came one day to dig or mow. Otherwise it always had in the barn, with 30 cargo Proho by yielding ones in the case of the suffering or manages shared neighbors and the surrounding villages to free the seeds.
 Kula Mederizovića in Bučica was on two floors with a projecting balcony on the top floor. The foundations have been her stone and wood floors. Today, from this tower has been preserved in authentic form only a stone cellar, which consists of two rooms among which were subsequently broken neck. In the basement of the five original window. The roof was her four-link of shingles. The tower is basically a rectangle (dimensions 10x12m), a rare case in Bosnia, because the base is usually square. The tower in each case had the function of housing and defensive character, but the resulting house of this rich family of Travnik. Unfortunately, it suffered more drastic changes so that the lost monumental importance. Alagići received the surname of some algae, and formerly were called Beganovic. This Alaga was a neighbor of the famous Mehmed Ekica travničkog Nalbant and often sitting with him in his shop, he learned from him potkivački craft and trained in the treatment of some livestock diseases.
 Kula his family, which is located on top of the village Bučica also had the same fate as Muderizovičevića. Suffered many changes and everything else except the ground has changed in the last 50-odd years when it was sold Alagići Jakica Sliskovic. From Jakica Slišković bought Antonio Marin who still lives in it. Unlike Muderizovićeve these towers had been built solely of stone and had two floors. Today there is only one floor. The windows have been on her crescent, and all were manufactured after World War II. Alagići in it lived only in the summer by calling the tower to be seen in conditionally, because in principle it was the only outing house. Speaking of housing arhiktekture mention that the oldest house in Bučica Mande smoothly on Immer, but unfortunately in a state of ruin. They told me that through a field below the village led to an old road near bučićkog Rakes and that was a part-time Bugojno, Travnik, and it is called.
 Hena time. In ecclesiastical Bučić the 1856th became an independent parish, a new parish center was in Balic. For the patron saint of the parish church which is located in the village of St. Balic was elected. Martin. The parish church and the apartment were initially smješteniu native home of Fr. Maria Sunjic which he presents the church with only one condition that the monastery in Guca Gora obligation to support his sister Hannah to end her life. When the miniature dimensions shown in tjesnom time pastorate. Stjepan Lucic-Jablanović was built a new parish house 1866th year. Let us mention in passing that there are opinions that Fr. Stjepo Lucic-Jablanović one of the best painters of the Franciscan, and in particular his successful image of the Blessed Virgin and autoprtret made of ivory. At the time župnokovanja Fr. Ante Tuzlančića Bučica in the church and built the first school on the basis of decisions of the church board of the Franciscan Province of Bosna Argentina, brought in the King Sutjeska.
 The first teacher in this school was the chaplain, Fr. Milo Ilijašević. The very fact that this early in our working conditions and created this school can be explained that many Bučićani move on and through trade, gained wealth and prestige, especially in Travnik. In Bučica was born 7.1.1798. The Bishop, Fr. Marijan Šunjić. Initial Sciences has ended in Bosnia, then in Hungary, Rome and Bologna. Among his Franciscan brothers in particular stood out in philosophy and theology. He spoke almost all major European languages, Turkish and Persian served as the mother. Paper is more work and among other remarkable &quot;Life of St. Bishop, Fr. Augustine Miletića. He picked up the monastery in Guca Gora. When he died, Viennese nuncio said he was one of the first bishops of the Catholic Church of his time. . In 1846, became a provincial 1854th Bosnian bishop. Died 28.9.1860. in Vienna. Cost Strossmayer, his body was balzamovano and transferred to the monastery church in Guca Gora.
 The list for the 1879th one can see that Bučić towns and villages that belong to them: Balic, Budušići, Bugojčići, Čakić, Chekhov Deep Priblovići, Rankovic and Stojkovic. In Bučica then there were 28 houses in which lived 258 inhabitants (many have had in the municipality of bučićkoj Bučica-Balice 281, 176 and Chekhov Rankovic 170 inhabitants). According to the census in 1910. years shows that the number of houses increased by 4 and to a total of 32, but with somewhat smaller population, 153 With the same number of houses as 1910, welcomed the first postwar Bučić list 1948th year, but with a much larger number of residents of 204, I&#39;d census 1971st in 82 households lived 452 inhabitants. (Muhammad Kreševljaković: &quot;Villages of Novi Travnik)
 