I turned on CNN and has just passed an advertisement for Montenegrin tourism. In the video a young girl, brunette with sticks in hand, fairy bells, I guess, flying over the coast in a red dress. It is she who creates from Montenegro magnificent scenery. Each cast her. Finally we see another young girl, blond, in the seat on the beach, as there is little sun, a bit in the shade, as it seems to me, because the sun is not healthy-no exposure, just as a source of vitamin D. Then after that followed Advertising For Macedonia, this time we see the monasteries, and then was followed by notification of a favorable tax system and incentives if you invest directly in this country. So was the announcement of sport-Phil Mickelson won the Masters, and we&#39;ve seen on the Internet today for example, to be there in Augusta can eat a sandwich, I guess this is written, for a dollar and fifty cents. He said one child to behold as they enjoy a small price.
 Then there was the advertisement for Azerbaijan, so they write it, and its beauty and at the end of a young girl in white dress Prosetala beach. Then was the announcement of elections in Britain-Parliament was dissolved today, a new will after the election, the first time to meet 18th May. I&#39;ve thought of, relating to the sandwich up to the Lord Sandwich, invented the sandwich when he came to my mind that he could put meat into bread, or between the bread because he was doing on my nerves always carry with you all, on a picnic, plate , forks and knives and all when he was serving workers. Story goes something like this, but that it was invented by Lord Sandwich, is. When I was at a dinner party in England, one person said that the only contribution to British gastronomy cuisine world-eto sandwich called so, by last name of English lord. Then I remembered that sandwich the auto-road Zagreb-Split, Zagreb and Split, is three p.m. kuna, a little better, by name, although it should look for ingredients, microscopic and where the cheese, it does not, so we can then thought it was more than a dollar and fifty cents.
 Palo is my heart that I&#39;m bad with this lipama, I still call or pennies or cents-a day, a seller, I&#39;m sorry you do not have these thirty pence, here you kuna and she looks at me, but not just any zacudeno I guess she is used at all. With such a place, and the sandwich fifteen kuna, it is not surprising. And people here like to take commissions and bribes, so say various reports. Too bad that you do not like to leave a good tip for Services Rendered-see, do not go. I look a little, no one leaves anything waitress, a woman working for a sandwich, or for six, seven sandwiches a day&#39;s, now I have a slight exaggeration, where I learned to count? To get back to tip-left 15 Americans, 20 percent, in principle. Journalists immediately went to check how much is left Obama when he was with the Lord on a romantic night-say it was more than 20 percent. Each cast. I leave the tip, though as the bon-ton of women should not.
 But this is ridiculous, when women pay, women need to leave. Coffee, if well done, never eight, nine, etc, it is always more when I am paying. If not well done, bring them back, so look for another. When it comes to coffee, and I am concerned it is best to make me a good-we all benefit. Break-USA is a commercial for-Austrian company that looks like flying out of Vienna, 120 destinations. Emersson Well, that solves everything. So far the DIFC, for business and investment opportunities-to the Dubai International Financial Center. Now CNN advertises itself, and now it&#39;s 19:18 in Hong Kong, there is one of their headquarters and broadcast it from there, the Nuclear Security Summit in Washington. Here&#39;s Obama&#39;s story. Where do I fit it in-tipping. So is eating, do not leave, I look at myself. So if you go on a pizza, for instance, and she, say again, is 100 kuna with drinks for two, which is susnuti retail side, the waiter, and he was up to the task, and great pizza! Nothing.
 It is about leaving, is not it? Those who come out every day and pay, but the frequency of them should not be a problem. Those who go out very rarely, and then planned, so there are a dollar more, planned, I guess. They say that democracy is about trust. Here are commercials-for Greece and its tourism-from Greece it all began, they say in the video, here&#39;s more, a real experience-true experience, in the original. Now once again Hong Kong and world time with Maria Ramos, the Rapporteur-time where she was originally not know, but Spanish in origin. Again, democracy and trust between people is one of the best variables that go along with democracy-maximal trust, the greater the likelihood of democracy, and what greater democracy, greater confidence. Go hand in hand, now I come here-&quot;like four Staduna. Goran Karan &quot;The Sea&quot; - a terrible song, top, &quot;.... I still remember those days when our bodies are caressed the foam of its waves ....( I sing you this, true) ..
 Then we were children we were commercials .....&quot; Again-this time for South Africa, the World Cup. It can be up to 1000 pounds, the British say, to rent the whole house and even get there, ticket paid. E does not know They only speak about it, and the election, here they dissolved the parliament, again watching on CNN. Now the main news, such as: British Elections-queen dissolve parliament, Brown published manifesto, Poland, Italy, Thailand, Nuclear Summit. I remembered that it was crazy when Blair won the elections, that it was euphoria after 18 years of accident, they called the period until then so my friends and I celebrated with them there, and they drank, dear God, if I can . Here Sudan voice says anchorica-here&#39;s my English-Croatian words now, and there are allegations of irregularities. So here&#39;s me again on the relationship of democracy and trust between people. if you read the political and sociological literature you will find, for example, the data that is Brazil, the rate of trust among the peoples of several percentage points, to five, and in Norway about 60 percent or more.
 Then you will come to your mind that Norway is rich, poor and Brazil. Then you think that is because no one in misery no one believes in wealth, it is. But then the author to control the economic development that will compare countries at a similar stage of economic development and you will see that regardless of the same income-has the time to write for a Russian CEO, an aluminum conglomerate, the story on CNN and major differences among these countries. Then you will say that it is not income variable that explains the ..... Here&#39;s a commercial for Croatia! Here it is! Istria, wine. Peljesac-Dalmatia, a journey into the heart of Croatia! Great, lived Dingac! I do not see it really. Where is Dingac? The British last cried-Dingac! Dingac!, Really. Memories, again. When will lunch? Done. Now it&#39;s business friendly Bahrain and Hong Kong again. Continuation-income variable that is explained by trust, but sees this-religion! Catholic countries, as well as Muslim, regardless of income, low confidence, Protestant, Confucian, regardless of income, great confidence.
 They say that religion is less important, so why then? They say that this is because religion becomes part of the culture, and when no longer relevant, because the long-term-culture, can not be changed quickly. And the impact in the way of social organization that is from a religious organization that can be centralized-Catholic, and decentralized-any other, has transferred to the ways of understanding and organization of societies. Transferred to the theoretical understanding of individual and consequently its practical, earned a role in society-freedom vs. subjection. I was never that subjection when supposedly voluntarily did not in fact natural, so that it develops as a defensive philosophy of mistrust, frustration from the authority, and humiliated. -And then you play it, by those who are near, or by their subordinates, but when you are not free. I also develop a mistrust, distrust, mistrust. And now it occurred to me that Croatia is one of najcentraliziranijih state.
 I watch CNN and I still do not be afraid-again about Mickelson, whose wife has breast cancer, and her mother also. Well a little about the Tiger-in. We watched the Masters, my husband and I do not miss-there were several eagle&#39;s incredible. Again English-Croatian. I did not want to bet on Mickelson, but there is no such lottery Croatian. Do not go on the golf course, could they lose that because someone would hit, and Odo&#39;s must be higher because a lot of them compete. There would be a risk, but where is the risk, there should be a business, but hey, hey. Am I not learned nothing, that the business is in fact the risk-free in this region, by size, I think-because you still larger, it&#39;s closer to the furnace. Bake it! What? Buttocks, and not good for health because the rise in skin cancer, and it is that CNN cares. Tiger spoof the following on CNN, comedian made a spoof on the advertisement for the Nike Tiger, where his father, who passed away, used for his latest adventure. Two hours and I have to finish.
 Just to see what the next ... Advertising for the South Africa-the ups and downs, the big names of football, the Japanese are happy, Inside Africa, Desmond Tutu, and wines from South Africa, here&#39;s tip vibrating moment, and smells that this is sorta .... Now the picture from Ozaloscena Polish, and again on mourning, on the train-Google Earth takes us to Italy, so the reporter Marco, I picked surname, Corriere della Sera. O more ... I still remember those days ... A full hour, the main news again-parliamentary elections. PS - Call a few minutes ago, man: Lado, who the hell are you, di stick you saw in the video for Montenegrin tourism? But it has no women? Is not it Zvoncica villa? There is no wand, you did so. There is only that it removes one red dress, and to remain in their underwear-you have to behold! Why do not you write it? I have not seen, really, I totally missed, I did not notice. Who do you mantas? Oh no, and Manta, it is true.
 E I&#39;m just that and zapamtija, the things that have escaped. A well. I saw the stick, stick Zvoncici villas. (Laughter. sided.) - I read that the Daily News suggested Sprajc Minister Milinovic for alternate models, if you butt kicked out of spots, and the minister replied that he was happy &quot;model to promote healthy living.&quot; Yes, but ... Minister does not wear a shirt on their promotions, he was naked in the pictures, there is no upper clothing, I do not know if he missed it. Or maybe not? If he has not missed the message here is not me-no, absolutely not at all handsome. If he missed that goal, I ask him to wear a shirt. At least it can do. Others can not be fixed-he, he. -13.04.2010. Kacunko Don said, on the buttocks in the video for Croatian tourism, the blame for all-gay lobby that promotes butt in Croatia. From now on, if you ever came across his statements or if I comment, please note that I call him-a secret agent of her Majesty, now the female.
 It will be enough. I do not know whether you know, unrelated, but in his (he, he-whose?) Finally I heard the saying, I guess, &quot;Woman without a boob and ass, to the village-school.&quot; With these pastors, Croatian women, nothing can save us, in any sense. Aaaaaaaaa! Help! -13.04.2010. I have seen our advertising, this new one. With or without her buttocks, the catastrophic-conceptual, creative and production. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA! (Incidentally, the woman who sits in the Montenegrin commercial is not blonde, I am told by those who were closely watched. Well. The woman who flies is brunette, not a fairy, but the brunette siren reminded the same. Good.)
 