The results of the survey results where the PM? 376 visitors voted to return to vote With regular statistical reports, for example, Eurostat has recently published data on prices of food, beverages and tobacco in 37 European countries last year, while Raiffeisen Consulting movement of salaries in eight regional countries in the Croatian environment. And although on the basis of published data still can not make conclusions about how the population of some countries went through a crisis and recession, however, are discernible trends that will confirm or deny the information on this and early next year when it is expected that all or almost all European countries in the region and resume economic development. Crisis fate, according to published data on the past and in the first half of this year, Croatian citizens are generally divided &quot;crisis destiny&quot; of the population its regional neighbors. In Croatia, the net salary in the last year and the first half of this year remained the same or at least grow as it has generally been the case in neighboring countries.
 Thus, in Croatia and Bosnia since 2008. to May this year the average net wage rose by 20-odd euros in Slovenia, and Montenegro for the 50-odd euros in Macedonia for the &quot;whole&quot; 65 euros. Average net wages in that period fell only in Serbian (-55 EUR), Hungary (-14 euros) and Romania (-6 euros). Besides the fall in average net earnings, Serbia, Hungary and Romania in common is that they confront a crisis and recession with the help of the IMF, a condition for getting its soft loans to maintain the stability of national finances was a two-year freeze pensions and salaries in the public sector, and reduce them if the freeze was not enough. In these countries expect that they will pay cut crisis back in good postrecesijskom period. They hope, however, that due to lower labor costs will be more attractive for foreign investment to the region in which all count as the generators of their postkriznog economic upswing.
 In addition, as a majority of net earnings stagnated in the neighborhood, Croatian net earnings of its height were kept convincing second place in the region, behind Slovenia, much like the Croatian GDP per capita 2008th He was just behind Slovenia. Croatian GDP per capita is almost identical to the Hungarian, Croatian and wages are substantially higher than the Hungarian. Lower wages - lower prices at the same time Eurostat data on prices of food, beverages and tobacco (includes about 500 products) show that the price of Croatian and Slovenian side by side to move around the average level of prices in the European Union (plus / minus 10 percent, except tobacco). And in other countries in the region cost of food, beverages and tobacco followed by the amount of average net wages - where wages are lower and the price level is lower. Serbia, Macedonia and Romania have the lowest average net salary, but they and the cost of food, beverages and tobacco lowest in the region and are generally one third lower than the European average.
 Hungary, Bosnia, Montenegro and the price level of food, beverages and tobacco, as is the case with earnings, are situated between the Slovenian and Croatian. The price level of food and beverages varies widely between individual EU member states so that those most expensive in the 2009th was even twice as high as the cheapest, published by Eurostat. Denmark, for example, 40 percent more expensive than the average of 27 EU member states because it had the highest rates in 2009. year. With 30 percent higher prices than the European average and were Ireland, Finland, Luxembourg, Austria, Belgium, Germany and France, while Italy, Cyprus, Sweden and Greece were only 10 percent above average. Countries with cheaper prices for food and drinks were 10 percent less than the average in the Netherlands, Spain, Slovenia and Portugal. As expected, the cheapest country were the new EU members - Poland, Romania and Bulgaria, where the price of 30 to 40 percent lower than average.
 It is interesting that tobacco and cigarettes, the most expensive in Ireland, even 217 percent higher than the EU average.
 