Extract from the minutes of meetings of the Council of the Law Faculty in Zagreb - 31 March 2010. Ad.2. Gives approval is dean of the Faculty of depositing the funds available in the faculty amounts to HRK 3,000,000.00, with terms as the dynamics of inflows and spending. ad. 3 Removal and appointment of committee members and the Board of the Faculty of Law, University of Zagreb for the academic year 2009/10. and 2010/11.: a) Committee for the awards, social recognition and awards Prof. PhD. Ivo Josipovic be relieved of duties of the commission. Prof. PhD. Branko Smerdel appointed member of the committee. b) The Committee for Excellence students Prof. PhD. Nikoleta Radionov dismissed from the office of the president and members of the committee. Prof. PhD. Iris Goldner Lang is appointed a member and President of the Commission. Assoc. Nina Tepes appointed member of the committee.
 c) The Committee for the university the right to refer Prof. PhD. Ivo Josipovic dismissed from the office of the President and members of the committee. Prof. PhD. Fundamental appointed a member and President of the Commission. d) The Committee for books and textbooks Prof. Ph.D. Igor Gliha dismissed from the office of the President and members of the committee. Prof. PhD. Nikoleta Radionov, a member of the commission, appointed by the President of the Commission. Assoc. Sasha Niksic appointed member of the committee. Ad 8 Prof. PhD. Vjekoslav Milicic extend the contract for the academic 2010/2011. year. ad. 9th Prof. PhD. Biljana Kostadinov, associate professor, is elected in the academic profession and the regular teacher position in the scientific field of social sciences, the field of law, the scientific branch of constitutional law. The case is referred to the University Senate with a proposal to approve this choice. ad.10. Prof.
 PhD. William Bouček, associate professor, is elected in the academic profession and the position of full professor in the scientific field of social sciences, the field of law, the scientific branch of private international law. The case is referred to the University Senate with a proposal to approve this choice. 11th ad Dr. sc. Gordana Berc, Senior Assistant, choose the academic profession and the position of assistant professor in the scientific field of social sciences, the field of social services, branch specific fields of social work, for a period of five years. Subject to the Council of socio-humanistic fields with a proposal to approve this choice. ad. 12th Dr. sc. May Laklija, meets the statutory conditions for a scientist research associate and conditions of the Rectors&#39; Conference selection in academic title of assistant professor. We suggest that the field committee, PhD. May Laklija chooses the scientific status of a scientific collaborator.
 13th ad Assoc. Lana Mužinić, meets the prescribed requirements for the selection of scientific and senior research associate and conditions of the Rectors&#39; Conference for the selection of the academic title of associate professor (title). We suggest that the field committee doc. PhD. Article Mužinić chooses the scientific title of senior research associate (title). ad. 14th Filip Hameršak, elected assistant to the associate degree in the field of social sciences in the field right, branch history of law and government, the Department of History of Croatian law and the state. 15th ad Dr. sc. Nella Lonza meets the prescribed requirements for the selection of scientific and senior research associate and conditions of the Rectors&#39; Conference for the selection of the academic title of associate professor (title). We suggest that the field committee, PhD. Nella Lonza selects the scientific title of senior research associate (title).
 ad.16. Announced a tender for the selection of a teacher in the academic title of assistant professor in the scientific field of social sciences in the field of law, branch family law, the department of family law. The expert committee for an opinion in the electoral procedure shall be appointed: prof. PhD. Dubravka Bold, Professor in the scientific field of law, the scientific branch of family law, prof. PhD. Aleksandra Korac Novak, Professor in the scientific field of law, the scientific branch of family law, prof. Mira Alinčić emeritus, retired Professor in the scientific field of law, the scientific branch of family law. ad.17. Prof. PhD. Sigmar Stadlmeier, Professor, is appointed a member of the selection committee an employee in the academic title of full professor in the scientific field of social sciences in the field of law, the scientific branch of the European Public Law at the Department of European public law, rather than BA.
 PhD. Hope Bodiroga-Vukobrat. ad.18. The expert committee for an opinion in the election process, two employees in a cooperative of research assistant in the scientific field of social sciences in the field of law, a trading branch of science and the right companies at the Department for the Law Faculty of Economics, University of Zagreb, has been appointed: prof. PhD. Petar Miladin, an associate professor in the scientific field of social sciences in the field of law, the scientific branch of commercial law and company law, doc. Dr. sc.Nina Tepes, an assistant professor in the scientific field of social sciences in the field of law, branch private international law, Professor. PhD. Hana Horak, associate professor in the scientific field of social sciences in the field of law, the scientific branch of commercial law and company law. 19th ad Gives consent to: mr. sc. Jadranka South, Renata Košir Skračić, Mirjana Magud, Zeljko Pajalić, Marini Parać Garma, Duro Sessa and Renata Santek to participate in teaching activities of family law in academic.
 vol. 2009/2010. ad. 20th Giving the consent: Koraljka Bumci, Sinisa Plešeu and Diana Pervan to participate in teaching activities of the Criminal Procedural Law in the summer academic semester. vol. 2009/2010. ad. 21st Gives consent to associates to participate in teaching activities of the subject Business and social rights. In carrying out exercises in the summer semester of the academic 2009/10. year will be: Kresimir Rozman, Elijah Tadic, Inga Zic, mr. sc. Maria Zuber, Iris Gović, Darko Milke. ad.22. It gives the consent of Professor. PhD. Davorin Lapaš and mr. sc. Trpimira Mihaelu Šošić to participate in the teaching of the subject theory and practice of international law academic. vol. 2009/2010. at the College of International Relations and Diplomacy. ad. 23rd a) The report on evaluation of PhD thesis. sc. Teresa Rogić Lugarić entitled &quot;Development trends of financing large Croatian cities.
 Appointed an expert committee to defend a doctoral dissertation in composition: prof. PhD. Hrvoje Arbutina, prof. PhD. Jure Simovic, prof. PhD. Zeljko Pavic. b) The report on evaluation of PhD thesis. sc. Viktor Gotovca entitled &quot;Health insurance - Social aspects. Appointed an expert committee to defend a doctoral dissertation in composition: prof. PhD. Anton Ravn, prof. PhD. Zeljko Potočnjak, doc. PhD. John Grgurev c) The report on evaluation of PhD thesis. sc. Bartol Letica, entitled &quot;A comparative analysis of corporate social responsibility at the United Nations, the European Union and the United States.&quot; Appointed an expert committee to defend a doctoral dissertation in composition: prof. PhD. John Koprić, prof. PhD. Uroš Dujšin, prof. PhD. Mladen Vedris. ad. 24th a) is appointed an expert committee to review the PhD thesis.
 sc. George Gardašević entitled &quot;Restrictions on human rights and fundamental freedoms in emergencies&quot; included: Prof. PhD. Arsen Bacic, Professor. PhD. Branko Smerdel, prof. PhD. Biljana Kostadinov, b) is appointed an expert committee to review the PhD thesis. spec Jadranka Zoric, entitled &quot;Theoretical basis of the evaluation process of juvenile offenders&quot; included: Prof. PhD. Marina Ajduković, prof. PhD. Davor Derenčinović, prof. PhD. Slavko Kljaić. c) is appointed an expert committee to review the doctoral dissertation Marine Milic Babic, entitled &quot;Social support, parent and child characteristics as determinants of parenting experience&quot; consisted of: Professor. PhD. Kristina Urbanc, prof. PhD. Ninoslava Pećno, prof. PhD. Joseph Jankovic ad. 25th a) MSc. Zorislav Caleb approved the theme of the doctoral dissertation, entitled &quot;Adhesion of resolving property claims in criminal proceedings.&quot;
 For mentors in his doctoral dissertation, appointed prof. PhD. Mihajlo Dika. b) Roman Matanovac Vuckovic participants doctoral studies in civil science and science of family approved the theme of the doctoral dissertation titled &quot;The transfer and license the trademark in the context of adjustment of Croatian law of the European.&quot; To mentor the doctoral dissertation is appointed professor. PhD. Igor Gliha. ad. 26th a) is appointed an expert committee to review the application threads PhD thesis. sc. Damir Brnetić titled &quot;Competition crimes and offenses with elements of violence&quot; in the composition: prof. emeritus Zeljko Horvat, prof. PhD. Davor Derenčinović, doc. PhD. Ivičević Elizabeth Karas, b) is appointed an expert committee to review applications doctoral dissertation Francis Stanicic entitled &quot;Development of the institute of expropriation in Croatia&quot;, composed of: prof. PhD. Clear Omejec, prof.
 PhD. Dragan Medvedović, doc. PhD. Mark Sikic, b) is appointed an expert committee to review the application threads PhD thesis. sc. Marko Ivkovic, entitled &quot;Defence of a joint stock company from a hostile takeover,&quot; composed of prof. PhD. Petar Miladin, FCA Jaksa Barbic, doc. PhD. Hrvoje Markovinović c) is appointed an expert committee to review applications doctoral dissertation Hana Ernst, entitled &quot;Functionalism in mobilijarnom insurance claims,&quot; consisting of: prof. PhD. Igor Gliha, prof. PhD. Fundamental, prof. Emeritus Nicholas Gavella ad. 27th MSc. Ani Keglević approves the extension of paid leave to 31 August 2010. years because of scientific training at the Max-Planck-Institut für ausländisches und internationales Privatrecht in Hamburg. ad. 28th Article written by Goran Jutriša entitled &quot;State responsibility under the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide,&quot; is recognized as a graduate thesis.
 