Boris Orešić / 01.06.2010. 10:50:30 While the Croatian delegation surprised that girls from Feminema failed to enter either the Final Eurovision Song Contest in Oslo, theorists light notes speak of an angry struggle between the so-called zakulisnoj. Viking, Warsaw and the Balkan clan I really do not know who to send to Eurovision. Kings of the street year before entering the finals, and now three beautiful girls with a great song even though they have failed in Oslo were all delighted with them and stood on the great bookmakers. I was awful sorry, and then I saw the head of the Swedish delegation - the man wanted to kill as it was sad when they fell, &quot;says Aleksandar Kostadinov on his return to Zagreb on Sunday night. For 10-odd years, Croatia, if they break through to the final, Eurovision contest finishes among the last. The choice of songs and go to Eurovision every year spends more than two million, and the results are more than skinny.
 Whether Croatia will soon withdraw from the Eurovision Song Contest as well as Italy, which is considered a musical superpower, but after winning the Zagreb Toto Cotugno 1990th did not register significant success so offended stop sending their representatives? It is worth mentioning the names of the Croatian Cup Europe flowery music so much money when you win does not make the song rather than lobbying and sharing rate among neighbors? The only Croatian Eurovision winner Emilija Kokic, who with Riva 1989th performed under the Yugoslav flag, recalls that just as well represented in Italy, then a big star Ana Oxa. &quot;I thought you do not have the chance to win because I&#39;m only a year earlier for the first time in my life in hand held microphone. We were not in any clan, for us, no one has lobbied for, but we had a great song which proved to be most important. All other theories consider an insult, &quot;says Emily who thinks that regardless of the bad results, Croatia continues to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest.
 &quot;I told Aci not to grieve. We had a good song and a great misfortune that we competed in a much more difficult group, &quot;comments the former first lady of the Eurovision Song Contest in Croatia, a retired iron lady HTV Ksenija Urličić. Reveals the secret of why Croatia is 90-ies in this competition, while she was head of the delegation, won a high position in this century - not to go, so do not go. &quot;In every job is important to lobby for good, not even the Eurovision Song Contest is not no exception. I was dangerous lobistica. I was very important to animate the diaspora, so I put a lot of effort to make friends with the representatives of the Croatian Catholic Mission in Europe. You know what our people in the Diaspora - every Sunday go to church and what they say monk at the altar, they are the law. And I tried them after the Mass, saying that the monk does not complain about those few euros, and to call and vote for Croatia. I did all the cards put on the neighbors but I tried to gain favor with heads of delegations of countries that are before us and gave a lot of points like Malta.
 I spoke with many people, drank coffee and ate a bunch of countless lunch. As my wife was not easy to lobby because I sometimes fool myself really worked. Russians&#39;m so in their language recited Ljermontova, &quot;laughs the story Ksenija Urličić who believes that the Balkans lobby at Eurovision is not exactly compact, as it seems. &quot;The key is to have a good song and superior by some in my time was Tonci Huljić, who had a sense of marketing. When he sang the song great Doris, along with my lobbying are in Israel for almost won, &quot;recalls Urličić. But Huljić last year with Igor Cukrov was not even close to this success? &quot;Maybe the times have changed now though,&quot; admits Ksenija Urličić and adds that he does not doubt the ability of lobbies and his successor Kostadinova. &quot;We are not Italy and we can not easily withdraw from the Eurovision Song Contest.&quot; While the Croatian fans want to forget as soon as possible debacle, the British who have experienced a similar fate comforted by a statistical study four years ago by a computer analyst from Glasgow Derek gatherer.
 It is calculated in detail how that country that gave the vote since 1975. until 2006. He concluded that the key to the success of clans and the country divided into three large blocks: the Balkans, which is also Croatia, Viking, which belong to the Scandinavian and Baltic states, and varšavki, which brings together Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia and the former USSR a. It is crucial that countries give each other an equal number of points, which are well seen in the example of Croatian which last year were just the most friendly countries of the former Yugoslavia: Slovenia, Bosnia, Serbia and Macedonia. It is true that since the mid-&#39;90s to today winning statues mostly ended in the hands of some of the members of the three blocks. However, the victory of Germany, which does not belong to any one of three large clans, according to a mathematical formula is not flawless. President of the British Association from Eurovision Paul Marks-Jones admits that his country this year had the old-fashioned song that did not promise much.
 &quot;But we are disappointed because either most of the other songs were not much better than ours. With competition in the Balkan countries, who vote along lines of good-neighborly, United Kingdom, regardless of the quality of songs has a good chance, &quot;says Marks-Jones. &quot;When they all gave so easily calculated, then the gatherer was a very rich man because every year he won gains on the bookmakers. But Croatia seems to have no neighbors. Croatian their neighbors share the points, but one of them gets longer. That Bosnia was in our semi-final group, maybe we passed in the final. In our group, on Thursday was much higher than the competition on Tuesday. If it all comes down to the clans, then why has not entered into the finals or Sweden, &quot;he asks Aleksandar Kostadinov. Fans of this competition, which in the UK, one of the founding countries, still quite numerous, are remembered with nostalgia the third May 1997. That was the date Tony Blair spent his first day as prime minister, and his country last won the Eurovision Song Contest.
 This year, hosted by Norway, Great Britain was by far the last, a victory was swept away by the other big member states of the European Television Association - Germany, which is the joyous moment waiting for a full 28 years, since 1982. When the throne was a musical singer Nicole. Just two years Nicole has been argued that, unlike our Emilia, disappointed with today&#39;s Eurovision Song Contest. He said that Eastern European countries dirty games trade votes. After winning the German songs, but many trabunjaju as most responsible for the triumph of German voices Eurozone countries that hope to them from Berlin to get financial assistance if they like Greece find themselves facing bankruptcy. But Croatia is so small and poor that she has no reason dodvoravati. Those who have dreamed of that bright stage of the Eurovision Song Contest next year will be set in a modern building of the Zagreb Arena, remained speechless when the read head and the last of 10 countries eligible to play in the final.
 And it seems that Croatia has finally played the right cards - a modern song, nice singer, attractive appearance ... &quot;Last year, Igor Cukrov Tonča Huljic the song entered the final of the decision of the jury, but he was a known name in both Serbia and Bosnia. Obviously they failed, and Croats living in the Diaspora. There are many, in Germany, Sweden and Switzerland, and from these countries did not receive any points. Croatian singers as opposed to the Serbian few performances in European countries, and they almost Croatians abroad and do not know. Only the Slovenes regularly give us a lot of votes because they love the Croatian music, &quot;says Kostadinov. Concludes that the good result nonetheless crucial to have a hit, but should not be neglected nepredvidjiv musical tastes viewers whose telephone votes to have a finite number of points greater impact than the jury. Croatian jury is convinced Kostadinov, certainly was not happy with Serbian song, but she still got 10 points because they were supported by viewers who are more liked Turkey.
 Winners from Germany, Croatian has not reached a single point. Emilija Kokic believes that girls from Feminema had no luck because there are two representatives, Armenia and Azerbaijan, had a song very similar to ours and a very attractive singer, and someone had to come off jednostvano. &quot;When we were competing, it was difficult because we could not sing in English, you should definitely take advantage of today because so everyone can understand the lyrics. I was delighted that a representative of Belgium alone on stage singing about his guitar, but it is obvious that the person enjoys, as well as the young German Leni or last year&#39;s winner, a young man from Norway. Riva is the best proof that the eurovizijskoj stage can shine and the last anonymous if there is a good song and if he sings from the heart. We were inexperienced and spontaneous because we had nothing to lose, &quot;says Emilija Kokic who believes that the ESC and was 20 years ago and still remains an excellent opportunity to promote the country.
 &quot;We should not be discouraged. I still need to go to Eurovision, &quot;said Eurovision winner who believes that in this year&#39;s finals was a lot of bad songs from the Croatian. Scottish analyst Derek gatherer says today&#39;s Eurovision significantly different than the mid-90s when they were dominated by Western countries that are due to his wealth more individual and less prone to intrigue and mergers of convenience. States called. New Europe music competition as an opportunity to promote their independence and European identity, while the west Eurosong reflect postmodernist tendencies bad taste, &quot;comments gatherer. According to his statistics, but the 80-it was evident that some countries are mutually share a similar high number of points, such as France and the United Kingdom and Germany and Israel. Agreeing that time was easier because there was no televoting but everything depended on the decision of the national jury.
 At that time, he argues, existed only division of the Western European and Mediterranean countries that are grouped according to different types of songs, which was a reflection of differences in musical taste. Viking alliance are calculated, the mid-80s entered into Denmark and Sweden, and the first indications of the Balkan allies see early 90s in the generous exchange of points between the Croatian and Malta, and as they started to play more and more countries of the former Yugoslavia, Croatia has become the strongest balkanskome link in the chain. As partners appeared to Greece and Cyprus. Danish-Swedish Covenant is 90-they spread to Norway, Estonia and Iceland, and after 2000. and in Lithuania, Latvia and Finland. At the European east, show statistics gatherer, Eurovision points for a dozen years ago part of Russia, Ukraine and Poland which have joined the Czech Republic, Belarus, Armenia, Georgia and Moldova, and western Spain and Andorra and the Netherlands and Belgium.
 Balkan federation of former Yugoslav states in recent times have been joined by Romania, Albania and Cyprus and a few years, Bulgaria, Croatia and the prevalence of increasingly over Serbia. &quot;Without the strong support of Viking Latvia 2002nd would not have won, in 2003. Turkey has won first place with just two points more than Belgium, thanks to the support of the Balkan states. Balkan block again expressed 2005th when Greece took the victory, &quot;he gatherer who thinks that Eurovision is not immune to politics. As an example he cites the UK which 2003rd did not get a single point, which is a possible result of British participation in the invasion of Iraq that is not unwelcome to the public in most European countries.
 