New fierce attack by influential HDZ and parliamentarian Goran Maric the INA, the ratio of Hungary&#39;s MOL, and intensifying the work of a parliamentary investigative commission on the privatization of our biggest oil company, has caused serious concern in diplomatic circles in Zagreb, but also among foreign investors in Croatia. It is seen as another act of hostility against foreign investors, writes in Friday Morning newspaper. Prominent member of the diplomatic corps estimates that the ruling party re-strengthen the forces that are in principle opposed to entry of foreign capital. No one is understandable nor explainable to constant persecution by foreign investors, find hundreds of reasons to be blown up their investment, it is constantly accusing of breaking the law and the agreements when, in the long run, the greatest service out of the crisis can provide the right investment. The highlight of the allegations that the Hungarian managers working on the black market.
 Hungarians have invested in INA billion and it is difficult to comprehend that someone can not manage and monitor how it spends its money. All, however, know that Croatia is almost impossible to get within a reasonable time work permit and that there are hundreds of insurmountable legal obstacles. Ask any foreign company as far as effort, time and hassle to have to put their expertise to ensure the work permit. A particularly unacceptable that the government is a stranger to sell your company, and then does not allow its experts to participate in management. Open search for clandestini in MOL will also, again, no doubt, encourage those who can not possibly be reconciled with the INA, majority owned by Hungarians. Otherwise, the INA for less than 50 and not one hundredth as discussed in parliament. Nervousness in the company loyally Those who work pejoratively called pro-Hungarians. Accusing them to be conducive to foreign capital, they should defend the Croatian, Hungarian and not interests.
 In doing so, no one asks who will defend the interests of the company. These days lobbies INA news spread that the Board of MOL has prepared a list of about 1300 people who are deemed to be surplus. And that&#39;s true, confirms the stated intention of management to sell the building INA in Šubićeva street in Zagreb. It will, however, when more than a thousand people out of work process, become superfluous. The mere speculation about the move of the INA&#39;s, had caused great anxiety not only in the company, but also in St. Mark&#39;s Square. Although for years about the fact that INA must make a serious shift in operations and provides necessary to get rid of employees because of their unbearable and unreasonable, now that such moves to announce new owners, then they all rise to the hind legs. It is an open secret that many employees, particularly those at secondary, higher and higher positions at work admitted to rođačkoj, friendly or party line, not the expertise and knowledge.
 For the only witness called Linic and Jurcic and financial advisors. No uzrujavajmo Hungarians, those we need for the EU diplomatic circles it is claimed that the visit of Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor Budapest Croatian side did not even mention the problems regarding the privatization of INA, nor did they mention some kind of misunderstanding about management of this company. These are estimated to diplomatic sources, confirming that Zagreb is not in our interest that irritates or to Budapest, intensified relations with the Hungarians. Therefore will consider in Brussels, Kosor seek to calm passions and tensions and to allow the INA and pier to continue normal operations. Hungary will first January assume presidency of the European Union. It is in these six months should complete the negotiations on the closure of all chapters of the Croatian and the EU, after which it will be first to sign the accession documents. And it will, without a Hungarian aid, would be impossible.
 One of the reasons for delays Government sold the INA was also aware that in the company must make radical demands. The state is simply not able to spend. The battle to succeed in the diplomatic circles estimated that just launched campaign against MOL aims to stop the restructuring of INA and to maintain the status quo. But to insinuate the part of employees and demonstrate how the Government will not allow self-managed company. EU defends Hungarians. To this end, again discusses the changes of Croatian representatives in the Department of INA. This primarily refers to the former CEO Tomislav Dragicevic and another man, and of Joseph Petrovic. These days, apparently talking to potential candidates from the confidence of Prime Minister Kosor. But Kosor could be due to possible conflicts of INA found in serious trouble. Investigations regarding the privatization of INA had not found any krašenje law in concluding the first and second privatization Deal between the Racan and Sanader&#39;s government has not, according to independent legal experts, any legal foothold to annul these contracts.
 Croatia party may be dissatisfied with the signed agreements, but the government has signed them, and they were, say foreign experts, within the legal framework. that are awarded such international agreements. An additional problem will be the reaction of the EU, but the Hungarian government if the government would try to revise some provisions of or the entire contract. The case of INA in Brussels is seen as another proof of the legal uncertainty of foreign investors and if they will seek the protection of Mol is quite clear that the EU will side with the Hungarians.
 