Author: Portal Jutarnji.hr Posted: 30.04.2010 Tomorrow ending quest for the lucky ones who will be three to four months to carry out filming Google Croatian cities driving the tricycle with Google Street View cameras, one of the most popular Google services, is coming to Croatia. Specifically, the portal posao.hr look that would be interested in the Croatian roads drove Google&#39;s cameras. RELATED NEWS News - The world&#39;s most popular internet search engine looking for the person for the position of the rider field. Because the purpose of recording and mapping, the person will be along in a van to carry the tricycle which also housed the camera, and it will use the parts where it can not go by car - it says in the ad company Adecco, which asks people to Google. The search for the lucky ones who will be between three and four months to travel and Croatian record of our roads and countryside ends tomorrow, 1
 May, on the day of operation. Of the potential candidates for the job they sought those who have a working knowledge of English and are computer literate. - With valid driving license for vehicles of category B, since collectors are Google will have to be in very good physical qualifications as shall be necessary to ride a tricycle with cameras and 5-6 hours a day - according to an ad. It should be noted and that the person who will perform this work during his travels in Croatia have secured accommodation. Google Street View project began three years ago and already has raised different reactions. While each state that allows a better knowledge of the Internet because it shows the street at 360 degrees, the second it takes the best example of violation of privacy, writes BBC News. The first &#39;dust raised&#39; association for the protection of privacy in the UK who have complained that Google&#39;s cameras captured a nuisance causing passersby on the street.
 The best example of an English couple who divorced because of the images Google View as surfing the woman managed to &#39;catch&#39; husband walks in with his mistress. After numerous negative reactions to Google&#39;s Street View service has decided to strengthen cooperation with national associations for the protection of privacy, and more than a year to censor blur faces and car registration passersby. However, there are some countries that have halted Google&#39;s photographers - such as Greece and several Eastern European countries. And Slovenia was not overly thrilled with Google&#39;s bid to capture all the streets so the collectors before arriving in the city have announced that citizens would have time to protect your privacy. In Germany, the problem of Street View was even more pronounced because the cameramen than &#39;catching&#39; street record and all the discovered wireless personal area network (WLAN). Although the public proiv that rebelled, Google says that it is strictly for purposes of navigation and that no one can identify through WLAN.
 United States were among the first countries that have adopted the Street View. Nearly all American cities on the Internet have been completed in mid 2007. Only a year later I was the same with France, Italy, New Zealand and Australia. Today&#39;s Street View on the streets of cities from as many as 24 countries of the world - Canada, Portugal, Germany, Switzerland, Taiwan, South Africa, Spain, Austria, Czech Republic, France, Finland, United Kingdom, Ireland, Sweden, Netherlands, Belgium, Italy, Denmark , Norway, New Zealand, Australia, South Korea, Japan and Brazil. Apart from Croatian and Slovenian, Street View will soon bring the images of cities in Hungary, Poland, Czech Republic, Luxembourg and Romania. Number of recommendations: 21 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 