Austrian federal province of Carinthia, at least theoretically, guarantee to Hypo Alpe Adria amount of 20 billion euros - but not only that Carinthia regularly pulled out of its obligations, but &quot;čerupala as a goose&quot; and the bank and its main owner of the Bavarian regional bank. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Solid hands for policijuKako would shed light on the growing scandal that shakes Munich, German State Attorney&#39;s Office has seized hundreds of registers of business relationship Bayern LB and Hypo Alpe Adria. Among them, six of the registrar business Holding Carinthia (Kärntner Landesholding, KHL), which is financed by bank Hypo Alpe Adria, from which one can easily see how throwing money - after all, the German tax payer. All accounts paid So do not hide the German media outrage, they are afforded to the Austrians in Carinthia at the expense of Bavarians.
 For example, the Munich newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung lists carefully what&#39;s all this late Carinthian populist politician Jörg Haider allow their citizens. First, a free kindergarten children from their province of 3 to 4 year. Cost: 75 euros per child and per month. When the kids grow up, they were given &quot;Jugendstartgeld&quot;, meaning &quot;Home help for young people, from 1,000 euros, as explained in that&quot; little go at driving. &quot; Who will pay? Holding and Hypo Alpe Adria. Moreover, in the province have been launched &quot;measures to protect consumers from price increases - and again it was known who would pay for the guild. The Germans paid assistance to a competitor Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: There is money for culture, sport and youth for the driving ... holding Provincial knew the bank and get to do something for Carinthia: the bank has bought a number of hotels and resorts in the province and only rarely some of them operated at least without loss.
 Carinthia because he wanted to attract tourists from other parts of the Alps - for example, from Bavaria! Therefore, the Hypo Alpe Adria jumped in financing &quot;Villach spa entertainment&quot; - including arranging adjacent cave (with artificial fog), the study of aromatherapy, fitness studios and a range of sauna for all the wishes and Zeljić. There is a hotel in a castle overlooking Lake Wörthersee, Seeblick villas, and golf course Schloss Finkestein in Villach that tourists attracted to advertising about the &quot;oases of 70 acres for recovery.&quot; That is not the end of the list, you are indirectly paying all Bavarians Carinthia: for their &quot;foundation for the promotion of football, and for the rehabilitation of road network, and the German airline&quot; TUI-Fly &quot;to all its planes landed in this province of Austria . The agreement with TUI-Fly is still in effect and expires 2013th Austrians are - not worth Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The popularity - on someone else&#39;s account that the Bavarians were paying, at least no doubt.
 Starting at 1.7 billion from the sale of the bank Hypo Alpe Adria Bank is a Bavarian province of Carinthia picked 830 million. Only a month later from the sale of 2007th Hypo Alpe Adria Munich reported that it lacks an additional 600 million. Carinthia, is also legally obliged to step in to help the bank, it was refused because, as he called her then-chairman Haider, &quot;not worth it to them to borrow money for the additional interest of 0.35%. German media revealed that banks in the Austrian province of Carinthia at all stores its capital: Deutsche Bank, Bank Austria, Erste Bank, Raiffeisenbank tamošnjoj, your account has a home at Deka Investment in Frankfurt ... One bank is missing: Hypo Alpe Adria. Looks like they are in Carinthia think it is smart to put your money there. Author: A. Subic (OT) Re. office: Andrea Jung-Grimm
 