Actress Natalie Tapuskovic, film director and writer Miroslav Momcilovic, visual artist, Kosta Bogdanovic and Ensemble for Early Music, &quot;Renaissance&quot; are some of the winners of Belgrade in 2009. year, which was granted within the manifestation &quot;Days of Belgrade&quot;. Prize for literature and creativity prevodno received Drinka Gojkovic for translation of the book &quot;Culture and Politics&quot; Volf Lepenisa, published &quot;Geopoetika&quot; while actress Natalie Tapuskovic awarded in the field of theatrical creativity - for three roles in &quot;therapy&quot; of a young Jordan Cvetanovic, directed by Goran Markovic, and the Atelier 212th Momčilović in the category of Film and Broadcasting creativity rewarded for writing the screenplay feature film &quot;Wait for me, I certainly will not come&quot;, which is directed. The award in the field of art and applied creativity and visual media and expanded for Bogdanovic got the retrospective exhibition &quot;raised in the shadow - the art of Kosta Bogdanovic,&quot; held at the House of legacy, while the Ensemble for Early Music, &quot;Renaissance&quot; award for &quot;Forty spring Renaissance Ensemble &quot;the Kolarac.
 Award for Social Sciences and Humanities received Jelena Djordjevic for work &quot;Postkultura. For natural and technical sciences was awarded the scientific team, &quot;Vinca&quot;, and associates to work, &quot;Quantification of Transforming Growth Factor beta 1 Levels in Metastatic Axillary Lymph Node Tissue Extracts from Breast Cancer Patients: A New Specimen Source&quot;, published in international journal Analytical and Quantitative Cytology and Histology. For innovation in the field of science was awarded to Milan Devi &quot;The procedure for obtaining a mixture of polystyrene concrete polusuve - simprolit&quot;, while in the field of medicine was awarded to Dr Mark Munjiza &quot;Introduction to Clinical psychopathology. Of architecture and urban planning were awarded Dejan Miljkovic and Jovan Mitrovic, for building houses - studios at the corner of the street Senjačke and St. Naum. Award for Journalism given the urban media company, &quot;Studio B&quot; for the software contribution to the fostering of libertarian spirit of Belgrade.
 In the field of education has been awarded the Natalie Čaluković, Professor of Mathematical Physics in high school, the textbook &quot;Physics for the seventh grade,&quot; and two collections of tasks processed in the sixth and seventh grade. Milorad Cavic, and Petar Popovic won the award for the sport because of the gold medal with a European record in the 50 meters butterfly and silver medalist in the 100 meter butterfly at the World Aquatics Championships in Rome last year. For the creativity of young people were awarded Ana panties in the field of science (for the master work &quot;The design of open spaces for people with disabilities on the example of schools for students with visual impairment &#39;Veljko Ramadanović&#39; in Zemun) and Ana Grigorović in art (the setting for the drama&quot; North Force &quot;). Traditional reward Svetislav Stojanović get the group leader at the fire brigade were Zemun Svetislav Cavic and fire-rescue units &quot;Zemun&quot;. The names of the winners were notified at a special session of the Assembly of the Old Palace, the &quot;Days of Belgrade&quot; which marks the day when the city handed over the keys to Prince Mihailo Obrenovic, 19
 April 1867th year, as the first mention of the name Belgrade in written documents 878th year. Belgrade celebrated &quot;Days of Belgrade&quot; in that form for eight years, with a varied program of cultural, sport and education, within which this year takes place 18th April and the Belgrade Marathon. The central ceremony will be held on 19 April, you will be given to the Old Palace of Belgrade, and on mountain will be officially opened refurbished tower on the mountain. Mayor of Aleksandar Antic is the proclamation of winners of 16th Belgrade April in the Old Palace, said that in all areas of competition was excellent and the selection of winners was very difficult. &quot;Competition is a year stronger, a Belgrade and institutions of our city attach increasing importance to our award and stand up in increasing numbers,&quot; said Antic at the meeting which was attended by Mayor Dragan Djilas and his deputy, Milan Krkobabic, members City Council, the Secretary and Deputy Secretary of Municipal Administration, directors of public companies and organizations founded by the city of Belgrade, as well as the Presidents Commission for the allocation of Belgrade in 2009.
 Photos: Formal session (Beograd.rs) (SEEcult.org)
 