According to figures provided by the Guardian Dignitas, the controversial clinic in the past 12 years life has ended up 1041 people from 29 countries worldwide. Mostly from Germany and Great Britain, and the patients were mainly suffering from terminal illness accompanied by great suffering. Another 5989 people from around the world would like to end up living in the clinic, and among them are three Croats and one from Serbia and Bosnia. Joe Dalić from the Consulate General of Croatia in Zurich for the Morning newspaper said that in the last four years none of Croatian citizens are not interested in the Dignitas clinic. He would not speculate on whether anyone from the Croats, but his own life in the clinic. Association and clinic Dignitas was founded in 1998. in Zurich, Ludwig Minelli (77), a former journalist and lawyer specializing in human rights. In Switzerland, euthanasia is illegal but assisted suicide is legal even since 1941. year.
 In addition, Switzerland is the only country in the world in which he allowed to &quot;help in dying&quot; and foreign nationals. Minelli, which is called &quot;Howard Hughes assisted death&quot;, is a frequent target of criticism and charges against him jee was launched and the judicial process because the clinic staff assisted suicide in some patients with Alzheimer&#39;s disease and schizophrenia, people who were not mentally competent to decide to end his life. To some people stopped living in the clinic, you must become a member of Dignitas, which annually pays 55 euros. Then MINELL sends his medical records and a letter explaining why it is for her life has become unbearable, and about 2100 euros. Doctors who work with Dignitas considered documentation and assess whether they are willing to prescribe a fatal dose of medication that will enable the person&#39;s death. If you give a &quot;green light&quot;, a patient schedules a meeting at the headquarters of Dignitas and pay about 720 euros for two meetings with the doctor who re-examines the patient&#39;s medical records and prescribe the means for &quot;sweet death&quot;.
 The patient then pays another 2100 euros for the two employees, who will organize the Dignitas assisted suicide and to be witnesses of the act. Total death in Dignitas is about 5000 euros. With the patient at the time of death, a doctor and a nurse who gives him a glass of water with a fatal dose of the drug. Sometimes it&#39;s there, someone from the family members. When the institution&#39;s death, the doctor called the police and the coroner, and then the body is transported to the morgue. Net.hr 27.02.2010.
 