In Serbia, operates more than 200 Croatian companies, while in Croatia there is only ten missions Serbian companies. Dragoljub Rajic from the Union of Employers of Serbia said the Deutsche Welle that the Serbian government has not done much in terms of placement of Serbian capital in Croatia. &quot;For years, the relationship took place within the framework of empty rhetoric and more we are politically prepucavali&quot; than it was on economic cooperation, &quot;says Raji. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Boris Tadic, Serbian president pleads for better economic cooperation in the region Raji believes that the recent government in Zagreb and the President of Ivo Josipovic open to economic cooperation, and that the visit of President Boris Tadic signal that things began to move better. Raji is committed to a kind of common market and added that the Serbian and Croatian small markets that are likely to become far more competitive when placed together large quantities of goods to the EU market, and Russia - with which Serbia signed an agreement on free trade.
 Dragoljub Rajic also believes that the estimates of the Serbian capital in Croatia is not a welcome package. &quot;The problem is that nobody seriously tried, but nobody gave any signal that capital is not welcome. It was only a few individual efforts, which were not accompanied by government activities. On the other hand, there are plenty of Serbian goods, regardless of all sales in Croatia, &quot;says Raji. Complete story of tycoons specialist investment Mahmut Bušatlija says the Deutsche Welle that the fact that there is a much smaller number of Croatian companies in Serbia, but the opposite is not good and stands up for much greater regional, economic co-operation. Bušatlija says he does not believe in the existence of a political decision to prevent the entry of Serbian capital in Croatia. &quot;Probably there are some daily political dams, but such decisions are usually overcome&quot; economic logic &quot;. And our investors are quite wrong that there are no longer represented.
 I remember only the Delta and some attempts MK group to enter the Croatian market, but it&#39;s not just companies with which the country is on the verge of joining the EU gladly cooperated. These are people who follow the image of the tycoon, and I think it would be best to be in Serbia finally put an end to that story about tajkunizaciji. Then, all investors will be easier to get to other markets, &quot;assessed the Bušatlija. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Ivo Josipovic and Boris Tadic will meet in Zagreb Strategic Partnership Dragoljub Rajic from the Employers&#39; Union believes that the investment in the region may increase, but that problems with liquidity and working capital available in all countries of Southeast Europe. &quot;The future of all countries in the region lies in the opening of a greater number of businesses that would have been strategic partners. This means that companies from different countries invest a certain percentage and that the merger raise standards of finished products, &quot;Raji suggests.
 On the other hand, Bušatlija not see a way to increase at this time Serbian investment in the region. &quot;With the investment,&quot; we are not &quot;good or at home, so I do not see where you should get an interest in investments abroad.&quot; Author: Vesna Rajkovic, editor in chief of Belgrade: Zeljko Telišman
 