ASSOCIATION OF NAUTICAL SECTOR IN ADRIATIC BOAT SHOW in Šibenik NAUTICAL FORUM - WHY STANDSTILL nautical sector representatives of the &quot;production&quot; or those working in the nautical sector, and in this sector (pro) provide their services at the first forum on the Croatian Adriatic Nautical Boat Show in Sibenik, held on 16 September 2010., agree on one thing: the nautical sector is stagnating and to a lesser extent due to a major recession due to government regulations, excessive administration, high taxes and the like. Most directly on how he spoke Roko Vuletic vice president of the Association of nautical sector CEA, which argues that the stagnation began to 2008. year, instead of today is one of the key Croatian lever out of the recession. The growth of nautical sector, there are two: Location and ship. Although the strategy of development of nautical tourism envisioned building 15 000 new berths by 2018. years and still do not know on which all locations.
 So far, only 1000 were built and only one berth marina - and closed since there is no complete documentation. As for the ship - sales in Croatia fell by 90 percent - said Vuletic. Stagnation caused by excessive levies, VAT is 23 percent as opposed to 10 percent in tourism, concessions are too expensive. Our competitors in Italy, Slovenia, Montenegro - said Vuletic, behaves completely opposite, intensive marine grade practically for our guests, who will travel to our part of the Adriatic, and it is known that the highest cost of work where they dock, and not where they operate. Instead of harvesting the big money, we are leaving that to others - specifically was Vuletic. And the boat sales, including the building, falling, and the reason they were initially enormous duty and now the announcement of the property tax that will apply to boats and yachts. Since the autumn, under the Croatian flag vessels will be loaded with at least three and possibly four taxes.
 Detriment of the business policy that strikes such a pace of nautical sector, all ultimately suffer. Weaker domestic shipyard work, services, loose cover, not to renew the fleet, lost Register of Shipping, insurance, no construction of new berths and employment - Roko Vuletic said. A particular problem will occur when entering the EU. It is estimated that in Croatia a total of 30 000 vessels under foreign flags, which are not paid taxes in any EU country. Croatia at this time for their tax oasis. When joining the EU will have to pay taxes in any country of the Union - of course it will be Croatia, where the VAT is higher than in other countries. Vuletic reminds the example of Malta&#39;s accession to the EU provide a temporary tax for the vessels in the amount of 6 percent, and all EU citizens who have been there had the boat reached the Maltese flag and pay VAT there. When Croatia would benefit from this opportunity and to a VAT of 10 percent would be a one-time revenue of 150 million euros to the state budget.
 Nautical sector due to these and a number of other problems that hinder its growth requires urgent oživotvorenje strategy development, change in tax policy and emergency preparations for the realization of transitional VAT rates in EU entry, processing and publication of data on real ubranoj excise in the first 6 months of 2010 . year, a search and strict application of the management agreement with the conclusions of CEA and Prime Minister Kosor which is guaranteed to be no more changes in laws or regulations in the domain of nautical activities will not happen without discussion with experts in the nautical sector-which in its entirety has not complied with. Association of nautical sector CEA, the second day of the fair, 17 September 2010. , Held a meeting of the executive committee of the association. At the meeting of the association sent repeated requests to the Government on creating an expert group with representatives of Government ministries and CEA, which would create the proposed measures with a single goal: to achieve a growth rate of 20 percent over the next 5 years.
 AT BOAT CROATIA BOAT SHOW OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEETING HELD HUP ASSOCIATION OF NAUTICAL SECTOR SEARCH THE UNIFORM GUIDELINES ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF CUSTOMS REGULATIONS IN CROATIA 17th April 2010., the nautical fair Croatia Boat Show, held a session of the Executive Committee of the nautical sector. The main theme of the session was the initiative for the adoption of a single instruction on the implementation of customs regulations in Croatia. Members of the Executive Board of the association discussed the problems related to customs regulations in Croatia. Namely, due to different interpretations and enforcement of certain provisions of the customs, business in Croatia is more difficult. Customs offices in some cities by the nautical sector companies seek different treatment for procedures that should be the same in all areas. Therefore, the conclusion of the Executive Committee that the Association seek the convening of a meeting with the Customs Administration of Croatia, where the members of the delegation of the association to present the problems and ambiguities of the legal provisions relating to customs regulations.
 THE first Assembly changed its name to HUP NAUTICAL INDUSTRY ASSOCIATION EXECUTIVE BOARD CONFIRMED THE MANDATE OF TWO YEARS 19th March 2010 to Le Meridien Lav hotel Podstrana uu held by the Assembly of the Association CEA small shipbuilding and nautical sectors. After the introductory section in which the Assembly addressed Vesna Ivic-Simetin, director of the Regional Office Split, Hrvoje Marusic, President of the Executive Board of the CEA Branch Dalmatia and Pičuljan Romano, president of the Association, the Assembly began its work. Adopted a new Statute of the Association, and the Assembly unanimously adopted the proposal of the Executive Board about changing the name of the association, which will now be called CEA Association of nautical sector. Before the vote on re-election of the Executive Committee of the Association, Vesna Ivic Simetin reminded those present that at the Founding General Assembly elected the Executive Committee, composed of 11 representatives - representatives of all sectors and activities in the nautical sector and a small ship.
 They are: President Romano Pičuljan, Vice Vicenco Blagajić and Roko Vuletic, and members of Nevenka Calic Braslav Karlić, Mario Knego, Ante Kovacevic, throughout the race, Dario Marjan Denis Vidal and Kresimir Zic. Considering that the Executive Committee elected at the Inaugural Meeting of the Association by program, the new statute and began with a lot of activities, for example, participates in the legislative amendments related to the nautical sector, it is logical to continue its work for a term of two years. Ivic-Simetin noted and that they have already established contacts with relevant ministries and it is expected that the Executive Committee fail to fight for better terms and conditions of this sector. The Assembly confirmed the mandate of two years the entire Executive Board. As representatives for the Assembly of CEA were selected Pičuljan Romano, president of the Roko Vuletic, vice president of the association. Romano Pičuljan briefly outlined the guidelines of the proposed work program.
 The same is divided into seven units, of which the most important legal regulations (customs tariffs, protocol, etc.). Pičuljan stressed that issues related to excise tax, at a meeting with Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor said that the reduction in excise duty from 15 to 5%, only opened the door production boat, but it&#39;s a little, because Croatia was not competitive when compared with Mediterranean countries that have no taxes that burden business. &quot;First of all, we need to persuade foreigners to buy our boats, to keep the boat with us and only then we can not pay excise taxes. We want to be compared with Italy and France that have this issue resolved much better. We will advocate to legislators consult us when making regulations because he, having no experience in the field, it can destroy everything we built up for years. The association should become an essential partner in making and preparing the regulations and will seek to enable us to participate in the preparation of regulations through meetings and other contacts. &quot;Pičuljan said.
 He urged the attendees to the problems arising in the field to inform the director of the Association, then the Executive Committee to discuss and take appropriate action. After an open debate on the Programme of associations which are actively involved John Soza, R. Vuletic Đek Šurija, Tomislav Akrap, throughout the race, Ante Kovacevic, Damir Skelin, Denis Vidal, Braslav Karlić, K. Zic and other members of the Assembly, was adopted and the program .. Assembly is finished with work at 13:30 hours, after which the Chairman of the Executive Board of CEA Association of nautical sector, Romano Pičuljan and individual members of the Executive Committee, answered reporters&#39; questions CONSTITUENT MEETING HELD HUP Boatbuilding ASSOCIATION AND NAUTICAL SECTOR Chosen 11 members of the Executive Committee - President Romano Pičuljan, in shipbuilding Pičuljan Ltd., Vice Vicenco Blagaić from Profectus Group Inc. and Roko Vuletic from NCP Group 27th
 November 2009., uu the hotel Le Meridien Lav, held the inaugural meeting of the Association CEA small shipbuilding and nautical sectors. At the General Meeting was attended by 115 representatives of companies from small business of shipbuilding and nautical sectors. The assembly was opened by Vesna Ivic-Simetin, director of the regional offices of the Assembly of Split and water, and occasional words of the participants addressed Hrvoje Marusic, President of the Executive Board of the CEA Branch Dalmatia. After that, participants were greeted by Damian Kuštrak, Chairman of the Executive Board of the CEA, whose presence caused the attention and approval, because it is proof that the Croatian Employers looking to establish this association with particular care. Steering Committee of the new association at the meeting held on 23 November decided that the representatives of all bodies of the association who are elected to this assembly to have a temporary mandate to a new Assembly Election planned for February 2010.
 which was announced at the Assembly. Of the 22 candidates for the Executive Committee, members were elected in total 11 members of the Executive Board: Romano Pičuljan, Pičuljan Shipbuilding Ltd., D. Marjan, Nava Boat Centre Ltd, Roko Vuletic, NCP Group Inc., Braslav Karlić, Fabra doo-Sea, throughout the race, Fortuna YACHTING Vicenco Blagaic Profectus Group Inc., Mario Knego, Euromarine doo, K. Zic, Marina Punat doo, Denis Vidal, Sas Vektor dd, Ante Kovacevic, Mechanic Nautic Come on Čalić Nevenka, Navel doo. Members of the Executive Board who is also the Assembly received the largest number of votes elected Roman Pičuljan. For Vice-Presidents of the association were elected Vicenco Blagaić and Roko Vuletic. The Assembly passed the Statute of the association, was elected Representative to the Assembly of CEA and representatives of the association. At the Assembly decided that the representatives of various bodies to be always tied to the President and two Vice-Presidents.
 As members of the Executive Committee, its mandate will be temporary, until the new election of the Assembly. The new Executive Committee will prepare a new program of the Assembly of the Association and immediately accessible activities to address legal and other problems that plague small shipbuilding and nautical activities of all sectors. Association of Boatbuilding and nautical sector is the first organization founded by the Croatian Employers&#39; Association, whose headquarters will be in Split, a field across Croatia. After completion of the Assembly, held a press conference at which the newly elected representatives of the Executive Board, the President of the CEA Dalmatia Hrvoje Marusic and President of CEA Damir Kustrak presented to the public.
 