How broken relationships affect relations with common friends My girl friend cheats SCENARIO: &quot;Guy and I spend a lot of time with my friend Andrew and his girlfriend, who I became very fond of. A few weeks ago I heard that Andrew cheats. Should I tell her. &quot;Ana, 30 SOLUTION: With the truth you must always confront the adulterer. If he refuses to talk about it, and you feel that his partner deserves the truth, ask a &quot;hypothetical&quot; what would you do if it finds itself in such a situation and proceed accordingly. Do not be silent because it becomes an accomplice in the fraud. I want to continue to hang out with my friend&#39;s ex SCENARIO: &quot;The two of us we have to first click and get along great. I do not want to lose a friend, just because it is no longer in connection with my friend. &quot;Diana, 28 RESOLUTION: It is natural to get together with someone with whom you spent a lot of time and who you are with it and a similar mentality, interests, sense of humor ...
 There is no reason to stop to hang out, but not to hide from friends. Be honest with him, and promise to the common coffee, it will not talk about him and vice versa. My friend is in a dilemma to break with boyfriend or not, and he thinks everything is ok SCENARIO: &quot;Sandra lives with her boyfriend, but for months saying that he wants to leave because they no longer love. I was confused and she really want to be supportive, but I feel uncomfortable, especially when her boyfriend tells me that she plans to buy an engagement ring. &quot;Natalia, 32 SOLUTION: You found it in a very awkward position in which no one is safe easy. Suggest a friend to talk with someone who is objective and professional, such as therapist for couples. Do not you advise her what to do because you would, if the decision proves wrong, I could blame. I stayed close to my mom, her ex. Is that bad? SCENARIO: &quot;I was about ten years.
 I was very close with Deck&#39;s family, especially her mother. Lots of time we spent together, went shopping, theater, talking about everything. In the meantime, we are boyfriend and I broke, he has a new girlfriend, but I&#39;m still his mother called. &quot;Lara, 34 SOLUTION: After the break-up not only feel the loss of partners, but also their friends and family members. His mother is certainly not easy because my son loves and respects his choice, but the likes of you. If you find it hard to see it because it reminds you of him, ask her to give you some time for emotional recovery, and to find a coffee for a month or two. They will understand. A few months after we broke up he started to walk with a friend of my ex. A constantly saw them because we are in the same company SCENARIO: &quot;I broke up with her boyfriend and went to two months abroad to learn the language. Upon returning I found out that the girl from my company, meanwhile, involved with him.
 What is worse, she sees nothing wrong with that because we, like, two of us finished the story, and two of them are, well, just made for each other. I am sick when I see them mock up the party. &quot;Koraljka, 27 SOLUTION: You two have not been involved when the two of them He looped, so technically, legally and how you want to run, you are not doing anything behind your back. All parties involved were free. However, it is understandable that it is not easy. You do not have them drink coffee or go on trips, if you do not do that, but it would be wrong for them to not show up at someone&#39;s wedding or birthday. I want to stay friends with the former, but the new guys to bother SCENARIO: &quot;John and I are after the year end. After that I had a brief affair with a friend Krešo, but I knew from the beginning that this is not it so we decided to still be just friends. Then I was reconciled with Mary, but since he learned of Kreso, not that we saw him. &quot;Vanja, 22 RESOLUTION: Guy has a right to be a little worried and upset.
 On the other hand, we live in times where we first guy is usually not the last, but there are more ex-love, as some people can not only share common memories, but also children. It is therefore important to work on tolerance and building trust. After termination of girlfriends stopped at the side of my former SCENARIO: &quot;After the break we were dreadful, and the situation was complicated by the fact that my former best friend in connection with my best friend, who is my all time nabijala remorse. Rather than stand on my side, she took pity and told the former that does not support my new relationship. &quot;Julian, 26 SOLUTION: You need to understand. You probably have a lot of time couples spent together, and she your ex still seen as a &quot;his&quot; close. Of course it is not easy to accept that they will now have to go to a &quot;double date&quot; with you and some character that was seen twice in my life.
 Give her time to adjust to change and meet your new love.
 