DVB-T (which stands for &quot;Digital Video Broadcasting - Terrestrial) is the European DVB standard for digital terrestrial television. To transfer compressed images and audio signals using MPEG with COFDM modulation. In Croatia, the digital broadcasting began 2002nd year. Year 2006. at a regional conference on the future of digital television in Europe, Croatia has been granted eight multiplexes. Currently, active three multiplexes, of which two national and one regional. The advantages of DVB-T are better utilization of the frequency spectrum, the constancy of image quality as long as the interference less than a certain level and the possibility of introducing additional services: Superteletext, electronic program guide (EPG), a wide 16:9 aspect ratio images and pictures in high definition (HDTV). Nedostataci that is due to digital compression slightly reduced image quality compared to analog in ideal conditions and greater susceptibility to certain types of interference above the level that the system can be compensated and disable reception.
 Contents [edit] DVB-T in Croatia first experimental broadcasting in digital technology began on 13 June 2002. The transmitter with Sljeme. Shortly after that was put into operation and the digital transmitter to HRT home. In late 2004. began to be broadcast transmitter is Učka for Istria and Kvarner. DVB-T transmitters to Labinštici, Josipovac Srđu and were released into operation in December 2005. In siječnu 2006th began broadcasting from Ugljan. Late 2006. set the transmitter on Mount Vidova. Thus the most densely populated Croatian territory was covered with a total of 9 transmitters. At a regional conference on the GE06 future of digital television in Europe, held in June 2006. in Geneva, Croatian experts and negotiators achieved 100% success in their demands. The Italian side was against the Croatian request believing that they need a higher number of frequencies. Such is the current situation in the analogy, because that is impossible to Croatia to share the new national concession, because most of the frequency with more disturbed signals from Italy.
 Croatia was granted the right to 8 digital multiplexes. National coverage will be broadcast seven channels in the UHF frequency range, and 1 in the VHF-III band area. The current number of four channels at the national level in the future could increase to 40-odd. In October of 2007. began a pilot project &quot;Digital Istra&quot; which allow viewers in Istria quality reception of DVB-T signal from the transmitter Učka and a dozen other repeaters in the area of Istria. At the same time TV subscribers in Istria on the possibility of purchasing a DVB-T prijemika the state subsidy in the amount of EUR 200.00. Alternative service DVB-T services Croatel, was in 2007. and 2008. The transmitters set up in Zagreb, Split and Rijeka. In addition to programs at the national level to have it broadcast HRT plus Europe and Discovery HD in MPEG-4 standard. Croatel stopped with experimental broadcast in spring 2008.
 year. The Croatian Government on 31 July 2008. adopted a national project of transition to digital broadcasting, so-called &quot;Switchover&quot; Digital Strategy Croatia as part of that will shut down all analog television transmitters to 31.12.2010. year. [Edit] Digital multiplex in Croatia in digital form at the national level is currently broadcast two multiplexes. A multiplex with programs HRT 1 HRT 2, RTL Television and Nova TV and multiplex B in which there are programs Nova TV, RTL Television, Capital Network, HRT 1 and HRT 2 Regional TV channels in digital form are transmitted within the multiplex D. At the end of this year or early next year, multiple D will be divided into two parts: a regional-national and local. Regional and national will consist of two regional programs and three programs with the national concession. Local Multiplex D will consist of two programaa a local concession.
 D4 region will have only three programs with a local concession. Following the Government&#39;s strategy for transition to digital TV signals by the Croatian Agency for Telecommunications is 28 January 2009. open tender for the operator, who will broadcast the first two multiplexes for the Croatian territory. At the contest, log T-Com and transmitters and links. Agency on 24 April 2009. transmitters and connections decided to issue a permit for a ten-year broadcast signal first two multiplexes. In August 2010. Transmitters and links are given permission to the national / regional multiplex transmitters D. and links on 26 January 2010. The start broadcasting electronic program guide. EPG is initially aired only multiplex in the region, and D4 in the regions where the transition to digital television is complete. On 30 June 2010. The EPG has been activated in all regions of the digital multiplex for both A and B. In January of 2010.
 Electronic Media Council has issued a tender for experimental broadcasting three specialized programs within the B multiplex. At the tender was told six channels: Croatian Music Channel, Capital Network, the Independent Television Retronet with the program, Nova TV program with the House of TV and RTL TV with two series of RTL 2 RTL 2 and Fun. [1] The Council decided to issue a temporary permit for Capital Broadcasting Network. Capital Broadcasting Network in mulitpleksu B began on 6 March [2] During August 2010. year, the competition for a permanent concession in multiplex B occurred four television. Three entertaining RTL 2, the House and TV OBN and economic-news channel Capital Network. Council for Electronic Media in the 11th session September will decide which two programs to get a concession. [3] [edit] Digital regions in Croatia, the final decision of the Geneva Conference of Croatia is divided into nine digital regions.
 D1 D2 D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 [edit] Digital local sub-regions in Croatia D11 D21 D31 D41 D45 D46 D53 D54 D72 D82 D91 d71 [edit] Turning off analog broadcasting - Switch-off decision of the Croatian Government adopted the terms analogue transmitter network shutdown and repeaters which broadcast national TV programs. After following the date TV program can only receive digital channels. The region was shut down D5 26th January 2010. D3 the 3rd March 2010. D7 30th March 2010. D9 27th April 2010. D1 25th May 2010. D2 29th June 2010. D6 20th July 2010. D8 7th September 2010. 4D 5th October 2010. [Edit] The frequencies of the digital transmitter Further articles on the topics: Appendix: Frequencies SDTV digital transmitters and Appendix: Frequencies HDTV digital transmitter [edit] HD Television HDTV is high definition television and audio quality. Many television stations worldwide broadcast such programs, mainly through satellite.
 For such a quality program is necessary to carry far more data than the &quot;regular&quot; television, so he uses the MPEG-4 coding of images. HD broadcasts are transmitted and AC3 audio, and Dolby Surround programs with multichannel sound. Early 2007. The Croatian Radio Television launched an HDTV program HRT HD. The program is in the experimental phase and the beginning of the broadcast from a single transmitter, placed on HRT home. In 2008. The transmitter network expanded, and HRT HD became available in other major cities. Mid-2008. year on this program for the first time shows sports content in HD quality. The following two biggest sports event of the year: the European Cup and the Olympic Games in Beijing. [Edit] Advantages of DVB-T According to the recommendation of the European Commission, all EU member states have until 2012 years off in full analogy to switch over to digital broadcasting.
 In some countries this process at the end, while some Croatian behind that of their analog systems plans to shut down until 2010. year. Digital terrestrial television picture and sound quality is not inferior to digital satellite TV because the technology is very similar prijenosta. DVB-T allows you to be on one frequency, which until now could not follow a single channel, broadcasts to 10 channels of high quality. In addition to television programs can monitor and radio channels. News in digital television are Superteletext, which is faster and more interactive than regular teletext, EPG - elektornski program guide where you can see the broadcast schedule of programs and some information on the programs. DVB brings the ability to preview images and a wide aspect ratio (wide screen - 16:9), compared with a still representation of 4:3. For reception of digital terrestrial television requires an antenna is the same as for analogue television, though there are special antenna for DVB-T and STB (Set Top Box) - a device for reception of digital terrestrial television which can connect to an existing analog television receiver.
  VTV D3, D4 Varazdin Television • Apple TV Net, Independent Television D5 Istria • TV Kanal Ri D6 region without a regional (county) television. VOX TV D7 D8 D9 Culinary, DU TV, All TV Local MUX D (MPEG-2 SD) OSTV D11, D21 TV SBTV Osijek, Slavonski Brod CTV television D31, D44 Z1 Čakovečka Television, Zagreb television TV Plus D45, D46 Jastrebarsko Television 4 River, Karlovac Ritva D53, D54 Riječka television TV Nova, d71 GTV Zadar Pula, Zadar City Television Television D72 D82 TV Šibenik Dalmatia, Split D91 Podegija no local television stations. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/DVB-T&quot; Category: Television technology
 