&quot;Hells Angels and other motorcycle gangs are increasingly active in the European Union (EU) and is increasing the risk of their spread to countries in Southeast Europe and the Balkans, the rating of Europol, which together with the Croatian Ministry of the Interior held in Dubrovnik International Seminar on motorcycle criminal groups. Europol has this year established a new system of early detection of organized crime SCAN that competent authorities shall submit a strategic report on the threats of new forms of organized crime. Use the SCAN-A recently discovered dissemination activities &quot;Hells Angels&quot; and other motorcycle gangs, and immediately established a project that should help in the fight with that kind of danger. Based on available information from the EU countries, there is a growing threat from the spread of motorcycle gangs and their activities in Southeastern Europe and Balkan countries. Criminal motorcycle gangs (outlaw motorcycle gangs - OMCGs), such as the &quot;Bandidos&quot; and &quot;Hells Angels&quot;, but are present throughout the EU.
 Recently, the motorcycle club Hells Angels &quot;(The Hells Angels Motorcycle Club - HAMC) has spread to Eastern Europe in recent years the leader of the ultra-fast ride in Southeast Europe, particularly in Turkey and Albania, according to a police statement on the occasion three-day seminar, which is dated 5 to 7 October held in Dubrovnik. These riders do not follow the law, are prone to extreme violence and use of weapons, and most of them dealing with crime. So the &quot;Hells Angels&quot; particularly involved in the production and distribution of marijuana, methamphetamine and cocaine. He fears that would establish a new alliance could enable the management of gangs trafficking drugs across the so-called South-East Europe. Balkan route, say the police and Europol. In order to achieve territorial influence in southeastern Europe, &quot;Hells Angels&quot; have established strong relationships with local motorcycle gangs in Albania, Bulgaria and Macedonia, but exist in Turkey, a stronghold of the main points for further transport of heavy drug use.
 Europol also warns of the danger of territorial war motorcycle gangs in the race for supremacy. It also warns that the gang &quot;dirty money earned by investing in Peru lawful activities&quot; and to try to establish strong relationships with influential people and governments in the region and of themselves to build a good image to the public through newspaper articles and appearing on television. Europol says that an increasing number of criminal motorcycle gangs calling for the necessary cooperation and intelligence sharing and to inform the public about the problem facing Europe. At a seminar in Dubrovnik police officers participating in Croatian, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Montenegro, Macedonia, Albania and Turkey as well as top European experts from Norway, Spain, Netherlands and Luxembourg. Europol (European Law Enforcement Agency) is an agency of the European Union, whose purpose is to improve efficiency and enhance the cooperation of competent authorities of Member States in preventing and combating organized crime and terrorism and all other forms of crime that occur in two or more countries.
 (Hina)
 