Ministers held a meeting on Monday after the euro sank to its lowest level in four years against the dollar, and it was traded at $ 1.2237. Later recovered, returning above $ 1.23, but still held significantly below $ 1.3 recorded 10th in May after he agreed to mention the package. Luxembourg Prime Minister Jean-Claude Juncker, who chairs the committee of finance ministers of the eurozone, he tried to reassure markets about inflation, noting also that the euro remains &quot;credible currency&quot;, despite the debt crisis that erupted because of countries like Greece. &quot;We believe that a credible euro currency, price stability is fully preserved in the eurozone over the past 11 years, and as such will be maintained in the years ahead. This is the main feature of the euro and a big advantage for investors,&quot; said Juncker. He said however that it will be necessary to hold another meeting of euro zone on Friday to be worked out pending issues regarding the establishment of financial agencies that would be responsible for tasks related to the contributions of member states in the euro area given a new mechanism for the rescue.
 Interviews to be held on the sidelines of the first meeting of the working group responsible for the reform of the eurozone, which consists of finance ministers of 27 EU member states and whose chairman is the president of the EU and Herman Van Rompuy. &quot;Certain technical details and legal issues still to be clarified, which takes several days,&quot; said European Commissioner Olli Rehn&#39;s economy. Diplomats explain that some countries, notably Germany and the Netherlands, argue that the approval of each submitted requests for assistance from the European package, agreed upon with the aim of preserving financial stability, be conditioned unanimous support of member governments in the eurozone. Other countries, led by France, however, argue that the new agency should have the authority to independently decide on such requests, based on agreed parameters. Interviews two ministers have repeatedly interrupted to Germany and France, the eurozone&#39;s biggest economy, enabled the bilateral negotiations, but the ministers of these countries sought to diminish the importance of mutual disagreement.
 Ministers also discussed proposals for the introduction of more stringent budget rules to underpin the euro area and welcomed the European Commission proposal to allow member states to discuss among themselves before their spending plans for submission to the adoption of the national parliaments. &quot;All we hold that the present proposals for water in the right direction,&quot; said Juncker. Germans advocated the introduction of stricter fiscal discipline among members, to the extent that they suggest the introduction of legislation on curbing debt across the eurozone, which would be a shortage of some countries of the 2016th ograničivao to 0.35 percent of gross domestic product (GDP). Pact on Stability and Growth Pact stipulates a ceiling budget deficit of three percent of GDP, however, that regularly violates many member states.
 