A day after Vukovar, almost 20 years after the destruction of this Croatian town on the Danube, visiting Serbian President Boris Tadic Vukovars prevalent among the same opinion - &quot;Words are one thing, we expect the works.&quot; Tadic&#39;s words &quot;apology and regret&quot; that it is pronounced in Ovcara Vukovar residents are generally received with approval, while many say that it was the &quot;more than they expect.&quot; All, however, note that the meeting of the Vukovar-Josipović Tadic - who is on the same day declared a historic act - expect concrete results. - From Vukovar was sent a clear message that Serbia and Croatia want to be good neighbors - said the mayor of Vukovar Zeljko Sabo, adding that, as a precondition for further good-neighborly relations, stressed the need solutions outstanding issues between the two countries, such as search for missing persons and the prosecution of war crimes. - Sent a clear message that Vukovar is a city that lives in some sort of post-war period, but a city whose citizens, after all they lived through a miracle and turned it into the safest city in Croatia, where they live in peace and tolerance - concluded Sabo.
 The journalists also said that in talks with Tadic of Serbia agreed to help in the further reconstruction of Vukovar. - I suggested that Serbia is rebuilding the street in Vukovar, the dragon, Andric or Preradovića - Sabo stated. And the President of the Coordinating Association of Homeland War Vukovar Ivan Kovacevic also said that Tadic&#39;s visit to Vukovar to expectations, but to then have to follow a much greater results. He said that it is no secret that the possession of the former JNA is what happened in Vukovar war, 1991. , and recorded or recorded video clips. - I expect that the Serbian president as supreme commander of the Serbian army affects the military service of his country to open their archives and make the material available to Croatia - Kovacic said, adding that it is an important issue in the interest of truth. When asked by reporters, the mayor of Vukovar Zeljko Sabo commented on the silent protest of mothers in Ovcara Vukovar, which were turned back while the presidents Josipovic and Tadic laid wreaths, expressing surprise that they are then &#39;joined MP HDZ Peter Mlinar.
 - I was surprised at his act, because it is a member of parliament who was part of the official protocol, but on what is the message sent by this act, I leave the HDZ to think - he said Sabo. Sanja Butigan
 