The study titled &quot;Outlook 2010&quot; UNAIDS has presented just before the beginning of the 18th International AIDS Conference in Vienna (18th-23.7). The survey covers about 12,000 respondents. People around the world continue as the most important problem that the world still faces just see the AIDS epidemic. Head of the UN program to fight AIDS (UNAIDS), Michel Sidibe said that half of respondents believe that the spread of HIV by 2015. fail to prevent. &quot;However, the other half believes that the biggest obstacle to a lack of money to fight this epidemic. And more than 70 percent believe that the funds should go into finding a cure for HIV prevention,&quot; said Sidibe. African countries &quot;better&quot; than the European Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Every year, 2.7 million newly infected study showed that one in three people believes that the greatest achievement so far the public awareness of AIDS.
 Below are the application programs to protect against HIV infection and the development of new antiretroviral therapy. From the research result that is less than fifteen African countries most affected by this epidemic, 25 percent decreased the number of young pregnant women infected with HIV. This includes countries like Botswana, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Kenya, Zimbabwe and Malawi. &quot;These excellent results indicate that young people behave responsibly, and later engage in sexual intercourse, have fewer partners and using condoms,&quot; said Sidibe. While the African countries recorded positive advances, Eastern Europe and Central Asia face major challenges. Deputy Executive Director of UNAIDS, Paul De Lay said that 57 percent of newly infected people in these regions exclusively infected intravenous drug injection. &quot;We notice an increase in the countries of Eastern Europe, namely Russia, Ukraine, Belarus and Georgia.
 The rest of the world to notice the decline infection, which can be associated with fewer risky behaviors, &quot;said De Lay. But in spite of prevention and a variety of programs, this global epidemic is still one of the world&#39;s problems. Number of HIV worldwide is now about 33 , 4 million, a year is recorded about 2.7 million newly infected. Authors: Lisa Schlein / Ljubicic M. Re. ed: Snjezana Kobešćak
 