On this day 1991st INA in the basement of a building in Zagreb, the Croatian Parliament unanimously public law has broken all ties with former Croatian Republic of Yugoslavia. Parliament is pushing to establish the Republic of Croatia no longer considered a legitimate and legally no one body of the former Yugoslavia, and not to recognize any valid legal act of any entity acting on behalf of the former federation, which no longer, as such, does not exist. This is a significant decision of Parliament passed after the previous day ended a three-month moratorium on the Croatian Constitutional decision of the independence and sovereignty of Parliament passed by the 25th June 1991. year. Specifically, the entry into force of this Decision was then adjourned for three months based on the Brijuni Declaration of 7 July, or at the request of the European Union to try to resolve the Yugoslav crisis peacefully. On the same day when the moratorium expired at the Croatian decision on independence, JNA planes bombed the historic town of Zagreb and the Ban&#39;s Palace, which was located the former government leadership headed by President Franjo Tudjman.
 Because of these circumstances, and possible new air attacks on Zagreb, the historic meeting of all three Parliamentary Council held on 8 October 1991. The INA in the basement of the building in Šubićeva street in Zagreb. Congratulations on the occasion of Independence Day Croatian citizens addressed the Croatian Parliament Speaker Luka Bebic. It is emphasized that this day an occasion to express gratitude to all veterans who defended Croatia from aggression and finally won a victory in a legitimate and just, defensive Patriotic War. The occasion was the opportunity to express our deep condolences to all the innocent victims killed, tortured, expelled from their homes. Congratulation was sent to Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor. She recalled that just days before the historic parliamentary decision, the aggressor JNA shelled the Ban&#39;s Palace, and tried to kill the Croatian state leadership, and noted that even today we remember with gratitude the first Croatian President
 Franjo Tudjman and give tribute to all Croatian defenders in izborenoj freedom. Kosor said in a congratulatory message to the government which led to persevere on the policy of clean hands, clear conscience and clean account. Croatian President Ivo Josipovic in his congratulatory message to citizens said that independence is the fundamental assumption that we as an independent and sovereign country, which has its own distinctive place in Europe and the world, could be responsible and independent decisions about their future. Sincerely, first of all remember all those who contributed to the achievement of age-old aspirations of the Croatian people to restore their independent state, and particularly Croatian soldiers who were in the war laid down their lives for the freedom of their homeland, he recalled Josipović. On the occasion of Independence Day by the Croatian Parliament held a solemn session yesterday. At that event, awarded the National Award for Science for 2009.
 Yesterday, the Parliament Speaker Luka Bebic, Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor and president Ivo Josipovic laid wreaths at the monument Voice of Croatian victims - Wall Mirogoju pain at the cemetery, the Central Cross in the Alley killed Croatian soldiers and the grave of the first Croatian President Franjo Tudjman. Josipovic President laid a wreath at the Tomb of national hero Mirogoju, at the grave of former Prime Minister Ivica Racan and the mass graves of unidentified victims from the war at the Crematorium. hin
 