As soon as the royal engagement citizen Kate Middleton and Prince William were published, and Britain was widely speculated about the details of the wedding. Date has not yet been determined, but says that it will be in March next year. Westminster Abbey and the Cathedral of St. Paul are the fiercest rivals when it comes to the ceremony site. And as Kate on Wednesday recorded as under the watchful scrutiny of the royal guards, visiting Westminster Abbey, which is due to her arrival earlier closed, it seems that it could be a place where the marriage of Kate to become a princess Catherine of Wales. In support of the selection of Westminster is the fact that there are married and William grandmother and great-grandmother. The oldest bride Kate and William announced their engagement on Tuesday at St. James&#39;s Palace. As a 28-year-old, Kate is the oldest royal bride in the history of England, and William knows how eight years, won the title of one of the longest in the history of the kingdom is waiting for His Highness proposes.
 And we might add that after William&#39;s mother Princess Diana and Kate become the most interesting members of the public house. Confirmation of popularity and impact on the public, her blue dress in which he formally announced her engagement. In fact, just 24 hours after she appeared in her dressed, dresses of 3500 kuna Brazilian designer Danielle Issa Helayel sold in all of London&#39;s boutiques. And the address of the designer of Issa, in which clothes to buy and Madonna, Kylie Minogue, Kate Moss and Scarlett Johansson, do not stop ordering new gowns arrive. It is similar with sapphire engagement ring that was flashed on the day Kate&#39;s hand. It once belonged to Diana, and she wore it on his hand 1981st when she married Prince Charles. After that it was copied jewelers around the world because he was very sought after, and is equally in demand now. Thus, the multi-Kate returned to the scene of Diana&#39;s spirit, and William was confirmed and the words: &quot;As I look at Kate&#39;s mother&#39;s ring on his hand, I feel that mom is there and not miss our wonderful moments.&quot; Separated for Christmas Middleton Family Wealth is acquired at account of the company Party Pieces, which produces equipment for the celebration.
 Kate, who was in the company was marketing director, stopped work in order to better prepare for the royal duties, and its character will now be enriched with some other dealers. This means that even in this most sought after souvenir of the moment on which are painted Kate and William. T-shirts with their characters, each must have a royal forge produced a plastic cast for a coin dedicated to the newlyweds. And the company Aynsley China, established in 1775th, but is prepared for the tea service and hand-gilded plates on which the two of them. It will be in English homes to celebrate Christmas with a cup of tea &quot;cups of Kate and William, and two of them will then be separated. It will be the last Christmas before the wedding, met with the family, and her chosen person William, a pilot in the RAF, working as a dežurati voluntarily agreed to release for the holidays work colleagues.
 