Action petition for a referendum against the amendments to the paper, which just takes to the streets of Croatian cities, is something much greater and more serious, hard Avberšek, and adds to the citizens and the unions hurt most statements of the Minister of Economy Duro Popijac that &quot;citizens do not know what sign &quot;. &quot;This is an attack on my intelligence and wit of all citizens,&quot; said Avberšek and says that citizens &quot;and you know how you sign&quot; and not to underestimate the intelligence of the citizens. He claims that in action there is no policy that says they support the SDP as the only political party is not particularly helped, but admits that the price support Dragutin Lesar and his &quot;Labour&quot;, because in him, as he explained, regardless of she went in politics &quot;remained what unionized, unlike MP Boris Kunst. He was described as someone &quot;who annoys every genuine trade unionists, and then the citizens.&quot;
 Petition on their own initiative and signed a declaration of religious representatives of the President of Ivo Josipovic not to sign the petition because he must remain neutral, Avberšek commented saying that the citizens expect from him more determination and support of church circles as &quot;problematic.&quot; He says he personally invited the church to get involved in the action, because it should do given the social orientation, and claims that some of the representatives of the church signed a petition on their own initiative, independently of the decisions of church leadership. Red-union liderica recognizable image, known as one of those uncompromising entered the Furious &quot;fajt&quot; with the government in the fight for workers&#39; rights, direct and temperamental person who does not deny a great deal of courage and success in battle led, he admits that there are trade union salary of 12,500 kuna. He said that for now they are missing about 18.5000 signatures for a referendum, and again urged all citizens to come out on Wednesday squares and sign the petition, to ensure the &quot;gold reserve&quot; of signatures in case some of the already collected is not valid.
 On the question of what follows after the signatures collected Avberšek responds that the next move will be to sit down with the government and the main objective will be to preserve the dignity of workers and to make labor law &quot;that will prevent a worker must bend your head tomorrow in front of the employer.&quot; &quot;The government does not appreciate the unions, it keeps us as the decor ...&quot; Avberšek warns that, contrary to the harder the government, government expenditures for the bonus, Christmas bonus and gifts for children from 650 million minor expenditure in the budget in relation to all other charges, and argues that the Government would not have given up on the announced amendments LA-and even if the unions agreed to a waiver of those rights. Evaluated and that the &quot;descents&quot; for the Croatian workers started the moment when the Croatian Employers &#39;Association started to create a framework of fairness to workers&#39; rights. He claims that the government does not appreciate at all the trade unions and to hold them as a sort of &quot;decor&quot; in order to outwardly show their democracy, but warned that this action is actually initiated by citizens, who are motivated unions to unite, instead of striferidden alkcija.
 &quot;The government is afraid because he sees that the union stands behind the large number of angry citizens. I should be afraid ... because people now say that&#39;s enough!&quot; Avberšek says. The decision of the Minister Minister on merger of health care institutions is considered useless, because it was not consulted for the waist or collected opinions from health professionals, which expects another, sixth reform. Burning issue in healthcare, she warned, &quot;the order, work and responsibility,&quot; and all that, he claims, none of the reforms implemented so far failed to provide.
 