Political systems are not shared by the fascist and anti-fascist, but the liberal, democratic, authoritarian, totalitarian. Since fascism contains anticapitalist, anti-socialist, anti-communist, antiliberalna, anti-theist, and opposed to the church properties, we have a variety of anti-fascism, according to this viewpoint from which to criticize fascism. Stalin and Roosevelt were anti-fascists, but the vast differences among them. The communist anti-fascism is a conflict of two totalitarian ideologies of fascism and communism (though there are opinions of Political Science, to fascism, unlike communism and Nazism, not a totalitarian, authoritarian rather than ideology). When he declared anti-fascist, communism does not define itself by what it is, intolerant and totalitarian ideology of class struggle, but by that which he opposes. It was the spoof, epic Stalin&#39;s propaganda thirties of last century, the world looked away from his purges and mass murders, and to show the vanguard of democracy, in order to get the impression that those who are unwilling to Stalin to Hitler.
 It also attempted to conceal the fact that the Marxist communism essentially totalitarian. The communist anti-fascism has historically had the character of an ideology whose goal was to legitimize the communist repression and one-party system. Today, the communist &quot;neoantifašizam&quot; Demonology in Croatia, which increasingly resembles fascism against whom to fight, and which aims to justify the crimes committed by the Communists without trial or punishment committed. Will be time to give a hint, that the communists are good executioners, and Fascists are bad executioners. Now let the communist anti-fascism in the former Yugoslavia. Partizansko-communist movement during the Second World War in this region fought for the Soviet Yugoslavia, and not for the independent Croatian state. The Communists have spent a socialist revolution, and not primarily a war for the liberation of the country by the Italian fascist and German Nazi occupiers.
 As a servant of the Comintern Communists in Croatia 22.6.1941. entered the war to relieve the USSR in its struggle against Hitler, and before that were quiet while Hitler and Stalin komadali Poland. Im not bothered either non-aggression pact between Nazism and communism (Ribbentrop-Molotov 1939).. Yugoslav communist &quot;anti-fascists&quot; at the end of the war and during the post-war period proved committed mass murder not only captured and disarmed members of the Croatian National Army, but also civilians, women, children and the elderly. These crimes were neither individual nor arbitrary &quot;excesses&quot;, but systematic, long planned and ruthlessly enforced. Their enumeration would overcame space permitted under this article. Many of these terrible crimes yet discovered (eg, Tabor). They can legally qualify as war crimes and crimes against humanity. But the Communists have committed genocide, as defined in the Genocide Convention of 1948.
 year. In Tito&#39;s Yugoslavia was more than 100 000 political prisoners, mostly Croats, with an average duration of a prison sentence of 4.2 years per prisoner. Indeed, the price of the communist &quot;anti-fascism&quot; is the biggest massacre in history (over 200 million dead worldwide). It is not surprising, therefore, that the sociologist Klaus Jacobi puts Josip Broz Tito in tenth place megaubojica war, because he gave kill about a million and one hundred thousand people (&quot;BBC News&quot; 09/13/2004).. None of the perpetrators of these crimes has not been held accountable even in communist Yugoslavia, even in today&#39;s Croatia. We are now in Croatia, we are faced with the black side of our totalitarian and criminal past .. Dealing with this historical stain is an essential prerequisite for the democratization of Croatian society. It is necessary, therefore, deideologizirati and objectify the recent Croatian history that our ideological and distorted imposed regime, &quot;the bloodiest in the history of Utopia&quot; (Brzezinski).
 As part decommunisation spiritual and political climate of Croatian, which is a prerequisite for genuine democracy in Croatia, will be removed from the Croatian Constitution mention making ZAVNOH as an alleged source of the basis of Croatian statehood, because it was just a facade ZAVNOH one Communist Party, which is a legitimate liberation struggle against foreign occupiers Croatian unprecedented historical forgery appropriated as his own merits, although the Communist Party fought for the Soviet and communist Yugoslavia, and not for the independent Croatian state. ZAVNOH is a symbol of the State, where the party was more spies than nurses, in which you are unhappy, if you say what you think and make you happy if you said you do not think, in which prison any more &quot;dangerous elements &quot;politically undesirable, but criminals, in which the party and its&quot; greatest son &quot;knew best what is right literature, economics and philosophy, in which the election results were known months before the election.
 He had every right to Cardinal Bozanic, when he pronounced the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the massacre Macelj, where Tito&#39;s partisans in May-June 1945. killed without trial 13-30000 Croats who were in the columns of the Cross, that &quot;the historic Croatian anti-fascism, without the historical Croatian anticommunism, close at ideology of class hatred and terror.&quot; &quot;Nobody has the moral right to call the anti-fascists, who was not at the same time and anti-communist &quot;(Hanna Arendt-writer tortured in Nazi concentration camps). Therefore, the Croatian anti-fascism should not be confused with the so-called. communist anti-fascism, in order to try and unfortunately the highest political leadership of Croatian. Prof. Dr. Branimir Luksic, Split
 