Fans of Lady Gaga came on their own. Not only can you begin to count down the days until her concert on Friday at the Zagreb Arena, but the lessons! Noæenje the Esplanade Madonna 21st century we will not stay with their poèastiti a day before the spectacle. With a suite of 130 people who care about her and her tour &quot;Monster Ball&quot;, Gaga is coming to Zagreb on the day of the concert directly from Belfast. According to unofficial sources, the Croatian capital megastar The U.S. will remain one day and spend the night at The Regent Esplanade Zagreb, and then go to Budapest, which already has a new gig 7th November Although the ekscentriènosti its appearance seems like a spoiled diva and too demanding, likely by modest wishes to her in Zagreb must be met, Lady Gaga is not like that. - It is pretty simple and self-effacing and do not require a lot - said Sanjay Ajdinovski from Lupa promotion, organizers of the Zagreb things the season, and continued: - All that is asked is, 500 kilograms of ice in the arena and required four oxygen bottles on stage.
 Although the wardrobe in the hall and locked well èuvana, Gaga has sought to put an extra on the door locks. The singer has no nutritional demands for water with you and your catering and chefs. Thus, the entire machinery is only for themselves so it is not strange that all these people and equipment weighs 70 tons, which will hang from the roof of the Arena Zagreb tegljaèa come in 30 and 13 buses. Photo javno257, javno257 - The point of what I do is that for their fans create a space in which they will be able to celebrate what they are. As a teenager I did not fit in any society and osjeæala I like a freak. All that so I feel in me a friend - said Lady Gaga for her fans, the so-called little monsters and put them in the forefront of their work. And it is those fashion eccentric as their role model, and in Croatia, which has a large number, in advance of the concert with his sweet care. Fans of her most important - We get lots of mails, among them was the one worried about the girls that would come to a concert with the cans on her hairstyle would &quot;play&quot; uvijaèe, and is concerned about whether the precautionary measures at the entrance uopæe be able to enter the concert - they say in Lupi.
 So those who are preparing an outfit similar to those poruèuju organizers will be able to freely come in - if only to yourself, or with you they do not have items that someone was injured as possible!
 