Zagreb - Croatian National team Roma, which is founded in 2005. Today, in boxes of matches mirrors with representatives of local authorities on the occasion of the &quot;ball against discrimination, racism and poverty.&quot; Despite the result in this match was important, both teams gave their best to meet the expectations of hundreds of visitors who came to cheer their favorites. At the end of the match was a victory of the Roma soccer team, which celebrated the 8 vs. 7th Boris Sprem explained that the sports event organized after representatives of the Roma community connect with the city councilors. - With this match we send a message that we want to manage the city highlight the problems and needs of the Roma community because there are still lots of issues around education, housing and employment. All these conditions should be better addressed to the Roma could better contribute to and integrate into the society of the City and beyond - he was City Council president, Boris Sprem.
 &quot;It must be viewed the entire issue of Roma living in the City,&quot; said Boris Sprem, adding that he believes that today&#39;s event made intensive contacts, which may, as in the case of Nura Ismailovski, sezati up seats in parliament. Coming together through sport Br Zarko Relota also participated The match to, say, &quot;support a positive initiative.&quot; - As a Catholic priest can not afford not to be present and not to give my contribution. So although it is possible that this is just a drop in the ocean, drop by drop occurs slap. Each of us as there may seem good, maybe we can not establish an elementary school for Roma but we can think about it, we may be able to integrate Roma into Croatian society, the same year but we will achieve it in ten years it is possible to dream about - he said Relota. - We realized that if we distance ourselves from these projects and also distance ourselves from the desire for people to become closer to each other.
 Unable to get to know them, no matter how great was our prejudices if they do not socialize with them, and you can not hang with them if they get close and they can not be close if not just participate in such initiatives - said the friar . Nura Ismailovski city representative in the Assembly of the City of Zagreb and members of the Roma ethnic minority in the work of the committee for minority and local coordination for the human rights advocates to protect those who need help and support is most needed. - I think this will help a lot with the motto of &quot;ball against discrimination, racism and poverty&quot; which is actually the daily problems faced by members of the Roma minority. Today we show the public that the Roma are second-class people and that they should be accepted as equals. Differences make us should not combine separate - she was Ismailovski, Master of Pharmacy.
 Although as yet no concrete steps towards integration, the action plan being implemented at the state, the City should take over and as soon as 2015. solve the problems in education, employment and housing, which often occur precisely at Roma explained Ismailovski. Missing support Toti Dedic, the menu of Roma representation and president of the World Association of Roma, said the main draw, and members of minorities from the &quot;ghetto&quot; so they can live normally and did not have to sell drugs or to beg on the street. Initiatives recognize the nobility of the HNS in whose name came Secretary, Zorislav Srebric. But, lacking the help of political leadership that has so far ignored the demands of &quot;Totija&quot; to co &quot;European Congress of Roma in the sport&quot; that should be held on January 29 and 30 March in Zagreb.
 