Photo: Goran Mehkek / Cropix SDP submitted a request for censure, and asks for it or its inclusion in the agenda. The request was signed by 58 members of SDP, HNS, IDS, HSU, HL and HSP. Up to discussion and voting must pass at least seven and a maximum of a month. If This point should be included in the agenda of the parliamentary session the government has a deadline of eight days to be reflected on him. SDP Kosor and hold responsible for the decline in standards of citizens and of GDP, rising unemployment and external debt. He also insists the failure of the implementation of announced reforms in the tax system, health care, pension and social system, and hold public administration and judiciary bringing the overall functioning of the state brought to you in a very serious situation. The opposition alleges that the prime minister has lost credibility because of the large and insurmountable conflicts within the HDZ, and the numerous scandals and criminal proceedings related to the members and leaders of the party, and mutual accusations you make, and distrust among members of government and other officials Longer.
 Hebrang theirs to kukurièu &quot;At the moment there is no other, this government is so bad that about her, if anything, should be openly discussed, and the prime minister,&quot; said Zoran Milanoviæ. The HDZ has said that the SDP their initiative does not work in the interests of Croatian. &quot;Their kukurièu to, and not to work, and they kukurièu, recently more and more. This time odkukurikali request to dismiss the government at a time when it slowed down negotiations, What are you talking about there are all the louder alert from the EU&quot;, Hebrang said, adding that the SDP request smashed at a time when it heats up the fight against crime and corruption, and the SDP would obviously want a bit slow. Iduæa In two months the opposition will try twice to overthrow the government, but they do not have enough arm, plans to tear down the Budget, HTV reports. Analysts agree that you in the far outweighs the possibility that the Government slips on the budget, but the vote of confidence.
 New constitution to ¾ that the Croatian Parliament shall hold central budget majority vote of all members, which means 77 parliamentary arm. If you bud et is not passed within 120 days after he offered to Parliament, the Prime Minister suggests e ¾ presidential dissolution of Parliament. Opposition days already trying to recruit minority dealers, warning that the last time to change political parties. Allegedly to stay Kosor premier place to decide the SDSS, which could have three representatives. SDP search and oèitovanje Kosor denial of the Hungarian prime minister to the beginning of the session of Parliament Caucus and the SDP also asks that the Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor appears in the Croatian Parliament. From the premier search e Hungarian explanation of denial Prime Minister Viktor Orban, which states that he has not spoken with her on a new contract between INA and MOL. SDP member Nenad Staziæ It is said that if the Hungarian prime minister by ¾, the word was on a diplomatic dispute, and if the Croatian prime minister is not telling the truth, the word is a serious offense which has to be discussed in the Croatian Parliament.
 Reminiscent of, the Office of the Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban poruèio the Hungarian media through a spokesperson that Bertalan Havasija Orban with Croatian Prime Minister Kosor not even talked by phone or in person. Reminiscent, previously a newspaper incorrectly quoted the Prime Minister&#39;s statement and wrote that the Parliamentary researchers term the committee for INA said in a telephone conversation with Orban launched a question of the revision of the contract with MOL and arranges a meeting at which will be on the topic in more detail to discuss . The government quickly denied the information a statement claiming that the Prime Minister is in a telephone interview with the Hungarian Prime Minister Orban continued negotiations on the revision of share agreement between INA and MOL, but the SDP decided today, however, claims you additional explanation. Share
 