 Of course, exceptions are always possible, but if it is an exception to this must be a valid reason, which is then specified on the talk page. Top Lists (2006th-2007th) Peak position Australia 1 France 1 Norway 1 Canada 1 Germany 1 United States (Billboard Hot 100) 1 United Kingdom 1 If the top sheet of a single mistake remixes or alternate versions of the same to be stated as follows: Charts (2002.) Peak position Australia 1 France 1 Norway 1 Canada 1 Germany 1 United States (Billboard Hot 100) 1 United Kingdom 1 If a song is not due to the official list of some top state and landed airplay on such a list of the top state, It is stated as follows Charts (2002.) Peak position Australia (ariplay) 1 France (digitlani Downloads) 1 Canada (ariplay) 1 Norway (ariplay) 1 Germany (ariplay) 1 [edit] List of top list by country here a list of top singles and albums lists by country.
 These charts are official and as such suitable for articles on Wikipedia. If there is any charts that you believe is the official, but are not listed here, suggest it on the talk page. Country Albums Singles Australia ARIA Albums Top 50 ARIA Singles Top 50 Austria Austrian Albums Chart Ö3 Austria Top 40 Belgium (Flanders) ULTRATOP 50 albums ULTRATOP 50 Belgium (Wallonia) Brazil ULTRATOP 40 TOP 20 Semanal Billboard Brasil Czech Czech IFPI Albums Chart ariplay Czech IFPI Chart Denmark Danish Albums Chart Tracklisten Top-40 Europe European Top 100 Albums Eurochart Hot 100 Singles Finland Finnish Finnish Albums Chart Singles Chart France SNEP SNEP Top 200 Albums Top 100 Singles Greece Greece IFPI Top 50 The Radio1 Hot 75 Croatia Croatian music charts Ireland Irish Albums Chart Irish Singles Chart Italy FIMI FIMI Albums Top 50 Singles Top 50 Japan Oricon Albums Chart Japan Hot 100 | Oricon Singles Chart Canada Canadian Albums Chart Canadian Hot 100 1 Hungary Mahasz Mahasz Album Top 40 Single Top 10 List of Mexico AMPROFON Albums Top 100 - Netherlands Dutch Album Top 100 Dutch Top 40 Norway VG Topp 40 Album VG Topp 20 Single RIANZ New Zealand Top 40 Albums Chart RIANZ Top 40 Singles Chart German Media Control Albums Top 100 Media Control Singles Top 100 Poland Polish Album Chart Top 50 - Portugal Portugal Albums Top 30 - Russia - Russian Airplay Chart U.S. Billboard Hot 200 Billboard 100 Slovakia - Slovakian IFPI ariplay chart Slovenia - RTV SLO Spain Top 17 Lista de Albums Lista de Canciones Sverige Sweden Top 60 Album Top 60 Singlar Sverige Switzerland Schweizes Alben Top 100 Switzerland Singles Top 100 UK UK UK Albums Chart Singles Chart Notes 1 By the 1990s Canada&#39;s top official has published a list of RPM, and 2007.
 Canadian Singles Chart, and after 2007. Canadian Hot 100 [Edit] Prohibited charts There are some charts that look official, but they are not. Associates may be able to top the list by mistake and an official from the razgloga use them in articles. [Edit] Croatian [edit] International [edit] Web site [change] United States of America top the list as the world&#39;s largest market of singles, is treated differently from other states. In the U.S. there is a large number of charts, but here is a list that must go into the article, to help staff find their bearings. The only allowed U.S. album charts is Billboad 200th Below is a list of top U.S. singles charts that can be used in articles. Conditions acceptable to the charts if the song is due to top the Billboard Hot 100 list, then the article may include the following charts: If a song is not due to top the Billboard Hot 100 list, then the article may include the following charts: If a song is not due on the top list of Hot Dance Club Songs, then the article may include the following charts: If a song is not due to top the list Hot Latin Songs, then the article may include the following charts: If a song is not reached on the top list of Hot R &amp; B / Hip -Hop Songs, then the article may include the following charts: If the song has not reached the top list of Hot Rap Songs, then the article may include the following charts: If the song has not reached the top list of Rock Songs, then the paper can include the following charts: [edit] Archives Character Meaning Bestsellers on this page is properly archived.
 Top list on this page is not properly archived. [Edit] Singles State Archives Notes αCharts.us Hung Medien else Australia Austria Belgium (Flanders) Belgium (Wallonia) Brazil Archives is located in the magazine, which comes out monthly. The online version of the archive does not exist. Czech Archives is located on the website www.ifpicr.cz. Denmark Europe archive is located on the website www.billboard.com. Finland France Germany Greece Archives is located on the website www.radio1.gr Ireland Italy Japan (Japan Hot 100) Archives is located on the website www.billboard.com. Canada (Canadian Hot 100) Archives is located on the website www.billboard.com. Hungary archive is located on the website www.mahasz.hu. Netherlands (Dutch Top 40) New Zealand Norway Arhvia for Hung Medien is only available with registration. On acharts.us nepostoji archive all the charts, but is visible only to the highest position the song.
 Russian Archives is located on the website www.tophit.ru. USA archive is also available on the website www.billboard.com. Slovakia archive is located on the website www.ifpicr.cz. Slovenia archive is located on the website www.rtvslo.si. Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom The best archives are located on the website chartstats.com. [Edit] Albums State Archives Notes αCharts.us Hung Medien else Australia Austria Belgium (Flanders) Belgium (Wallonia) Brazil Archives is located on the website www.abpd.org.br. Czech Archives is located on the website www.ifpicr.cz. Denmark Europe archive is located on the website www.billboard.biz. Finland France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Japan archive is located on the website www.oricon.co.jp. Canada Archives is located on the website jam.canoe.ca. Hungary archive is located on the website www.mahasz.hu. Mexico Netherlands New Zealand Norway Poland Archives is located on the website olis.onyx.pl.
 Portugal USA archive is located on the website www.billboard.com. Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom The best archives are located on the website chartstats.com. [Edit] Croatian National Singles Category Source / fun Hrtop20 Pop-rock/urbana Hrtop20 Foreign Music Albums Radio Open Source Category Domestic Foreign Albums Albums HDU HDU Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedija:Top-ljestvice &quot;
 