The first reaction in business circles at the announcement of Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor that the state would immediately sell stakes in companies less than 25 percent of the capital, saying that it is a stock where you will not realize God knows what kind of earnings. Estimated, namely, on the basis of a portfolio of the Croatian Privatization Fund, the state shares in the drum are not relevant to corporate governance or for them, there is particular interest. However, as the &quot;Slobodna&quot; unofficially confirmed in one of the state institutions in charge of privatization, the sale will go to the owner&#39;s share of the other state institutions in firms - Croatian Pension Insurance Institute and Croatian Health Insurance Institute, above all. Our sources also say that the state government&#39;s portfolio is still a chaotic condition, and prior to privatization, he added, should be considered as the pooling of state ownership. In support of the latter rating and information go to packages of shares in companies there and the State Agency for Deposit Insurance and Bank Rehabilitation and public companies and subsidiaries are wholly owned.
 Adriatic hotels when it comes to the portfolio of the CPF in the Croatian economy, its nominal value of 11 billion and 524 million, but in reality it is a much lower value. How much less, it will be clearer after the sell-off. In accordance with the Prime Minister announced at the beginning of the text, not to be seen selling the majority of states that typically achieve a higher price. Among the more attractive to companies with majority state ownership include, among others, Kutinska Petrochemical Insurance and Croatia. And the list of companies with minority state ownership has a higher-quality stocks. The state still, for example, holds 6.85 percent stake in DIOKI, in print 15.69, Sugar 11.63 Osijek, Koncar Electrical Industries 8.91 and 2.53 percent of Croatia Airlines. All the stock should, if the Prime Minister&#39;s announcements come true, soon to be offered on the market. States, according to the excerpt from the portfolio of the CPF, there are still small stakes in many hotels, Adriatic, like Dubrovnik coast, guidance and SUPETRUS from Supetar and in PIK&#39;s (Orahovica, Zagreb) and the textile industry, among other things in čakovečkome MTC-in .
 Vedran Marjanovic Photo: Getty Exchange Offer or the State Earnings will depend on how the sale of minority stakes, or whether the shares will be sold on an exchange or through initial public offering. Neither one nor the other way in recent years have not brought CPF too much success.
 