Equalizer goal Croatian REUTERS Croatia is in the field of participants and the SP-tied. Slovakia is against the strong Croatian team &quot;pulled&quot; 1:1. Everyone seems happy, nobody lost. But who are the real effects of performances in Bratislava? Slaven Bilic has marked the meeting as a &quot;dress rehearsal&quot; before the start of qualification for Euro 2012. What are the conclusions of the menu brought from Bratislava? Is there a defined composition, which will 3rd September start in the clash with Latvia in Riga (and four days later in Zagreb with Greece)? - I am pleased, especially due to the fact that we have received confirmation that the offensive, we have more options. However, fresh worries for me there since I lead this team. Of course, provided that the players are healthy and have continuity of appearance in the club - said Bilic. Bilic has left the system (4-4-2), which has achieved a result in qualifying for Euro 2008. It is estimated that players who currently has a better work schedule at 4-2-3-1.
 The last four matches practiced this system (2010. Only against Belgium Croatia played 3-5-2). - It is not necessary to model the game in Bratislava start qualifying for the Euro. Against Slovakia, we had an overhanging forward (Olic) and another on the lateral position (Defoe). It is important to how players arrive at the final action. It depends on the movement of the ball, and in this segment have not had any problems so far. Misfortunes that Bilic was in a meeting with Slovakia, playing without a left-handed (Strinić, Pranjić), follow-up and injury Vedran Corluka. His long-term problems with ankle (three-month conservative therapy is not remedied injury) escalated during a match in Bratislava. Medical checkup in London should in the coming days to respond Bilic: I can count on Corluka at the beginning of qualifications? And just in the last line (after the departure of Simic, R. Kovac and hybrids), Croatia has become a team - the thinnest.
 - Open the possibility of calling Video and Lovren. They are a young team relinquished the experiment with Norway. But now, a selection has priority. They have already played in the senior part on their bills in the upcoming qualifiers. From Belgrade to back Robert Prosinecki. With the match Serbia - Greece (0:1) rendered the menu, a handful of impressions and concerns. Croatian team&#39;s biggest rival in the upcoming qualifiers played a &quot;high level&quot;. - Beogradska the match confirmed that Greece is a serious team. Although it did not pass the first round of the World Cup, the Greeks showed a lot of good. The new menu is a tactical brought refreshments. At the same time, Krunoslav Jurcic was in Prague in a match Czech Republic - Latvia (4:1). A first meeting of a new cycle izlučnog Croatia game in Riga. - And here we must be careful. Until 55th minute it was 0:0. Latvia has the quality of Greece, but it deserves respect. M. BARIŠA
 