Photo: Elvis Tabaković latest ultimatum from Brussels back the Serbs, be reconciled to give them pensions Pearl Fabrio / 26.10.2010. 23:20:15 What is written in a European Commission report on the progress of Croatian, which will be released 9th November, the last such document as it will make Brussels Zagreb before completing negotiations on the accession of our country in the EU last European Commission report on Croatia, which will be published on 9th November, might as Globus learned from well-informed diplomatic sources, make some very dramatic, unexpected bad news. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso, he broke the bubble of euphoria integration statement that Croatia will not get a date until the end the negotiation process. No date, does not see the final goal, or when it will be attainable. The European Commission wants more evidence that Croatia needs to deliver as soon as possible. A lot of challenges. Barroso lack of internal justice, the date the agreement of the Union which is not strictly tied to Croatia, but no candidate for the 28th
 in the EU makes further nervous. The last inspection report will, we learn, a lot sharper since published before the end of the negotiations. However, the timing should not relativize the content of comments which will be found in it. &quot;The completion of negotiations is possible next year, but if Croatia intensify its efforts,&quot; said Barroso, adding that Croatia has made great progress, but it remained &quot;a lot of challenges in the toughest sections: judicial reform, fight against corruption and organized crime, war crimes and refugee and minority issues, and full cooperation with ICTY remains crucial to join the EU. &quot;Barroso stressed that they needed evidence on the implementation of reforms. The last minute. Evidence, it means that it is not enough to give assurances that the situation will change for the better. Now is the time, says Brussels officials, the sum of all accounts and all resolved with as soon as the years (or decades) getting put off.
 Specifically, the recognition of the fact that Croatia is very specifically set out in the showdown with corruption, and the fact that the situation with the shipyard has not promising, a new report from Brussels will record that Croatia has not done enough in terms of protection of minorities, ie, &quot;that the rights and freedoms should more seriously than it takes in Croatia, as Croatian counterparts recently vividly presented a high-ranking Western diplomat. This refers primarily to the question of the Serbian minority in Croatia. Their rights, and that includes not only the right to return but also the right to a pension, must seek Brussels, will be guaranteed and neoskrvnuta. Otherwise ... Details from the report &quot;leaked&quot; the diplomatic channels, but the text is not yet available. High sources of stress that the achievements of the Croatian in the fight against corruption and protecting human rights and freedoms was very critical of the German Commissioner Löning Markus, who is a member of the liberal head of the German Foreign Minister Guido Westewellea, a mid-September was in Zagreb.
 He talked with the Croatian judges, representatives of minorities and Zeljko Jovanovic, SDP Ovce and president of the National Council for Combating Corruption. Löning is, say German sources, was nezadvoljan and reiterated that it is a serious business that should be seriously considered and understood. At the highest level of the German state Angela Merkel and Guido Westerwelle want Croatia to enter EU, says Globus resources, but there are gaps that need to be corrected and that the commissioner spoke Löning. We spoke with this high-ranking German officials and found him in New York. But he was very willing to explain from where its supposed to &quot;dissatisfaction&quot; - Protection of minorities and human rights and justice, they are in fact fundamental values. That job will be very seriously, and not superficial and that the expected results. I really like the whole process even more boost. Croatia may not be the final criterion in the achievements of the region, but legislation and conduct 27 parliaments of the EU.
 Processes must be transparent, in Croatia, the judges must choose a transparent manner, human rights must be protected, it should not be left aside. I said and Croatian counterparts, and after I stressed that this work must be taken seriously. It seems to me that there is an understanding of what needs to be done and what actions are expected, but all this should be done. This evidence was expected and the criteria we seek - said exclusive to our list German Commissioner. Globus has managed to learn some details of the upcoming report: for example, the EU will again invite Croatia to implement measures aimed at increasing tolerance in society and reconciliation among ethnic groups. For this to be especially insistent. Croatia will have to first of all to encourage a spirit of tolerance toward the Serbian minority and to take appropriate measures to protect those who may still be subject to threats or acts of discrimination, hatred or violence, the Globe has learned.
 &quot;Croatia must take measures against racism and xenophobia, including raising public awareness, training and examination of the role of education and media and checking the response to racist incidents in the political and police level. EU calls to fill gaps in the existing legal framework, including investigating the possibility of amendments to the Law on Misdemeanors to introduce a misdemeanor violation of public peace and order challenged on racist, ethnic, religious and other grounds, &quot;one of the requirements of Brussels. The EU stresses the importance of further progress in this area, not only in the interests of justice in Croatia but also to improve the process of reconciliation in Croatia and the region. In this context, the EU also encouraged Croatia to continue to deal with those who were reported missing during the conflict 90-ies and to put an end to impunity when it comes to the many unexplored and unprocessed crimes from 90-be and to break the resistance at the local level when it comes to the investigation and initiation of criminal proceedings for certain crimes.
 Praise Josipoviću. The report will, of course, record that the president made a lot of order on the regional level državničkoj normalization was complete. So will the report praised Josipovic apology in Sarajevo, tour of the suffering of all peoples in BiH, and the meeting with Boris Tadic, whose arrival was announced in Vukovar, in November, just in time when the city experienced a war calvary. The EU will warn you that has not done enough to guarantee a gender at the micro level, but that division is still great. This is the last chance for Croatia, black on white, receives complaints and criticism, or that they remain registered in an official document, so this is why the criticism might surprise the public. Moreover, in this equation should be added to the diplomatic efforts Serbian diplomacy in recent months to be somewhat slow process intergacije in Southeast Europe, or to wait a bit and Croatia&#39;s integration with the finale.
 It is necessary to emphasize the Globus interviewees, the situation look into something broader, regional context. &quot;There is action, or attempt to situations in the region, little stirs. We have not fallen on it. The age of naivety Croatian diplomacy has long been completed. We tried, in a very concrete examples to show that the issue of minority protection and human rights, things really changed for the better and that this systematic approach by which we give up, &quot;says one source Globus, not at all surprised by the fact that in the media and diplomatic circles information appeared to be just human rights to be the opposite of what is presented to the Croatian side had expected. Prime Minister Ivo Josipovic, Globus journalists who were contacted, said the report was not seen and did not know what is in it. Croatian diplomatic sources added that one should not create panic and to report the European Commission will be clearly recorded Croatian efforts.
 However, the troublesome fact that suddenly appears again, the issue of human rights and freedoms which have long been solved and should be closed. Human rights in Croatia, as a growing problem, not singled past ten years. A sign that there was a normalization was the fact that the high side of delegations and representatives of international &quot;humanitarian&quot; stopped &quot;pilgrimage&quot; in Eastern Slavonia and Knin. Now, however, for some reason, efforts have been made are not sufficient. The U.S. State Department, in its regular report, is the first criticism of some trends in Croatia in the field of human rights, and those documents are indexed and Brussels diplomats. At the 16-page report on Croatia in general presents a favorable evaluation of the situation of human rights, but also problems such as backlogs in the judiciary, inefficient processing of some domestic war crimes, the slow return of property of religious communities, except the Catholic church, and the difficulties faced by the Serbian returnees.
 Reference is also discrimination against ethnic minorities, particularly Serbs and Roma, violence against women, and those suffering from HIV / AIDS. State Department says progress in many areas, such as the disappearance of violence by Serbian returnees in most Croatian except the hinterland of Zadar and Sibenik, and complete the process of restoring Serbian houses and their restoration. Furio Radin, representative of the Italian minority, told the Globe on Tuesday afternoon said that he absolutely agrees that there is still work to be done, but that since 2000. onwards in terms of protection of minority and human rights made great strides forward. &quot;Of course, there is still a job that we should do, but the current situation is such that we should slow down entry into the Union and the issue of minorities and protection of human rights is something to be done still, but nikakok should not become an obstacle because a lot of work over the past 10 years napravljno, &quot;says Radin.
 Reding thrilled, skeptical Barroso President of the European Commission could not get over the praise which he gave his Croatian Deputy Prime Minister Contrary to what the eyes have seen, and ear heard, Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor, had not received such wide support in Brussels, as you might infer from the words and gesture Commissioner Viviane Reding. Commissioner Reding is ahead Croatian correspondents, almost kissed the Prime Minister, praised as a strong woman, and that in political parlance means decisive, clear, uncompromising and very courageous, and more, praised the &quot;remarkable progress Croatian&quot;. Just let that continue, &quot;said commissioner for justice and fundamental human rights, and will&quot; build a strong Croatia where honesty prevails, where independence of the judiciary is a normal thing, which is good for business, and is particularly good for Croatian children, for their future &quot;. The enthusiasm was so unusual, that choice of words, body language, that we, the handful of Croatian Brussels correspondent almost left without a word.
 But not just me. In his office, European Commission President Barroso is a very unpleasant surprise. Portuguese is, I hear, he sat down and thought about what to make now, after it was Reading back in their own way, usosila. It was first brought in an awkward situation when it is very strongly attacked Sarkozy for repatriation of Roma in France and dared to intolerable over-the metaphor of the transports of Jews in the Second World War. Paris is easy to anger, and hard to forget, and even now, where it can, by the way, metaphorically speaking, the Commission declined because of Redingičine statement. Viviane Reding, vice president of the European Commission, therefore it is very high in the Hierarchy, but, for example, the position occupied by Catherine Ashton is more important. But Lady Ashton was not able to impose, and this Luksemburžanka, although coming from a miniature of the country is in a lower position, that is. Commissioner Reding also does not hide his ambition to succeed Mr Barroso as president of the European Commission, and that is why sometimes a car zajuri in a file.
 Now Reding, the new, although many benign, soloing, Barroso put in a situation that is set according to what she is politically defined, and it&#39;s very high support of the European Commission, the Croatian government. Several hours after potpresjednice Commission, Jose Manuel Barroso gave a statement, a positive but moderate. In his version, Croatian progress is &quot;fantastic&quot; but only &quot;good&quot;. Barroso has dropped the ball, but again, could not go much below that as the vice president told the Commission. In the end, though much more restrained, Barroso, and Reding, gave support Kosor. Support is enough to give her the wind at your back, but not enough to relax and especially when it comes to anti-corruption campaign. There are not yet convinced that its anti-corruption fight is real, and yet many think the campaign depends on the political impact. Last week, the expert conference on the Western Balkans, held in Bratislava, organized by the Slovak government, I had the opportunity among the very competent diplomats from several European countries, some of which are in their home countries in charge of post-Yugoslav space and among experts that follow this detailed record, inquire about Croatia.
 The requirement for a free conversation in these circumstances is keeping anonymity so that he could not identify the caller, but they can convey what they said. All expressed a deep suspicion that Croatia will take on the issue of the shipyard. Deep, deep suspicion. As regards the judiciary, this large and complex chapter, will look at several elements. The first is cooperation with the Hague Tribunal, the other anti-corruption campaign and the fight against organized crime, the third human and minority rights, return of Serbs. None of these elements should not be ignored. Suppose that the verdict will be made generals in December. Also in December, Chief Prosecutor Brammertz will give its report to the Security Council and we hope that Croatia will not be mentioned. Even though - no one knows. Fighting organized crime is not proved a great success, are not satisfactorily resolved or Pukanic case, and many, who knows why, I do not see in what a rogue as it is heated in prison convincing killer of Ivana Hodak.
 The biggest test for the EU, however, is associated with cross-border crime, primarily with smuggling people into the EU then end up as asylum seekers. What can qualify Croatia is a positive anti-corruption campaign, a systematic, sustainable and independent. European countries are considered to be more evidence that the anti-corruption campaign is real - because they all certainly raised eyebrows when he Reding praised by Jadranka Kosor. (I Sabalić)
 