HNK Sloga Uskoplje Croatian football club Uskoplje in BiH. Contents [edit] Club history [edit] From inception until 1991. The history of club football in Uskoplje began back in 1946th year when, in September, and the lovers of this sport Nikola Juričević, Ante Tomic Ivo Bradić, Smoljić Stipe and others, formed a football club Sloga. The first two years NK Sloga not performed in competitions, they played friendly matches with teams from neighboring towns of Bugojno, Travnik, Novi Travnik, that since 1948. participated in competitions in Zenica, Sarajevo and Lasva podsavezu. The first stadium in Uskoplje built in 1949. year (the site of today&#39;s building fighters). Thanks to Mr. Ivo Bradić, uskopaljskom famous tailor, who was already in those years was commissioner NK Dinamo Zagreb, FK is known that the Maksimir club received the first complete set of sports equipment. The backbone of the team, early fifties, they did Zvonko and Hrvoje Malinar, Stipo Dikic, Ljubo Smoljić, Zrinka Kovacevic, Nikola Juričević, Ivica Smoljić, Sulejman Riđal, Fahrija Spencer, Tahir Alicea.
 Serious work and enthusiasm has brought good results so that composing became stable ligase. One can say that composing his most brilliant moment was the late seventies and early eighties when it was one of the best teams in the Regional League South and Center, after in 1986. year there was a reorganization of the competition. Good sports scores accompanied the high quality work by the Board in 1979. The complete modern stadium Košute with locker rooms, bleachers, athletic track and other necessary infrastructure that enabled high-quality work of all selections in the club. At that time youth team Sloga was the best in Zenica podsavezu. Young footballers Sloge were the winners of the Cup competition in the Zenica region of the then Premiership club of steel from Zenica and sparks from Bugojno. Coach and excellent youth team was prof. David Smith, one of the best players was Borislav Posavac.
 [Edit] After War War 1994th year, 27 February, there was a restorative Assembly syllable with the aim of inclusion in the competition within the Football Association of Herceg-Bosna. President of the club was elected Ivan Saric, the first postwar coach was David Smith. Secretary of the club was elected Branko Pilic, a longtime sports officer. Immediately after the application is sent to the brigade, &quot;Dr. Ante Starcevic&quot; to release part of the military obligations that players could be at least somewhat prepared for the competition. Aware of the current situation of the military government has been requested to allow players to at least one training per week, as stated in the letter addressed to the Brigade Commander of the club, &quot;Dr. Ante Starcevic&quot; on 27 March 1994. year. The first championship match bucket has played as host, in Siroki Brijeg NK Tomislav with teams from Tomislavgrad. Record is lost this match with 2:0, while the first three points won in the third round against teams NK Rakitno played in Tomislavgrad.
 Record further part in the first division of Herceg-Bosna. In this period Slogin best score playing in the cup final of Herceg-Bosna in the 1995-96 season. with the team FC Ljubuški (lost 2:0). Record until the reorganization of the competition in season 1999-00. competed in the same rank. Then it continues to compete in the second division of the FBiH, initially Center, and then South. In the second division Sloga not achieved significant results in the championship standings and is due to the bad financial situation and not competes. Sloga mostly struggled to survive in a society second division. In the 2007-08 season. Record occupies only 13th place with 33 points won. [Edit] A new era in the summer of 2008. the assembly of the club elected a new government. Elected president of the club is a Croatian football manager [1] Mark Vukadin. With the arrival of the new management team and new coach comes bugojanac Anto Vukadin, while his assistant coach becomes a former senior Sloge Brendan Jozic. Syllable gets its cadet and junior team.
 Before the start of the season refreshed derutne dressing rooms and service spaces, and for the first time employs and armourer who cares about the courts, sports equipment and premises of the club. The season starts with the clear ambition of entering the higher ranking event - the first league Federation. The main competitors of harmony in the first place were: FC defender Mostar, čitlučki Brotnjo [2] and Igman from Konjic. Record is part of preparations for the spring season and started very early in the second division for the opportunity - 8 January However, 29 January HNK Sloga Uskoplje goes Mediterranean coast of Turkey, in Antal [3] [4]. In Turkey, a set is retained 12 days and has played 4 matches with preparation: Kazakhstan&#39;s Ordabasy, the future of Podgorica [5], North Korean and Austrian Bundesliga 4:25 Kapfenberger. At the end of the 2008/09 season. Record failed to enter the first division of the FBiH, although several rounds before the end of the hired coach Zukanović Ibrahim, former coach of the youth national team of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The next season Sloga recorded remarkable success in the Cup of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which was ejected from the quarter-finals of the Prijedor miners. 2009/10 season. Record was closed on 3 place, and so once again failed to enter the strongest competition Federation. [Edit] Squad 2008/09 season. Name Nationality jersey Former Club Goalkeepers Adnan Kaltak 22 NK Bihac Toni Zelić 1 NK Iskra Bugojno (juniors) Defenders Asmer Čatić NK Iskra Bugojno Joseph Sučić NK Segesta Sisak Chris Matišić oml. School Mario Batista Jose Earthquakes (loan), Anthony Bartolović NK Gradina Livno Midfielders Armin Duvnjak NK Celik Zenica Amel Rabbit NK Iskra Bugojno Mario Turić oml. School Ante Krajina? Admir Hadzic FK DV attackers Aldin Hodzic NK Travnik Nikola Milicevic oml. School Emir Milanovic oml. School [edit] Professional Staff Coach: Assistant Coach Goalkeeper Coach: Physio: [edit] Transfers 2010./11 season. [Edit] come [edit] Out [edit] Achievements [edit] Appearances in BiH Cup 2009/10.
 2010./11. [Edit] Famous players and coaches [edit] Youth School Slogina School gathers youth boys aged 7-18 years who are competing in the four selections. The youngest selection is not at all competitive leagues because for them there. Pioneers (Coach: Joe Matišić) and beginners (Pokvić) međužupanijskoj compete in the league, and juniors (Chris Fišić) and Cadets (Zdravko Fišić) compete in the newly formed league Omladinska BH South. Juniors and cadets Sloga had until summer 2008. And so far the cadets won first place. Younger age groups Sloge on several occasions in the tournament in Austria, Denmark, France, Holland and Germany won the first place. [Edit] Futsal tournament Uskoplje &quot;Further article: Futsal tournament Uskoplje HNK Sloga for twelve years in a row organized soccer tournament Uskoplje. This tournament is held in a steady period of 25
  