06/08/2010 Croatian war for independence ended the largest land offensive of 2 World War II. As every year, Croatia and Serbia have expressed sharply opposing views regarding the importance of the event. By Natasa Radic for Southeast European Times - 06/08/10 Croats mark 5th August as the Day of Victory. [Bruno Krstulović / SETimes] Croatian political dignitaries gathered in Knin on 5 August, to commemorate the 15th anniversary of Operation Storm, the military action that ended the war in Croatia. Anniversary in 1995. Croatia celebrated as Victory Day and Thanksgiving. Speaking at the ceremony, President of the Croatian Ivo Josipovic equally focused on the future and the past Croatian. He called for attention to social needs further attention in the country. &quot;No one should be hungry in Croatia, there should be young people without prospects or looking for a quality education, all the disabled persons should have the opportunity to attend rehabilitation programs, get a chance to work and enjoy a normal life,&quot; he said.
 Operation Storm causes bitter dispute Croatian and Serbian, and Josipovic, who has worked to improve diplomatic ties, it is determined the blame for the conflict that engulfed the Balkans in the 1990s. The policy of the former Yugoslav Slobodan Milosevic&#39;s thugs brought was evil in the region, Croatia, Serbia and all the people who live in the region, he said. &quot;Our victory is honest and does not give anyone the right to retaliate,&quot; he said. Kosor, Croatian Prime Minister, said that Croatia as a NATO member, and soon the EU, wants the region into a model of stability and peace. In addition, he resolutely stood up in defense operations in 1995. &quot;It is a historical fact that Croatia was brutally attacked, and tanks have arrived from Serbia,&quot; said Kosor. &quot;Croatian towns were destroyed and killed Croatian soldiers and civilians. We will not allow the revision of historical facts on any topic, and particularly not in connection with military actions that are forever freed from Croatia.&quot; Similar articles Loading &quot;We had a right to defend our country in the name of the future of our children,&quot; she said.
 &quot;We praise the Operation Storm as we celebrate this victory and peace.&quot; Belgrade&#39;s attitude remains quite the opposite. On Wednesday, Serbian President Boris Tadic met with the families of missing persons and said that &quot;the crimes can not be forgotten.&quot; Operation Storm was a large military operation which lasted 84 hours and became the largest land offensive in Europe after the second World War II. It started early fourth August 1995. and ended by Croatia regained control over areas of the country that have since 1991. was occupied by Serbian separatists. Although the victory was clear, was not without casualties. According to UN sources, from areas as a result of the operation fled 150000-200000 people. Croatian sources estimate the number of a 90,000 refugees, while the Serbian sources claim that avoid 200000-250000 Serbs. The number of civilian casualties is also debatable. Croatian Helsinki Committee says that killed 116 people, while the Serbian NGO Veritas estimates that figure to 1,200.
 At the same time, were killed and 184 Croatian soldiers, while another 1430 were wounded. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 