Extremely high scoring criterion was marked this year&#39;s enrollment in secondary schools in the county. Almost all high school and economic school completed in the first round of enrollment. The SS Ujevic in Kutina students with as many as 58 points could not be entered in high school because there were not enough seats. - The threshold for the high school was 50 points. Last year was the lowest score was 55 for general and 54 for high school math, and now they are four points no longer can write. Even 47 of 56 students, what is the quota in the general high school, has 60 points. It turns out that all geniuses, and when we do the initial tests in math, more than half of students receive 1 or 2, while in the primary were excellent - he is a director of BA. James Novokmet. In Sisak High School enrolled 88 students in general and 28 students in a language course. Threshold score was 52, and 56 points was the last person on the ranking list for the general direction. Last Petrinjskoj enrolled in high school, with 51 points, five points higher than the threshold.
 Except in high school, and economic, are filled and all the places for food and veterinary technicians, and remains free of the fruit producers, growers, winemakers, butchers and florists. Economic orientation filled in the first round of enrollment, and vacancies in the junior high school in Clay has a gymnasium, elektrousmjerenju and sellers. Scoring threshold for the gymnasium is 46 points and 40 points for economists. In Sisak High School Viktorovac all checked. It is extremely great interest to pharmacists and nurses, technicians, which was even 69 applications and received them on 28 - We did not expect such a large number of applications and a high score. For example, the threshold for nurses is 40, and the lowest score registered was 54, a pharmacist for 55, while the threshold of 42 points - said director Maria Marinkovic. Great interest for technicians and drivers of road transport has surprised director Sisak Crafts School Ivica Beloglavca.
 Part of it has failed to enroll in the desired direction, but now they have chosen an alternative. However, for a three-year courses, such as building technicians, masons, carpenters, roofers, carpenters, painters and tailors, the rest is the place, 48th overall Novska High School filled the gymnasium and the direction of sellers, the economic remained little space, while the direction of the car mechanics, locksmiths and carpenters poorly filled. In Sisak trade school are just some routes completed in the first round, and found out that it was asked for directions autolimar abolished, tinsmith and a locksmith. These students had to choose another direction. In Sisak Technical School completed the directions of Electrical Engineering and Computer Technicians, kutinskoj in all four directions. Croatia Kostajnica only deviates from the trends in the county. The gymnasium is left as many as 12 seats from 24, how many are provided. Threshold was 46 points, which is the lowest score of enrolled students.
 In Economics there are another 10 seats. It is interesting that in the high school filled all the seats for foresters, carpenters and tailors.
 