Her recipe This is especially given to indicate the exposure Vice Agrokor Her recipe, which said that, bearing in mind developments in the Croatian retail market over the past few years, with the accession to the European Union could lead to the collapse of domestic production. To support this thesis, she said that international retailers will not put on their shelves of domestic products when the border is no longer an obstacle, but will go solely to maximize profits through the efficient pricing policy. According to data presented in this contribution, five retailers - Mercator, Kaufland, Billa, Spar and Lidl - dealing with loss, which can be offset by the fact that the profit realized on the home market. She believes that the current market situation just taking space and prepare for the real battle that will follow to join the EU. It also expects continued concentration and consolidation in the retail market in Croatia.
 &quot;The first three retailers hold about 39 percent, while the top ten nearly 70 percent of the market. Given the current trends and the pressure that brings a unique market, expected to further concentrate the market so that the three leading retailers to 2015. hold 70 percent market share, &quot;said Puljic. She believes that it is not the best solution for Croatia because the increase in market shares of large, competitive pricing pressure, it can only happen at the expense of losing the position of small traders. And they just said Puljic, the state should encourage the various mechanisms of positive discrimination in order to survive and ensure the placement of domestic products. &quot;Trade is the economy of scale if the small shops do not unite and thus achieve a more favorable purchasing conditions will hardly survive. Small store to help because there are economic and demographic reasons, &quot;she stressed Puljic. Ljubo Jurcic on the need for Croatia to finally get a strategy of industrial development, said Prof.
 Ljubo Jurcic, who said the &quot;planned economy&quot; is a term that is not an expression of a past and a bad system, but a necessity which must be based the country&#39;s future. The strategy of industrial development is a matter of commitment and awareness that we can produce something, not just buy the finished product for the money you borrow. He believes that the industrial development of the Croatian took place between the 1950th and 1970. Since then, it does not build, but ruined. That is, according to him, a sign that Croatia, instead of in the direction of agriculture-industry-manufactories, moving exactly the opposite direction. Stefan Menzel, Eastern Europe correspondent for Handelsblatt, Germany&#39;s leading business daily, gave a picture of the German retail market. &quot;For all the German consumer is the price. The Germans have a high savings quotas are pretty scarce, and specifically keep an eye on the price when buying. This is the main reason why Germany failed to Wall-Mart, a discounter like Aldi and Lidl water main word, &quot;he said.
 Panel discussion participants from left to right: Puljić, Prince, Katana, Evačić, Santic, Vukelic, Rakuša Martulaš, Urban and Gavranović Analysis of Regio Plan Consulting is addressing the issue of retail development and the perceived differences between markets in Western and Eastern Europe. Michael Oberweger, director of the company, so he said that one of the major differences in the way of experience shopping center for &quot;Westerners&quot; place where you make a purchase and go home, while in Eastern Europe in addition to a more public places of assembly and association of people . Shopping centers were also dragged people from the city center, the more free time so do not spend a stroll through the city, but staying indoors, &quot;said Oberweger. Here, then, the collapse of trade centers in the eastern metropolis, he sees the main difference compared to the big cities of Western Europe. &quot;For example, Mariahilfer str., As a principal shopping street in the center of Vienna with its 160 000 square meters of retail space, a greater circulation than any other shopping center in Austria.
 Croatia is in this segment, similar to Western capitals because it has kept trade in Zagreb Ilica and the heart of the town, &quot;said Oberweger. Survey of the Croatian Association of Employers, conducted among businesses in the retail sector on the topic &quot;Effects of Croatian accession to the Croatian retail trade, in the paper was presented by Ivan Damir Anic with the Institute of Economics. According to this survey, there are indicators that the trade turnover reached a bottom and that in future the expected recovery of consumption. So after the fall in turnover of 15.3 percent in 2009., This year expected to decline falling to 2.8 percent annually, while for 2011. predicts retail sales growth of 3.6 percent. Joining the EU would have a positive impact on GDP growth, consumption and exports, and would be easier to access sources of funding, while the negative effects especially strong competition which will lead to rearrange and consolidate the market and will survive only the strongest players, considered entrepreneurs included in the survey.
 The meeting was concluded with panel discussions.
 