At the time of arrest parallel to the raid took place in Vienna and Carinthia. Apparently investigators visited and Josef Kircher, former executive director Hypa. Besides Kulterer, in prison since yesterday, and his longtime associate of the mortgage sector. A decision on custody under the jurisdiction of the court in Klagenfurt, which the judge held a hearing until late afternoon, after it announced a spokesman of the Austrian State Attorney Helmut Jamnig. Procedural reasons for Kulterer could remain in custody as a flight risk and the ability to influence witnesses. Austrian media reported that Kulterer threat of imprisonment to ten years. Kulterer headed Hypa was the beginning of the 90-all of them by 2006. years, after which dealt with private enterprises. During this period, Hypo arose from a small regional bank to a large regional player. This impressive momentum, actually the result of penetration of Hypo bank in the Balkans, it has happened under the political patronage of the controversial head of Carinthia, the late Joerg Haider.
 As another key link in the chain is marked by dubious investments Günter Striedinger Board member Hypa. According to Austrian newspaper Kurier, it could do with Haider now Kulterer could cost up to ten years in prison, as he threatened after he was arrested for criminal offenses discovered later that are described as actions that cause harm to the Financial company. In German untreue. &quot;Hypo complex&quot;, as the Austrian media call the bank scandal, now has 40-odd defendant. Special Police Group SOKO Hypo, three state prosecutors and banking expert working on the case. Kulterer has also been one of the first whose testimony before the Carinthian prosecution of February leaked to the public. He testified about a series of contentious projects Hypa in Croatia, not choosing words to describe the hundreds of millions of credit for Vladimir Zagorec. Zagorec has been called &quot;the man Günter Striedinger&quot;, also one of the former board members for Hypa which now draws a series of criminal charges for embezzlement multimilijunskih, and mentioned the &quot;problems with the Peace cloud, Bruno Orešar&quot; and people from the former management Hypa.
 A special place occupied by sales subsidiaries Hypa Consultants investors around the Croatian Auctor brokerage firm, reportedly several times below cost. In the last six raids by Carinthian investigators spent so far, searched the home of former board member of Hypo Leasing Holding Josef Kircher, who is suspected of improper expenses fabulous, one of which is home PwC audit report specifically pointed out 762 000 euros, &quot;fees for consulting obscure intermediary activities in the former Yugoslavia &quot;in favor of Mate Granic, the Foreign Minister, the limit later denied. Kulterer and lower bosses have recently registered a criminal because of falsifying financial statements and fraud during the placement of 100 million preferred shares in banks in 2004. In January it was discovered that the shares arrive at the former board members and Striedinger Günter Gerhard Kucher, purchasing them through the intricate mechanisms through Liechtenstein.
 The Bank&#39;s shares placed to reach the badly needed money, and they are supposedly bank loans to 4.5% interest purchased shares that were supposed to adopt a dividend of 6.25%, earning 10 million euros. For all the embezzlement scandal in the Austrian Hypo judiciary is very interested because it was after the failed sale of the Hypo Group, Bayerische Landesbank and the damage of four billion euros, Hypo Bank last year had to be rescued by nationalization of one euro. Investigators have otherwise come to the &quot;Hotel Split&quot;, from which it withdrew last spring Hypo with 33 million euros of damage. The project is an old bank management has assessed as profitable, apparently more valuable than it was, and is it invested 50 million euros. 2009th has approved another loan to a hotel and got the fourth star, but the new administration in January concluded that the project can draw only losses. The scandal has so far Hypo filed more than 60 criminal charges against the 40-odd accused.
 In February Kulterer difficult Striedinger accused the prosecution of crime in Croatia. Striedinger embarked on a campaign against the Hypo Bank. The impression that the campaign was spoiled by the fact that it coincided with his second hearing before the state attorney&#39;s office, and because it has reported fraud lawyer Hypa Guido Held.
 