Adults who have long since moved away from home and after many years, like the boomerang back to their parents, are called &quot;boomerang&quot; children. Research that in 2008. year by Dr. Anđelko Akrap and mr. John Cipin of Economics, University of Zagreb, &quot;Housing Problems, an extended life with parents and delays entry into marriage in Croatia,&quot; found that about 57 percent of youth aged 25-29 years living with their parents. The situation is even more critical for those who are not married, because more than 40 percent of those aged from 35-44 years has her own apartment and still live with their parents. Given the situation in which it is increasingly difficult to provide housing, young people are increasingly choosing to return to the parental home. Although individual employees, and often in a marriage, shall be for such a move because it is very difficult to save money for their own apartment when you have almost half of the income goes to pay podstanarskog apartment.
 Many believe that the payment of rent and loan payments lifelong throwing money into the wind, so they prefer to decide once again to live with their parents, at least for some time while not financially stand on their feet. Of course from time immemorial, the children lived with their parents in their homes, but before the reasons were different, and today it is unable to resolve their own housing. The recession has had a hand in this segment, so that cases of &quot;boomerang&quot; children in recent years more and more frequent. Prof. PhD. Anđelko Akrap with the Department of Demography at the Faculty of Economics, the portal Crozilla.com says: &quot;Croatia tortured a number of problems that are no long present economic crisis, and it is flat nepriuštivost young people and precarious employment. The negative side is a long remaining in the parental home, and return to her parents after leaving home (either because of a financial nature, either because of the crisis in marriage) delayed independence.
 It is quite another issue back to parents with the whole family. It may be only temporarily solve the problem because it has shown that living with parents who have their family is not really a good decision. Parents intervene in the marriage of their children, and it leads distinguished. I mean, what is good in the short term, and that is that they can rely on someone, not a long term solution. &quot;Unfortunately, at this time are young couples in najnezavidnijem position. In fact, in moments when the most important to young families to live independently, the financial opportunities they do not permit, so they are forced to live on the backs of their parents. &quot;Boomerang&quot; kids do not pay high rents and overheads, but in most cases the parents are divided in half, a housing loan is left waiting for better times. Financial side, ie savings, the advantage of this way of life, and privacy is completely ignored.
 This clearly shows the following example. Kristina, a 28-year-old mother of a child one year old, after two years in a rented flat with his family decided to return to their parents. In an interview with Crozilla.com said: &quot;The reasons for our return to the parental home were purely financial. After two years paying tenants and excessive bills, my husband and I realize that this is throwing money into the wind and decided to temporarily settle my parents, and the money previously given to various lessors are put aside and really save. &quot;The problem is widespread and other countries on these issues has been conducted and the research done by Dr. Anđelko Akrap and mr. John Cipin entitled &quot;Socijalitetni sterility in Croatia - Why We Remain Single?&quot;. According to prof. Akrap this study showed that long-stay home or return to the family especially pronounced in Italy and Spain, and it is difficult to discern exactly when to return to her parents&#39; home a consequence of extreme necessity.
 As a positive side to this phenomenon prof. Akrap states that it is relying on the family means that such a person is socially excluded. Such cases are not only happening to us - the problem is widespread throughout the world, and in recent years, &quot;boomerang&quot; children taken hold in all areas. U.S. media say a lot about this problem, and according to their research estimates that 80 million households it works on the principle of coexistence, but adult children and parents. Specifically, among them are even stranger things happen. Often you will in American towns for retirees will be able to see a happy young families who have moved into homes of their parents in retirement, or grandfathers and grandmothers. Of course, that this problem took hold and the European area, a prof.Akrap for Crozilla.com commented: &quot;In Croatia, as well as in other countries in southern Europe, has long been a problem not only return to her parents&#39; home after marriage, or fractures in financial problems associated with the economic crisis, but a long stay in the parental home, especially men, standing problem.
 It is not the reason for only a financial nature but also lagodiniji and carefree life by the parents. &quot;For Nedjeljka Markovic, B. Sc. social worker and president of Pragma, the problem of &quot;boomerang&quot; children are not only connected with the housing issue, but also with issues of employment and community support to overcome the difficulties of young people. On the portal Crozilla.com says that research has focused mostly young people explore the phenomenon of deviance and psychopathology (addiction, violence, crime), while the issue of integration of young people in the community neglected. Separation of children from their parents in terms of residential segregation, observed through the model life cycle, is one of the key events in the further development of a healthy young person&#39;s personality, Markovic said, adding: &quot;Residential care for young people generally follow the other, positive or negative events - marriage , first job, your own research and personal interests (travel, cultural events, entertainment), and similar diseases.
 Back at her parents&#39; home may not necessarily be negative, especially if it prevents many problems - homeless young people (which is on the rise in Europe), divorce, alcoholism and other addictions. Studies have shown that for the healthy development of people is necessary at least one person in a supportive environment, in the case of &quot;boomerang&quot; children, they are just parents. &quot;- Said Markovic. Add to favorite articles Related Tags: boomerang kids, home, youth, parents
 