Plants have the status of the municipality and is situated in Osijek-Baranja county. The municipality of eight resorts: Golden beams Vardarac, Lug, Transdanubia, Plants, Kopačevo, Kozjak Tikveš. Place plants has 1058 households with 3205 inhabitants. 17th July is the Day of the Municipality of Plants. Worldwide cultural heritage monument is the baroque castle in Bilje Eugene of Savoy, which is the oldest castle in Slavonia and Baranja, built after the victory over the Turks and a rare example of a castle with a moat defensive. Throughout the area municipalities Herbs runs great European river Danube. Near the Kopacki Rit Nature Park, where over the years are about 270 species of birds and is an &quot;ornithological paradise. It is the largest naturally spawning fish and habitat for thousands of deer, wild boar and game birds. Kopacki Rit has international significance. Recorded as&#39;&#39;Bird important area&#39;&#39;as&#39;&#39;Rama area&#39;&#39;which means that it is added to the list of internationally important wetlands.
 Experience Kopacki Rit directly, paddling in canoes Kopacki large channel through the many ponds and lakes, to the old bed of the river Drava. The climate is moderate continental climate, where weather changes are frequent and intense. The population is mainly engaged in agriculture, hunting and fishing. It has a very rich gastronomic offer, with numerous specialties. Lovers of fine wine should not miss the wine road Baranjsko vineyards, which consists of a series of cellars and wine. They are competing with the droplets nobler, healthier and krepkija. With ideal conditions in this region for growing grapes and get great wine is probably linked to the name&#39;&#39;because&#39;&#39;Baranja in Hungarian means wine mother. Plants traffic is extremely well connected with other tourist destinations in Croatia, because it is near Osijek Airport. For guests looking for nightlife, the nearby intersection and the surrounding area there are many discos, restaurants and night clubs.
 Play paintball, attractive and challenging game that will rid you of everyday stress. This is a game where you do not dominate the physical fitness, strength, age or gender. Determination, quick thinking and reactions are the qualities needed to win. Walk-hiking, taking place on Baranja hill in the form of orienteering race with the elevations that perform certain tasks. For those wishing a greater dose of adrenaline, may view or join altitude flights - paragliding, which are often organized in Baranja, the location of Jasenovac-Sokolovac-Mirkovac. Plants provides convenience for the ride for all types cyclotourists - from those seeking cultural, historical or natural challenges to those seeking hedonistic pleasure. In regard to the coming tourist traveling on their own bicycle tour of southern Germany, to the Province to the Danube bike path on the east or the sea. Eager to this kind of tourism will find an array of modern Bed &amp; Bike (Bicycle and night) Bilje types of accommodation in and around ..
 Places nearby:
 