ZAGREB - The divisions of Kulen &quot;and buying a car, usually the Passat and Mercedes, were the main codes that are football players arrested in a police-action uskočkoj Offside used in telephone conversations with persons suspected of organizing the first match fixing Division in order to achieve large profits on betting at home and abroad. Guide to the transcripts: Kulen = 1000 euro, auto = to agree to the setup, Porter = goalie, Potatoes = number of goals, Black = bribed players RELATED NEWS News comments were not careful what they say cars are presented without an agreement on setting. &quot;Car costs 35 000&quot;, meant that the organizers of the players have to give 35,000 euros for the corresponding result. The money was shared by discussing kulen and one sausage was a synonym for a thousand euros. Kulen are with me, tomorrow night all go to dinner, &quot;reads the message he sent Čižmek Mario Ivan Banovic after, in accordance with an earlier agreement, lost the 29th game
 round match against Cibalije in Vinkovci with 5:0. Čižmek, Banovic and Jasmin Agic of the first suspect Vinko Hands received three Kulen &quot;, while six other players have received two Kulen. Number kulen was supposed to be bigger, but the organizers had problems due to rapid decrease in the coefficient on the bookmakers just before utkamice. &quot;The car is in good condition&quot; or &quot;Golf is good,&quot; meant that everything was agreed. &quot;The car was defective, no driver, nothing was however one of the codes that agreement wastes. However, as results from evidence collected during the months-long campaign, and we had an insight, really can not talk about it to the organizers of the fraud and the players are strictly heed what they say over the phone, because the conversations were recorded and which are directly referred to &quot;thousands euros &quot;, the concrete results and the like. More topics of conversation gives the impression that they sometimes tried to conceal real conversation, a fact that is often used as a sort šatro phrases such as &quot;porter&quot; instead of the goalkeeper, &quot;potatoes&quot; instead of the number of hits and the number of &quot;blacks&quot; instead podmićenih players, etc. .
 Already a superficial reading of the evidence we can conclude that the fraud on bookmakers have a much greater dimension of detected cases with players from four clubs first League and that fraudsters actually cooperating on an international level and through individuals in certain countries &#39;do&#39; match-fixing in their field. The prize for the penalty so it is obviously the prime suspect Vinko fist odrađivao &quot;job&quot; for Slovenian citizens and Dina Lalića Admira Suljic. The hand is still in charge of negotiations with the players. Thus, for example, communicates with several players and coach CROATIJA Sesveta, and the match against Cibalije finalizing arrangements and report to Darius Rumor: &quot;Everything is OK, I will come up. I&#39;ve been a coach, I sold him the Passat. Now I have to make a deposit for the Passat. Everything is OK, everything is at rest, everything is as we said it must be ... Those who put on white (hidden penalty nap.a.) has a sausage awards.
 