At the Zagreb hippodrome, where the Sunday concert Metallica get about 30,000 people, is endemic leptospirosis, a disease of animals which, if passed to humans, can cause miscarriage, kidney failure and even death. Infected, 60 of 175 horses, a veterinary inspector ordered the quarantine of infected areas and emergency disinfection and pest control, repair of sewers, damaged floors and drainage systems and drainage surrounding the infected area. Equestrian failed season - It is a disease that infected rats urine passed on the environment, and so on all animals that are ill. A man can get in contact with contaminated water if there is damaged skin or through mucous membranes of the eye. In the digestive tract bacillus dies - said prof. Antun Beus, director of the Clinic for Infectious Diseases, and added that in recent years has taken a severe form of disease, and there were several deaths. When the bacillus enters the body, expanding blood vessels and cause inflammation in the kidneys, so patients often end up on dialysis.
 - The disease is treated with antibiotics, and due to wet weather this year, the disease started early so we already had a bad case of Karlovac - reveals prof. Beus. Antibiotics to treat the horses, and treatment of infected horses will start only on Monday. However, this does not guarantee that the horse will recover and be able to compete - says team owner and riding four horses infected Janka Krašovec. - Leptospirosis will ruin the season, a dozen of us in the team. It is possible that the horses will never compete because some of them, and after treatment, remained elevated antibody titer. We can only participate in competitions that are on the racetrack - is desperate horsewoman J. Krašovec. It is amazing that no outbreak of epidemics has not informed the organizers of the concert Metallica Lupa promotion. - They should have let us know, but apparently did not consider it necessary because they think that there is no danger. Horses and the audience are not in contact, and the horses the last ten days have not walked in the area where the audience - said Vladimir Ivankovic, Director Lupe.
 At the Zagreb Institute of Public Health epidemiologists know the infection, but they say that the danger to humans is low. Stricter criteria than in the EU - the horse was found in the amount of antibody that is normal in the EU and is not considered addictive, especially since no horse is not sick, but a carrier. Croatia has a stricter ordinance - said Dr. Vladimir Lesnikar, head of epidemiology. School of Veterinary Medicine told us that the equestrian team manager Boris Kelemen looking assessment of risk to humans and the results will be known for several days. &quot;The mice in the barn, and the audience was about 500 meters away,&quot; Marina Antic, Head Track, says that the rehabilitation of sewage began, and that the pest control and disinfection carried out after the horses finish the therapy. - In March, the last time we has treated. Leptospirosis is a normal, where many animals. The dangers of infection of people who come to the concert because the audience has only 500 meters from the barn, and the mice do not come out, but are kept stable and the food - said Antic.
 No matter where you are moving mice, horses, walk the racetrack and litter.
 