Sensible Will suffers from a creative block, so it is not far advanced in writing. Things suddenly change when a gifted writer staring at a beautiful noblewoman Viola de Lesseps (G. Paltrow), and the very fans of acting. She is waiting for the wedding agreed with Lord Wessex (C. Firth), and Will will have to deal with the artistic and romantic problems ... For a film that the director just weeks before the premiere had to shoot a new ending, because the test screenings have shown conflicting reactions viewer, reception was truly exceptional. With seven Academy Awards, including the award for best film, and a profit of 290 million U.S. dollars in theaters, the film became a planetary hit, who once again drew attention to the life and art of the brilliant British writer of the 16th and 17 century. It was produced by Miramax studio, while he was on location in the UK directed by local filmmaker John Madden (Captain Corelli&#39;s Mandolin), previously known for award-winning TV movie &quot;Truth or Dare.&quot;
 The screenplay is the work of the duo M. Norman and T. Stoppard the latter of which was nominated for an Oscar for the genre completely different, &quot;Brazil&quot;. Norman and Stoppard have created a humorous story about the pitfalls of artistic creativity with Shakespeare at the center, where the interwoven series of known facts about the writer&#39;s life and work of the fictional romance between him and the young rich girls, which he served as the inspiration for &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;. That&#39;s why the success of the film is not surprising, because it is on purpose, but very cleverly written and entertaining work in which a balanced history, literature, romance and humor. Sumptuous production perfectly captures the glorious Elizabethan era of the late 16th century, while the popularity of the film contributed to the well-known cast, led by Great Britain J. Fiennes (Stealing Beauty, Elizabeth) as a young Will Shakespeare. Fiennes, younger brother of actor Ralph Fiennes was just brilliant and so is a real injustice that one of the thirteen Oscar nominations was for the male lead.
 Fiennes perfectly embodies the sensitive playwright deftly poigravajući to his character and moods. Oscar had come into the hands of Mr. Fiennes partner Paltrow (Emma, Bounce) as Shakespeare&#39;s muse lady Viola and J. Dench (Iris, Mrs. Brown) epizodnoj the role of Queen Elizabeth. It is interesting that J. Dench received his award in just six minutes of acting, but fully deserved. The film was shown in the official competition of the International Film Festival in Berlin, and got more Oscars for screenplay, costume design, set design and music. Award for Best Director John Madden is rampant, as in 1999. celebrated with Steven Spielberg &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot;.
 