Business Club &quot;potential of the sector of forestry and timber industry in the recovery and growth of the economy&quot; organized by the Croatian Chamber of Economy, Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Water Management, Faculty of Forestry and the Zagreb Fair was held on 13 October at the Zagreb Fair. Business Club is a traditional gathering of businessmen from wood processing and forestry sector with government and relevant institutions within the international furniture fair, Interior Decoration and Supporting Industry Fair. Panelists business club were Zdravko Jelčić, President of the wood-processing industry, CCE; Darko Vuletic, President of the Croatian Forests Ltd., Zdravko Požgaj, president of Wood Construction, Damir Novotny, an independent economic analyst. The discussion and guests attend the Business Club: Bozidar Pankretic, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Regional Development, Forestry and Water Management; Koračević Ruben, president of the Parliamentary Committee for Regional Development, Forestry and Water Management and Nadan Vidosevic, president of CCC.
 Bozidar Pankretic stressed the importance of a positive business attitude towards the public company Croatian forests because of the Government by placing direct support to many other questions dealt precisely with this company. Many problems will be much easier to deal with our entry into the EU. For now, the energy of a major problem because cheap energy is distributed to citizens which is compensated by using more expensive energy economy. In the coming period will be increased even more exploitation of our forests while respecting the principles of sustainable development. The time now is elaborately five operational programs for the development of which is distinguished by the importance of transport, environment and regional competitiveness. In the process of proposing a new Law on Forests and Agricultural Land Act, which will effectively regulate this issue. Nadan Vidosevic stressed that declarative support for export has become a real and concrete.
 One of the structural problems of our economy is that with the help of low gas prices and heating lead social policy. Croatian wood industry has a chance of a particular economic entities that are focused on exports. In this regard, an even greater extent we need to look for market niches in which we will be positioned. It is necessary to rationally distribute or otherwise forest resources with a focus on commercial exploitation of forests. For the Croatian crisis came too late in addressing its fiscal policy is limited. Private and public investment should initiate the development cycle, but one should bear in mind that in these economic problems will not get the easy way, said Nadan Vidosevic. Next year to begin a political dialogue to achieve consensus on many issues, such as, for example, health care and pension reform. These processes should be monitored investments in new technology with simultaneous elimination of immorality which greatly complicates the social and economic development.
 Croatian wood industry is gradually coming out of recession, which is confirmed by figures showing that the export-oriented industries, which holds about seven per cent of total exports in the first eight months rose 11 per cent of exports, while imports fell as much as 20 percent. Surplus industry in this period was as high as 176 million U.S. dollars, while across the 2009th amounted to 100 million U.S. dollars. Export furniture increases more than the average of the timber industry, and increased 13 percent. Croatian furniture market is worth around 700 million U.S. dollars. Croatian wood sector has a comparative advantage because it has a homemade quality raw materials. This comparative advantage with the help of technology, knowledge and inovatiniosti be converted into competitive advantages. In this respect is of great importance to improve productivity. Future restructuring of public enterprises Croatian Forests will significantly contribute to these efforts, it was heard in the debate.
 In the increasingly be exploited by potential U.S. market is the largest in the world.
 