Contemporary, dance version of Shakespeare tragedy &quot;Othello&quot;, directed by Veljko Micunovic, the new prime minister on 24 Festival Theatre City Budva, which will be performed ninth August, the scene between the churches, and was done in co-production with the Belgrade Theatre Bitef. It is about a dance performance that balances on the edge of passion archetypal male-female relationships, but also sharp, unscrupulous political game, close to today&#39;s audience. The authors present the modernize it and to his thesis that replicate language of dance theater. The event is located, and limited in time and style, in one night, or a parti. Characteristically, the tragic plot is more a consequence of the intrigues and hibrističkog case than the curse of the main characters, according to the Budva festival, was treated with purified means of dance theater, emphasizes the passion, and while some učitavajući novovremene symbols. The lead role is played Nikola Tomasevic, Jago is Strahinja Lackey, a play and Milos Isailović, Milos Kecman, Tamara Ivanovic, Milica Jevic and Ana Ignjatovic Zagorac.
 The choreography was Masa Kolar Croatian and Zoran Markovic from Belgrade, who are active on the international scene. Set and costume designer Angelina Atlagić, and music signs Lajko Felix (Concert 98). The first reprise of &quot;Othello&quot; on 10 and 11 August, and will premiere as scheduled, attended by Minister of Culture of Serbia, Nebojsa Bradic. Premiere of &quot;Othello&quot; will be in Belgrade in mid-October. Budva City Theatre and the Belgrade Bitef ten years ago are also co-presented &quot;fall&quot; of Biljana Srbljanović, directed Bitterness Stojanovic. City Theatre Festival began on July 10 hit musical &quot;Hair&quot; Belgrade Atelier 212, directed COMICS SHOWROOM, and to 20 August is, except for drama, and musical, literary and visual arts program. The site of the City Theater is www.gradteatar.me, a program located in the Calendar of the Portal of Culture of South East Europe SEEcult.org (SEEcult.org)
 