Photo: Cropix Related News poll results of the survey results where the PM? 378 visitors voted ballot back to the PM in the Croatian Parliament came a few minutes before 12 o&#39;clock, and while not giving any statements, only briefly greeted reporters. Former Croatian prime minister denied on Thursday allegations of tacit agreement with his government to Ina country does not have to pay duty, but also stressed that the government that the company did not want to forcibly collect a debt, so as not to jeopardize the operations of the INA in a crisis and led to the jobs. &quot;Suker was right. No tacit agreement was that INA does not pay,&quot; he told the parliamentary inquiry committee for privatization of INA in response to the question of the President of the Commission Dragice Zgrebec a statement true of the former CEO Tomislav Dragicevic INA on the &quot;tacit agreement&quot; the non-payment of 2 billion from road.
 &quot;We pressed: &#39;Come on, pay excise duty and go into bankruptcy,&#39;&quot; he said, explaining that the government in this case could not act solely as an owner. &quot;If we had acted solely as owner, should we put Ini key into the lock, but we as a responsible government should take account of social policy,&quot; he said, adding that such thinking, and other governments. He recalled that the state money rehabilitated companies in other industries such as shipbuilding, textile or PEC&#39;s and it was logical that in the case of INA company waited to recover in order to pay excise duty. He confirmed that as the Prime Minister knew that Ina was in late 2008. fell into difficulties and was about to be bankrupt. It is believed that the reason for such a situation the company was the world economic crisis, but that the leadership of the INA &quot;probably&quot; has created large oil reserves at a time when she was set on world markets.
 When oil prices fell drastically, the ground had been discrepancies in the books, said Sanader. Continuing his testimony Sanader question by members of the Commission from among the ruling. Asked whether the Government discussed the annual reports on the operations of INA Sanader said that the INA was discussed much more frequently, every two to three months, according to the legal obligations of the Government. He recalled that in 2003., At the end of the mandate of the government of Ivica Racan, MOL entered into INA as a strategic partner, having acquired 25 percent plus one share, and that the practical implementation of the privatization contract fell the task of his government. &quot;One of the first task of my government, in February of 4004th, was to pay 5.5 million for the privatization adviser, that the previous government did not pay,&quot; he said. He added that the government had discussed the terms of modernization of refineries, preparing for an initial public offering of INA shares, transfer of shares sold to employees and veterans, and the impact of oil prices in the world to the domestic market.
 Sanader was the last of seven witnesses called by the Commission in July, others have testified to the 13th session and 14 September, but Sanader had not been possible to deliver the invitation because it was a long time abroad, and he again urged the Commission after the beginning of October he returned to the country. Today&#39;s testimony of former prime minister following an extraordinary number of journalists, including foreign ones.
 