Croatia has entered into a new era of high unemployment, which will apparently result in a wave of irreversible changes in a society whose depth and the overall consequences of this is difficult to perceive, written in the new issue of the magazine&#39;s Bank. Magazine analyzes what the social and psychological consequences of a high and prolonged unemployment. - Long-term unemployment leads to political, social and economic instability. The social cost is high and wages are in poverty, rising crime, decay region, increasing health costs and creating conditions for the growth of violence, intolerance and terrorism. The most important is the social exclusion that is most commonly measured poverty rate. Besides the literal depletion, long-term results in the social isolation, marginalization and loss of social networks. The profession is one of the important factors of identity in modern societies. Is related to the &#39;organized&#39; work, and the fallout from the organization means to review the question of identity - indicates the universal social consequences of unemployment, etc.
 Sci. Jasmine Lažnjak, the Department of sociogiju Zagreb Faculty of Philosophy. Inga Zic, Director for Labour and Labour Market in the Ministry of Economy, warns that more than concerned about high unemployment low employment. - If a miracle happened overnight, and it employs all the 317 625 unemployed, the unemployment rate would be one and the employment rate of economically active population, which is that of 15-64 years would increase only from 57 to 59 percent, and still low level of utilization of labor resources of the country - hard Zic. He explains that we have a lot of inactive means that we have a very inert society that wants a quick commute. Our workforce has no interest in changing the profession and the workplace, and in this sense, professional and spatially static. And it is those who are not willing to invest in their education are the most danger of entering into long-term unemployment, more than a year.
 Today 36 percent of long-term unemployed has only primary school and there to see the impact of education on the labor market, he adds Zic. He notes that in the active labor market measures should invest at least double the current 125 million annually because it is not enough to increase the employability of a large number of long-term unemployed. For the future of the world scientific literature provides two scenarios that have different social consequences. One is a &quot;society without employment,&quot; which provides a further increase was conditioned by the development of technology, and second, a &quot;society of full employment,&quot; represented by critics of the financial / monetary capitalism who believe that the cause of unemployment is structural in nature precisely this type of society. - The crucial factor in reducing unemployment in Croatia could be highly significant increase in the composition of the workforce - said the magazine, the Bank Jasmine Lažnjak.
 