Zdeslav Santic, chief economist at Bank of Split Related News poll results of the survey results where the PM? voted 374 visitors return to the ballot While the Croatian National Bank show that the loans in August this year increased two percent over the same period last year, their structure shows that the company, just like most people, the credits have to survived and not to launch a new investment cycle. Chief economist Splitska Zdeslav Santic said that this year&#39;s increase in loans extended in consequence of their companies increased needs for financing operating activities and financing of new projects is almost nonexistent. &quot;It is expected that by year-end equity loan companies to continue to grow, and will also increase lending to state,&quot; Santic said. Croatian Bank by the end of August this year, shared the total of 260.9 billion loan, which is 6.7 billion more than in August last year, while 100 million more than a month ago.
 Placement growth continues to be almost exclusively related to the company, and gradually rising since late last year. Although lending in the model A government program to encourage the financing of enterprises through HBOR slower than planned, it should be noted that almost half increment placement firms in June and July, just in relation to the implementation of the loan under the program. Zrinka Živković-Matijevic, Director of the Directorate for Economic Research Raiffeisen Bank, said that credit growth of corporate loans HBOR been caused by these programs A and B to increase the liquidity of the company, then the loan necessary for survival. Stagnation citizens Unlike companies, loans to households in the reference period stagnated, while their annual growth rate of the end of July amounted to only 0.2 percent. Retail lending has virtually disappeared, and given the high unemployment rate, credit and customer groups will stagnate in the coming year.
 Confirms this and Zrinka Živković-Matijevic: &quot;This year began with great aversion to the credit of the population, and this will continue next year because now we do not see a recovery in employment in Croatia.&quot; Although it is expected that the data for the third quarter show a growth in loans, an increase in investments will record a short-term, non-purpose loans for long-term loans for growth there should be some positive macroeconomic conditions, which so far lacking. In addition, banks have become more stringent when it comes to risk assessment of clients and to get loans is more complicated than in the golden age before the crisis. It is the fear of the continuing recession stopped citizens in raising loans. The state picks up all the interesting fact is that banks have more than enough money available for lending, a good situation in the money market is seen by the fact that the CNB repo auctions are not held for a year, and interest rates on money market are quite low.
 As previously warned many analysts, the state constantly borrowing from local banks with a source of credit pushed the citizens, but, more importantly, because the company picks up all the available money from the market and more expensive loans. Banks will, however, prefer to lend the country money, it is expected that much easier to repay debts, but companies neglected the economy in big trouble. The state is fortunate that, according to the CNB, it takes a period of very good liquidity of the domestic financial system. &quot;Adverse macroeconomic conditions are affecting the lack of a stronger recovery of lending, despite a decline in lending rates and high liquidity in the banking system,&quot; conclude the CNB.
 