(AFRC), a tribute to all fallen Croatian defenders and solemn line of CAF and the police in Okucani was officially first custom-ised May 15 anniversary of the military operations Flash (Flash VRO), which is only about thirty hours of free area previously occupied western Slavonia-is. Operation Flash is today one of the most famous enterprise in the Armed Forces during the war. To mark the anniversary and remembering the lost members of the Armed Forces and the-shelf at the foot of the central cross in the Memorial Park Croatian soldiers were wreaths at the lodge-President and Supreme Commander of Armed Forces Ivo Josipovic, a delegation led by President of the Croatian Parliament Luka Bebic, the Government delegation headed by President Jadranka Kosor in which they were representatives of the Association arising from the war, then representatives of the Armed Forces led by the head-Armed Forces General Staff General Josip Lucic, and a delegation from the police directorate, headed by the main straight-ljem Oliver Grbic and representatives of counties and municipalities Brod Posavina Okučani.
 High civil and military dignitaries and townspeople Okucani and surrounding areas were then gathered in the area of the football club Psunj - So-Aug where he held the ceremony lineup of CAF, the police and volunteer organizations. All the crowd were then per-zdravila and commemorative speeches addressed to the highest state officials. On behalf of the Government gratitude for the magnificent constructive surgery participants VRO Flashes sent the president Kosor. It is especially thanked those who were killed in the operation because they have their prowess built into the foundations of the Croatian state. She said special thanks obiteljimačetrdeset killed two members of the 162-gas, two injured parties-voltage operation menuvši that our enduring obligation and duty to take care of them. &quot;Flash was a decisive response Croatian aggressor state politics, he showed maturity and ability to Croatia and its armed forces and libertarian aspirations of the Croatian people.&quot;
 She recalled how in just 36 hours free of 500 square kilometers of the Croatian territory, unblocked the highway connecting the central Croatia and Slavonia, and opened the way towards a final victory over the politics of hate and destruction. She reiterated that the Homeland War was a just, defensive resistance, a bright flash action. The Prime Minister also looked back to the current economic situation and the measures taken by the Government stressed that this was once again time for bold and decisive, and that we should not give up, but to draw strength from our victories. On behalf of the Croatian Parliament, the participants welcomed the Flash operation and its president Luka Bebic who on that occasion the read-out that Croatia is on its territory won a victory and defended his country and added: &quot;Today we are no longer alone but smočlanica NATO and we have become because we won thanks to their own abilities and the freedom of no one we can not diminish the winning spirit that is alive today. &quot;
 &quot;All of you deserve our greatest gratitude and you will have&quot; told members of the Armed Forces Supreme Commander Ivo Joseph-VIC recalling the historical role of the first Croatian President Franjo Tudjman and all participants in the operation, which he said was conducted in compliance with all international law. Commenting on the current economic situation, said the implementation of economic reforms we need unity and determination as in the war and ended with the words: &quot;Thank you for everything you have done in defense of our country, the freedom and perspective you provided us.&quot; The central ceremony marking the 15th Anniversary VRO Flash finished parachuting Fifteen members of the Parachute Battalion for Special Operations. The President then toured the tactical technical meeting at which she was exposed to combat and non-combat techniques used in the CAF and info booths Defence Ministry where he presented the projects to attract staff - Cadet and volunteer military service.
 For all killed Croatian soldiers and civilian casualties in the war then in the church. Vida military bishop, Msgr. Juraj Jezerinac funeral Mass presided. ET / OPSA opsa@opsa.hr EURO-ATLANTIC WEEKLY Organization for promoting North-Atlantic integration (OPSA) - www.opsa.hr - opsa@opsa.hr
 