After a long time this was the first book of astrology in the U.S. and falls into the general work culture will facilitate the understanding of life, disability and people. This book contains enough information to do all that astrology seriously and want to know more about her. It is written so that those who wish to engage in astrology as a hobby or career, get more than enough information, after which they will have to carry out personal research conducted as I have worked for years and I. People I met, I immediately asked for date of birth, which enabled me to better understand their behavior and approach them in a way that is most acceptable to them. Those who only look at astrology as a nice pastime will find enough material for discussion in society, tingling and closest partner. And those who do not believe, I say: read this book, meditate, talk with people and after a while you will find that there is something in all this.
 This book contains a lot of love: to try to understand others and succeed in it, will bring us to one another. Knowing myself better, easier life will be people with whom we live, work, contact. To all of which we are addressing the issues, friends and acquaintances, my answers for medical purposes because it clarified why something happened, give confidence, predict events đaje.Za complete mastery of astrology should be obtained and the ephemeris tables house. Without such information, no personal horoscope or fortune telling. This book is a good astrological textbook, but without the astronomical data, no interpretation or prediction. Since there are many incorrect references, I recommend the following books available from abroad: 1 Le effemeridi dal 1900-2010, Armenia Editore, Milano, Viale Ca &#39;Granda 2, Italia. 2nd Hausertabellen geburtsortes des von Dr. WA Koch. The second edition of this book is a revised and enriched because I have in four years that passed from first to second edition, I learned a lot that I did not know before writing the book.
 While I lived in Western Europe, I did not have enough time to astrology. Over the past six years I devoted only astrology and drew many conclusions based on a number of horoscopes that I made. I met interesting new people and felt the urge to mention them in certain places in the book, and to enrich the book with the horoscopes of other personalities. Some people and some of horoscopes in the meantime we have ceased to be interesting and it imposed a refresh ing this book, more modern and logical approach to data reduction from the first released me. Writing for many Yugoslav magazines, work on television, keeping schools, lectures and other types of astrological activity gave me the skills and experience which we lacked. Maja Loncar
 