ASSOCIATION OF WOMEN HDZ BIH QUEEN CATHERINE Kosaci-FORCE WHICH BELIEVES So, how would you rate the work of the Community Women HDZ BIH Queen Katherine Kosača in these two years? Working Women Community Croatian Democratic Union of Bosnia and Herzegovina &quot;Queen Katherine Kosača&quot; from the foundation, 27.09.2008.godine until today, I would assess the high grade. It sounds subjective, but when viewed from side, as all women of our community of women have done this two years, you will agree with my assessment. Each member of our responsibility, in accordance with our Charter Program and the Program of HDZ BiH 2010-2014, for the most sensitive part of the HDZ BiH, social sensitivity and responsibility. Who has read our Charter (www.snagahdzbih.com) knows that we work to promote gender equality as a fundamental criterion of democracy, advocate for the promotion of human rights and freedoms, to help children and adults with special needs and disabled, to combat violence against women and children, with special emphasis we place our faith and spirituality, because it is based on the quality of life of the individual and the family and overall society.
 But our work does not consist only of social responsibility. None of us professionally employed women in the Community HDZ BIH Queen Catherine st. All that work for a better society, we work with love and enthusiasm that is very little you can find today. What is the position and role of women in our society? The position of women in Bosnia and Herzegovina is still not at a level where women are the country of Western Europe, but not stand out from the position of women from countries in the region. Legal frameworks and law enforcement need to increase quality of life for women in this region. The problem for women in the federation-wide law is tied to the county level of government. It is the law related to maternity. If you want to talk about birth rates, birth rates in particular the Croatian people she must work on that law. It is inconceivable that in some counties do not receive maternity or 1 KM. But we are still the three pillars of the house.
 It means a responsible mother, wife, daughter, grandmother. With the holy duty members of our community are women and many successful politicians, businessmen, lawyers, doctors, professors. Our members are individuals who perform highly responsible duties at the State level and the Federation. I would not cited by the name of them all, but one moram.To Mrs. Borjana Kristo. Our members and the first, remember this - the first woman nominated by a party candidate for the Croatian member of BiH Presidency. To say with pride because gđa.Krišto only woman ever nominated by any party in Bosnia and Herzegovina, this responsible duty. I will not talk about an independent candidate because behind them is of a Party. And we hereby send the message that it is time to recognize the quality of politicians in this country. With pride I say that we are the only party in the area, and perhaps in an environment that is with full confidence to its community of women abandoned the running candidates on a list of all levels, from the county, through the Federal and State lists.
 It speaks volumes about the quality, strength and confidence we have in synergy with our colleagues. Furthermore, our work is recognized and the EPPW (European People&#39;s Party women) headed by Mrs. Doris Pack. After their call for a couple of meetings we attended and I gđica.Marina Pendeš. I think that these lines can be read as we HDZ BIH attention devoted wife. With our Youth HDZ BiH and the Political Academy (led by political director of Mrs. Lydia Bradara), the Community Women make up the three pillars of the party HDZ BIH. We are pro-European oriented parties, but we want to preserve our vrijednote, cultural and spiritual heritage. What would you change if you get a mandate from the voters? We HDZ BIH we already made a program 2010-2014. The program is divided into three parts: the Rule of Law: Economic development and social sensitivity. In this program, there are guidelines for the work to those who received a mandate from voters, including me, the (www.hdzbi.org program_2010-2014).
 First, what would we all delegates from the HDZ BIH does is change of the Constitution. This is the first and most important thing you need to change in favor of equality of the Croatian people. Our new Constitution is already written, prepared by top experts from the HDZ BIH. (Www.hdzbih.org constitutional amendments, constitutional principles). We will encourage the country to invest and provides investment and thus initiate the need for new positions - to reduce unemployment and developed and market-oriented economies. I will work on the program of social policy and social responsibility. To cite a quote from our Programme 2010-2014, which says: &quot;Reforms should be in the service of citizens and social welfare reform will succeed only when each individual can expect to get and the help the community at a time when he needed&quot; What to say to voters for the elections? Most importantly, that none of the adults do not remain doma.Svi this time we have to go to the polls and vote.
 Do not let anyone tell us that there is no us in this our country. So please, appeal to all age girls, women, daughters, mothers, grandmothers, aunts, aunt, aunts, etc. to 03.10. have no more important job than to go to the polls and vote. To lead all of their adult family members who have two about voting. But those who do not have the right to vote, those who have not yet punoljetni.Neka learn the sacred obligation of every man and democratic government. Fight for their prava.Na to have invited them and their eyes BIH.Da bishops vote by their conscience, say the bishops. You will allow me to say, a vote and that the strongest party with Croatian sign, the HDZ BiH and our candidate for the Croatian member of BiH Presidency Mrs.. Borjana Kristo
 