Thursday 23rd September 2010. in Siroki Brijeg, under the chairmanship of president Zdenko Cosic, held on 2 Session of the Government of West County. At the session, the Government adopted the Decision on approval to the Ordinance amending the Ordinance on Internal Organization of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the County of West and the Ordinance on amendments to the Ordinance on Internal Organization of the Ministry of Education, Science, Culture and Sports of the West County. Also, the Government has taken note of reports about the state of the Ministries of West County with data on employment and their status, as well as the report of the Ministry of Economy of the County of West concluded the concession agreement in West County. In addition, the Government adopted a decision on the dismissal of the Commission for personnel and administrative matters of the Government of West County, which was resolved by Commission members: Bozo Zovko, Marijan Babic et al
 Boris Grizzle, while the decision on the appointment of the Commission for personnel and administrative matters appointed: the Minister of Justice and Administration Crnjac Wilson, Minister of Physical Planning, Resources and Environmental Ivan Beslic, and Minister of the Croatian Homeland War Mladen Begin. The Government today held a meeting with union representatives employed in primary schools, WHC, union staff in secondary schools and WHC representatives of the union employees of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of WHC, which are members of the Government unions met with the state treasury in the Ministry of Finance in order to have an insight into the real situation in West County budget. It was concluded that within 24 hours of labor unions in writing to be sent information relating to all payments made during the period from 4 August 2010. until today. During the day, Prime Minister Zdenko Cosic, together with ministers, held a press conference at which the assembled media representatives presented information on the status quo in the West County budget, irregularities and illegalities in the work of the former government, especially in the period after the censure.
 President Cosic said that the former government, despite its conclusion about the commitment of the Government of West County in the transitional period, which was passed by the Assembly of West County in the 34th meeting held on 4 August 2010. year, and that the Government undertakes not to make any transactions other than payment of wages and contributions to the budget users, ignore This conclusion, which is grossly violated the Law on Execution of Budget of the County of West. Government WHC [From the President&#39;s Office]
 