Jesus&#39; crucifixion is part of the Passion of Jesus described in the New Testament. After carrying the cross came to Calvary in Jerusalem, Jesus was waiting for guards to dig a pit in which to put the cross. According to Jewish custom, women are offered Jesus a strong wine with a touch of bitter, that he felt numb, so it suffers less pain. It is in Scripture called bile, because it is bitter. Jesus tasted the drink, but he did not want to drink, because he wanted to suffer in full consciousness, for the redemption of human sin. Before the crucifixion, Jesus, the guards had to remove clothing to him over the head prevuku nešivenu dress. When undressing, they had clothes and sometimes break away from the body, because it stuck to the skin due to bleeding. It is Jesus inflicted further pain. For the Romans, more criminals naked on the cross, when they crucified. For Jews it is customary to cover the hips. Thus, this is Jesus. Jesus willingly allowed him to be crucified on the cross, in order to fulfill God&#39;s plan of salvation.
 First, his rope firmly tied his hands and feet to the cross, because it would otherwise have moved the hammer blows of the hands and feet. The guard took a long nail and drove it into the hands of Jesus. He had to repeatedly hammer the nails, to reach a wood cross. Additional shots were even more painful because the bones were smashed apart and the blood vessels. With your foot on the crucifixion cross, Jesus had to tighten the first leg towards the body to the plantar be completely on the cross. The nail is going longer than the punching hand. Jesus gave his arm to break, for the sins that people make their hands and feet for the sins of the people when they walk through immorality. [1] I do not know whether Jesus&#39; feet were nailed with one or two nails. Until 12 century, artists have depicted a crucifix with legs that are next to each other, nailed with two nails. From 12 century, the artists displayed a crucifix, where the feet are placed one on another with a single nail. When Jesus was crucified, the cross is supposed osoviti.
 They were given part of the cross where they were hand and drew a cross to the pit, where it utak. They had Jesus bound to cross the armpits, that his hands do not tear when you pick up the cross. It was painful, when all the body weight transferred to the hands and when the lower part of the cross hit the pit. Beneath the cross were the seat on which Jesus upirao, because his hands are otherwise dissolved by weight of the cross. Seats can not be seen or displayed on the crucifix, because behind the hips did not even see. Over Jesus&#39; head was the inscription: &quot;Jesus of Nazareth, King of the Jews (Jn 19.19).&quot; [2]. &quot;It is written in the fortress Antonia. Pontius Pilate ordered that it writes. The inscription was in Latin, Greek and Hebrew. He was in Latin because the Romans ruled the land. The inscription was in Greek and because many Jews in Jerusalem were immigrants from areas where they spoke Greek. Hebrew language spoken by local Jews.
 The Jewish priests did not immediately notice it says on the label. Later they asked Pontius Pilate to change the text: &quot;Do not write King of the Jews, but said that the King of the Jews (Jn 19:21).&quot; Pilate turned them down and did not change the label. The inscription, the first word Jesus means Savior from sin, the second word represents the city of Nazareth where Jesus was born. The third word is telling the Jews that Jesus is the king whom the prophets preached, and the Jewish people had expected. The inscription was about 60 cm long, covered with the contents. Saint Helena 326th The finding is part of the inscription, now preserved in the church. Cross in Rome. Jesus is the head had a crown of thorns. The guards, after they have completed the crucifixion of Jesus, cast lots to determine who will get the bottom of Jesus&#39; garments, sandals, belt and tunic. There are still dresses woven in one piece. It was not torn to pieces, but they cast lots which will be allocated.
 This prophecy was fulfilled: &quot;They divided my clothes among themselves and to dress my cast lots (Mt 27.35).&quot; The guards were probably sold Jesus&#39; clothes and sandals, because they had their military clothes and shoes. [Edit] Sources v • d • Jesus • Annunciation secluded life of Jesus &#39;birth • Presentation in the Temple • World Day • Flight to Egypt Public Action • Baptism of Jesus&#39; temptation in the wilderness • The Wedding at Cana • • Selection of the apostles with Nicodemus • Sermon on the Mount • Transfiguration on Mount Tabor • Jesus • Miracles of Jesus&#39; parables • Jesus • Jesus and the children and women of passion and resurrection of festive entry into Jerusalem • The Last Supper • The Agony on the Mount of Olives • The trial of Jesus • Jesus • Lashing crown of thorns • Way of the Cross • Crucifixion • Jesus on the cross • burial • Resurrection • The road to Emmaus • Ascension • Jesus in the Eucharist Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isusovo_razapinjanje&quot; Category: Jesus
 