Austria (official German title: Austria, Bavaria: Östareich or Estareich, Alemannic: Öschtriich, Slovenia: Austria, Hungary: Austria) countries in Central Europe, and consists of 9 states. Liechtenstein borders Austria and Switzerland in the west, Italy and Slovenia in the south, Hungary and Slovakia to the east, and Germany and the Czech Republic in the north. Contents [edit] Name Österreich Austria Official name derives from an old word visokonjemačke Ostarrîchi (eastern Reich), and as such was first mentioned in 996th year. A document from the 996th This term is applied to markgrofoviju which is ruled by Count Henry I of Babenbergs, situated on a territory roughly the present-day province of Lower Austria. Austria is the Latinized name forms the Germanic word for east.
 Austrian is also mentioned in the name Austroazija, the eastern part of the Franconian. The name Austria means that mark the eastern border area of the East, because it was the easternmost part of the Holy Roman Empire at that time. [1] At the same time it was the easternmost and German-speaking countries. [Change] Further article: History of Austria after being conquered by the Romans, Huns, Lombards, Ostrogoths, Bavarians and Franks, Austria was ruled Babenbergs of 10 to 13 century, when they were succeeded by the Habsburgs. Family continued to govern Austria until the 20th century. After the abolition of the Holy Roman Empire, Austria&#39;s 1867th became part of the dual monarchy of Austria-Hungary. Austro-Hungarian Empire broke up after losing the First World War, Austria was founded as it is today. Austria was annexed by Germany 1938th (the &quot;Anschluss&quot;). Allies after World War II kept Austria under occupation do 1955.
 year, when he again gained full independence by signing the Austrian State Treaty and under the condition that it remained neutral. However, after the collapse of communism in Eastern Europe, Austria is increasingly involved, and in 1995. She became a member of the European Union, 2002. Euro currency is introduced. [Edit] Politics More detailed article: Politics of Austria Head of state President, elected by popular vote every six years. The President chooses the chancellor, who is usually the leader of the largest party in parliament. The Austrian parliament has two chambers, the Bundesrat (Federal Council), which consists of 64 representatives of the states according to population, and Nationalrat (State Council), which has 183 deputies who are directly elected. After three decades of Social Democrats (SPÖ), 2000. was established right-wing coalition of the conservative People&#39;s Party (ÖVP) and the rightist Freedom Party (FPÖ). After the turmoil within the FPÖ about politics and leadership, Federal Chancellor Wolfgang Schüssel (ÖVP) announced on 9
 September 2002. that general elections would be held early, end of November. In the elections of 24 November 2002. ÖVP won a landslide victory (42.3% of votes), while the FPÖ gained 10.1%. Austrian parliament (Nationalrat, 183 seats) has the following composition: Dana 28 February 2003. coalition between the ÖVP and the FPÖ was renewed, and Wolfgang Schüssel (ÖVP) has once again become federal chancellor. His deputy was Herbert Haupt (FPÖ) until it was replaced by Hubert Gorbach (FPÖ) 20 October 2003. Before that, long-lasting &quot;probing talks&quot; (&quot;Sondierungsgespräche&quot;) between the ÖVP and the other major parties - the FPÖ, SPÖ and the Greens. [Edit] Federal state Further article: Federal State of Austria Map of Austria&#39;s federal state of Austria Austria is a federal republic and is divided into nine federal states (Bundesländer). These are: 1 - Burgenland (Burgenland) 2 - Carinthia (Kärnten) 3 - Lower Austria (Niederösterreich) 4 - Upper Austria (Oberösterreich) 5 - 6 Salzburg - Styria (Steiermark) 7 - 8 Tirol - Vorarlberg 9 - Vienna (Wien) [edit] Language The official language of Austria is German, but in everyday life most of the spoken dialect, which belongs to the Bavarian or Austrian or, in Vorarlberg, alemanskoj group of dialects.
 In the state of Burgenland spoken Croatian, Hungarian and Romani language, the state of Carinthia and Slovenian. [Edit] Geography Further article: Geography of Austria Austria&#39;s west and south lie the Alps. Because of the mountainous areas of Austria is a famous tourist destination for winter sports. The highest peak is the Grossglockner (3798 m), followed by Wildspitze (3774 m). North and east of the country are mostly hilly and flat. The largest river is the Danube. Austria has seven national parks and nature reserves around sixty. In western and central part of the prevailing snow climate with a marked rainfall and low winter temperatures. Summer temperatures are up to 20 C. In the valleys of the frequent fog and temperature inversions. To the east, dominated by moderate continental climate. The largest cities are: [edit] Transportation significant inland port for international traffic as Vienna and Linz. [Edit] Economy Further article: Economy of Austria Austria has a well-developed market economy and high standard of living.
 Cultivates good relations with the European Union economies, especially Germany. Membership in the EU has attracted foreign investors attracted by Austria&#39;s current and future EU member. Slower economic growth in Germany and elsewhere in the world&#39;s economic growth slowed to 1.2% in 2001. year. [Edit] Further Education article: Education in Austria Education System in Austria is regulated at the federal level, so that all schools throughout Austria, but alternative, equivalent. The jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education and teacher education and school maintenance. [Edit] Population More detailed article: The population of Austria&#39;s official language is German, which is also spoken in Germany. However, the standard German language in Austria is different from versions used in Germany. For example, uses several Slavic words (eg corn, Kren, Golatsche, Sliwowitz, Powidl, Fišo).
 One part of Austrian nationals belonging to minorities. Croatian minority in Burgenland is the most common, where there are about 35,000 Croats. In Carinthia and Styria has a population of 50.000 Slovenes. Austria has a lot of immigrant workers. More than three quarters of Austrians are Catholic. Other important religion as Islam and Protestantism. [Edit] Ethnic groups in Austria More detailed article: Ethnic groups in Austria in Austria to the UN Country Population (2007). Inhabited by some 40-odd nations, among which most are the Austrians (about 7 million) from a total population of 8.361 million . [Edit] Culture Further article: Culture of Austria in Austria were born many famous composers, among others, Mozart, Schubert, Haydn, Johann Strauss father and son, Schoenberg, Webern and Berg, Bruckner. We should mention the famous physicists Boltzmann and Schrödinger, philosophers Wittgenstein and Gode, the psychoanalyst Freud, and Musil Bruckner writer and painter Klimt.
 [Edit] Kitchen More detailed article: Austria, Austrian cuisine is known for its cuisine, and some of the specialties are: Tyrolean bacon dumplings (Tiroler Speckknödel), Vienna saloon plućica (Wiener Salonbeuschel), rib eye steak with onions (Zwiebelrostbraten), Vienna cooked beef (Wiener Tafelspitz), Honeycomb (Buhteln), Apple Strudel (Apfelstrudel), crushed an imperial (Kaiserschmarrn), dumplings Salzburg (Salzburger Nockerln) Germknedle (Germknödel) [edit] National Holidays (days off) the date of the Croatian name of local name Notes 1 January New Year Neujahr 6th January Epiphany Heilge Drei Könige is called the plain Epiphanie Ostermontag date of Easter Monday, the day after the first Easter May Staatsfeiertag called the Labour sliding date Ascension of Christ Christi Himmelfahrt Thursday, 40 days after the date of Easter, Pentecost Pfingstmontag plain plain Corpus Fronleichnam date Thursday, 11 days after Pentecost 15th
   