- The group of people that I support the right to life, but also the right to death - said the 34-year-old doc. Dr. Hrvoje Juric, professor of ethics at the Faculty of Philosophy in Zagreb (teaches ethics and bioethics), which was last week at the Cultural Centre Trešnjevka gave a lecture on euthanasia. It is, says doc. Dr. Juric issue that will, like all modern countries have to face Croatia, and crucial in forming an opinion on this in the U.S. is still a taboo subject when life stops. - The question is whether the man lived only because of the existence or the importance and quality of life, especially in times of severe illness becomes very dubious - the doc said. Juric. Case Englaro - Today&#39;s Medical termination of life no longer considered a heart, but brain death, which is the first criterion for the possibility of organ donation - said Juric et al. This fact largely supports the view of the fact that life must be met and quality.
 Several cases of euthanasia, and the last one Elene Englaro, Italian, whose father after 15 years who requested that his daughter be removed from the feeding apparatus. - Due to the lack of legal regulations in the case of Italy finished so that the girl after she was finally allowed to move out with the camera literally skapala of hunger and thirst, which is much nehumanije of active euthanasia doctor medication that interrupts the life in a humane and painless way - warned Dr. Juric. Interestingly, according to doc. Juric, that the Church has a fairly permissive attitude toward end of life &quot;treating&quot; a patient, but when after the commencement of life, someone should relieve suffering, the Church will not allow this act. And doctors are not &quot;open&quot; to euthanasia. - I do not want to talk about it because as treatment advocates do not like to participate in the act of death, as is clear from the fact that you do not like to perform abortions - said Dr.
 Juric. Such an attitude of doctors about euthanasia and abortion should be, if they ever allow termination of life, definitely changed. A particular problem, says doc. Juric, is the so-called disrespect. the biological testament. Not killing - Example of a patient who does not want to be treated, but at the moment when it falls into a coma doctors have treated him and how he was not aware of, can not oppose this - said Juric et al. Croatia, according to assistant professor, has no position on euthanasia, and the only law that is regulated by the criminal. - Unfortunately, society is not yet ready to begin a public discussion about it, and euthanasia is not killing but saving the dignity of life when it itself becomes a torment - he explained his position Dr. Jurica, adding that when he does the right to death for not supporting that healthy people who do not want to live in his act of suicide involving others. - This problem has now Switzerland.
 If someone wants to kill a man there that &quot;service&quot; can be ordered from the association that deals with time and thus to achieve something that I have no courage - said Dr. Juric and added that a law that would permit euthanasia must be strictly and accurately determine who, when and how euthanasia may approve and perform. And the first citizen from Bosnia went to Dignitas in Zurich Killing Luxembourg was third in the EU after the Netherlands and Belgium, in March this year legalized euthanasia. It was legalized in Switzerland, while outside Europe in Colombia, some Australian regions in the U.S. state of Oregon. Private clinic Dignitas (Dignity) in Zurich has become the meeting place of desperate people from all over the world, but the country has recently decided to change their ultraliberal law on euthanasia, which dates back to the 40-ies of 20th century. - We, as a country, not in their interest to become more attractive by &quot;suicide tourism&quot; - said Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf, the justice minister.
 Under the proposal, organizations will be assisted euthanasia to people who have voluntarily expressed their desire to &quot;murder out of compassion.&quot; It will present two certificates from doctors who are not connected with the organization, which proves that the person who wants to die sanity and that her illness is in its final phase, which will soon lead to death. Organization &quot;Dignitas&quot; expressed concern that the new law could lead to increased &quot;self-suicide under the train.&quot; You come into life, however, change the law, the clinic &quot;Dignitas&quot; and &quot;Exit&quot; shall adopt stricter code of conduct or will have to close the door. Otherwise, in a &quot;Dignitas&quot; and is currently a citizen of BiH, the only one from that country in 11 years as &quot;Dignitas&quot; there. In this period there have died around 900 people, and everyone pays around 4000 euros. &quot;Miracles&quot; write-in patients argument against euthanasia, Dr. Jasna Stoic Brezak, anesthesiologists and transplant coordinator in the Clinical Hospital in Zagreb on the ribs, he says: - I am absolutely against euthanasia.
 Life stops &quot;when the time comes.&quot; Doctors are not the ones who should be &quot;masters of life and death&quot;. Famous neurosurgeon Bennett said, referring to the moment when the doctor must decide that a person can become a donor of organs for transplantation: As soon as we suspect, there is no doubt: we should give up because the person is not dead. No matter how many doctors were hard to watch the suffering, especially the people in terminal stages of illness (note that there are excellent medicines for pain), life should be valued. My long-standing practice taught me that the &quot;miracle&quot; is possible and it is probable that leaves the patient&#39;s life forever - she is Dr. Jasna Stoic Brezak. Theologian Dr. Adalbert Rebic says his personal view that man has the right to life and death, but only in a natural way. Euthanasia is equated with murder. Asked about the cases where a person &quot;turns off&quot; the ventilator, and she, like patients from Italy, died due to hunger and thirst because euthanasia is not allowed, etc.
 Rebic answered that no one is obliged to resort to devices to be maintained on a life. - But if the man decided to be kept alive artificially, then it should be left to die a natural death - said Dr. Rebic. If the patient off the ventilator, then it is, explains the theologian, kills. Despite the sometimes truly great human suffering before death, no one has the right to ask the other to be the one who will euthanize him - said Dr. Rebic. (IPS / VLM)
 