Ivo Josipovic went to Bosnia, apparently willingly, and just in Ahmici, and it is not yet clear if only in his own or on behalf of the entire Croatian, expressed regret that his country has contributed to the local bloody vortex. He did what his predecessors did not want or never, and only it is enough that he takes his place in history. Josipovic CROSS I remember when I walked in Racan journalist accompanying the Bleiburg, many have accused him of compromise, because it was difficult to nod the Bleiburg iconography that has not disappeared. But I felt that it was statesmanlike move by a great man, which is a compromise of any middle name, it was clear to me that he could not do fifteen years before, although at the Beiburgu in the meantime, little has changed. I was proud of Ivo Sanader, when he did so seemingly simple gestures in the right place izgovorivši &quot;Christ is born&quot;, something that Racan would probably not be forgiven.
 Quite recently, the time is finally ripe and at the very epicenter of the Croatian collective guilt, in Jasenovac, we see clearly and hear representatives of the Croatian Catholic Church. But there are other demons that haunted us and cast perpetual shadows on the entire Croatian people. Names like Ahmić or Dretelj are certainly among them. The cross, he doubted in God or not, today is in our name, decided to take at University of. Their share of responsibility for the bloodshed in Bosnia and Herzegovina carries power in Bosnia, is to blame the international community, the leaders of the rebel Serbs, who have all started to say nothing, but when apologizing, no &quot;but&quot;, apologizing for her and ( not) works with communities that are identificiraš, haunted by personal or collective sense of injustice or remorse, propel the objective or subjective responsibility. Do not talk about what others have done to you. When talking about the victims of the Ahmici not explain them to victims in Krizancevo Selo, how many of those could be related.
 When talking about the victims in Krizancevo Selo, not explain them victims of the Ahmici. The only link you laugh impose is that in both cases were militarily completely pointless, unnecessary and savage massacre of the civilian population, whose only sin was that they were the wrong nationality. Josipovic did exactly what he needed - he visited both villages, not explaining crime crime. He went to Mostar, which was Stipe Mesic avoided in a wide arc. Why would a bad conscience Ahmici still had to wait in line behind and other Croatian Bleiburg execution, it&#39;s probably only Hebrang knows and I thank God that he had no chance to be elected president of this country. Ivo Josipovic spoke about the policy division, which is indisputable, that is shameful and that every honest man must feel remorse, he personally participated in it or not. Who can deny the existence of such a policy? Who can not lie to us in person? Josipovic also notes that the Croatian side of this policy contributed to, and therefore deeply regrets.
 Anybody to be denied?? However, those who obviously do not have the purest conscience immediately read that he was in fact only targeted the agreement Tudjman and Milosevic, and attempts at physical dismemberment of Bosnia and that he implicitly acknowledged that Croatia was an aggressor in Croatia. Well, no. Speech is a very carefully worded so that it covers everything, but by no means trying to highlight those crazy historical circumstances, but it comes down to defining the basic elements of humanity, citizens of the state and democracy, which are all in a row in this case absolutely failed. PHOTO: HINA Even though Croatia is absolutely clear, what common sense acts like science fiction, even if there was no evidence, even that was not just no ambition to Bosnia, it was not making a big mistake, but I&#39;m Croatian signature of the Dayton Agreements, the ultimate is a sin and a proof that Croatia participated in the division of Bosnia, itself worthy of apology and regret.
 Original sin is not it sad that as Josipovićevog historic breakthroughs, all of Croatia, just buzzing about whether or not we now be able to sue somebody or not? An apology is not an explicit acknowledgment of a fault in itself does not mean putting your head on the stump waiting for grace. It is a civilized act of the victims, but also toward oneself, to do could look in the mirror. Unfortunately, after Josipovic apologies, Croatia politics remains too much of those lying to us and continue to lie to themselves in the face. Vladimir Seks said that rejects any idea that Croatia is in any way participated in or contributed to divisions in BiH. But he is among those who probably do not socialize much with the mirror, and when that happens, miopično only see a double stain. Together with him the revolt, and some who, by definition, you probably do not leave no reflection in the mirror. I am surprised to some extent only thing Kosor decided to open this knife Josipovic welcomed the move, even announcing that they will call him to order when they return to Zagreb, with a speech about how Croatia was an aggressor in Bosnia, which, if not just withdrawal of Croatia apology in BiH, at least lessen its severity.
 But she probably could not disappoint the party in this expectation. In law it is, I do not think that Croatia should be legally or morally be condemned as an aggressor in Bosnia, I am convinced that the Croatian policy toward the Bosniak nation, which at that point just formed in BiH, when added up all the pros and cons but with a historical lag of a decade and a half deserves a positive evaluation, and this applies to the holders of those policies, Franjo Tudjman (which can not be said for the treatment of ethnic Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina). However, a waiver of any liability is complete nonsense. Even if Croatia is absolutely clear, what common sense acts like science fiction, even if there was no evidence, even that was not just no ambition to Bosnia, it was not making a big mistake, but I&#39;m Croatian signature of the Dayton Agreements, the ultimate sin proof that Croatia participated in the division of Bosnia, itself worthy of apology and regret.
 And what are the shameful agreement that the United Kingdom finally really broken, mark your fat thumb and put some others, my God, this is their historical guilt - for that alone they should apologize.
 