It was clear that after Josipovic and Tadic in the acclaimed visit to Ovcara and Paulin Dvor spoken apology by trying to close the chapter of mutual mrzilačkih charges, opening the question of who first started it can not sound good if you want any, uh, politically wise. On the other hand, Stanimirovic is uttered something that is undeniably true. Yes, you really are in Vukovar before the start of that insane bombardmana merčepovci killed two dozen Serbs. Factually, it can not be avoided when it comes to who started the war in Vukovar, although it can not apsolutizirati, and I was no less important who was the war, and how, over. However, President SDSS has not said anything that is not true, and not the fact that their ripped out of a report Štrpčevog Veritas or some other similar organization. It publicly announced the Croatian Helsinki Committee, and used several Croatian media. So I decided to give the man a discount and wait to hear all say with one voice, Stanimirovic falsifies the history of Vukovar war, but no one denied that the eight p.m. slain Serbs, which is a fundamental prerequisite for any, even najostrašćeniju polemic response from the Croatian side, because without it , speaks thickly experience, you can never rounded picture of these issues.
 The experience confirmed. Stanimirovic attacked no one knows who is not of prime minister and other cabinet members of the notorious internet forums that do not speak, and all of these responses was, well, a common touch. May we sing say Stanimirovic falsifies the history of Vukovar war, but no one denied that the eight p.m. slain Serbs, which is a fundamental prerequisite for any, even najostrašćeniju controversy. No, in this case. None of the Serbian victims and does not mention, which is much worse than denial, because it refers to something controversial, something that could possibly still could be true, but that does not exist here. Slain Serbs simply do not exist. When you see the wonder: if &quot;our&quot; and &quot;their&quot; dead indeed two different worlds so that each of the real peak of Velebit national pride and glory, while others can not recognize even the bones in clay. And it is a key issue, which opened in full legitimacy Stanimirovićevim interview, however any better that he did it by hand, not like how he did, his foot.
 Which are, in fact, innocent Serbian victims killed in Vukovar before the war? Whose posmicani Serbs in Sisak, Gospic, Paulin Dvor, Varivode .. finally in Zagreb itself? After the foaming reaction to the interview turns out that they certainly do not belong to Croatia, and they belong to her or at least do not care as long as it was clear that the squad for the Croatian citizens. However, what is true citizenship when, behold, the official representatives of the Croatian government Serbian victims in Vukovar simply no such until recently did not exist even in the whole country. The records of dead and missing were fought, in fact, only victims of Croatian, which was so awful, so their utterly individual Ethnicising the dead that in the end had to be abolished. Now the Serbs lay dead in the same&#39;s record books with the dead Croats. It was the first Tomislav Mercep, a knight whose side Vukovar, Croatia episode pushes the ilovačupriznanje that the Croatian government, in order to formulate Jelena Lovric, admitted Serbian victims as their own, and this is without doubt the civilizing step forward.
 But in these recent events it is obvious that in the true sense of the general public did not sit, and, by God, even to those who have made such a decision. It is therefore an important pedagogical role played by Ivo Josipovic when the recently discovered protocol prescribed by the state restored monument to slain Serbs and Serb women in Varovodama, the first monument of Serbian victims in Croatia. Only time sent a clear and appropriately framed message that Croatia mourns slain Serbian civilians as something that belonged to her, and her brutal violence revoked. The only shadow over the time still remaining, is that the perpetrators of the Varivode are not punished, as indeed the same such a shadow over the recent lies and Tadic&#39;s visit Vukovar as long as the perpetrators of local crimes are not convicted. So, this whole sensitive and complex memorial complex has its own internal logic, and some have a flow that is moving Fortunately, the truth slowly, toward his goal.
 But that goal will remain infinitely far away if they are accurate Stanimirovic claims in politics to be deliberate in Croatia only reveal the tomb with the Croatian victims, and avoiding those that are known to them in Serbian. It can be Stanimirovićev interview a hundred times considered a provocative, but more than this is simply not allowed to cross if it is really so, it should be regarded as a scandal of the first order. For, if the Croatian graves and find otkapaju even najprovidnije purposes, the crowd stirred up voting against his political opponents on the left, and obscures the Serbian, then there&#39;s unprecedented manipulation of the living dead shall expose at least two reasons. First, it is politically sick, and if they do not expose the culprits will get sick, if not already, and the slain Serbs simply do not exist. When you see the wonder: if &quot;our&quot; and &quot;their&quot; dead indeed two different worlds so that each of the real peak of Velebit national pride and glory, while others can not recognize even the bones in clay the entire country.
 Secondly, this is the 1991-95 Croatian war imagery, it removes as gravel with a shovel, the Serbian side of truth, and freely, then this meeting Josipović-Tadic. He was such a success precisely because it is implicitly acknowledged that the Croatian and Serbian truth about the war of the nineties does not need to continue to wage war with one another, can coexist peacefully. Finally, these two things will make a normal and desirable to further chase Stanimirovic, which has already grown large reason why it started. The day after the interview in Politika, the browser on the radio in a car accident brought me to the Radio Banovinu. I know that emits from Glina, therefore, for an area with relatively many Serbian population, but nevertheless, or precisely because, I hear, begins to contact program designed as a kind of folk trial Stanimirovic. Head of the audience questioned whether it Kosor be dismissed because of this inexcusable interviews, which at first do not understand, removed from anything, and then you realize that this thought Stanimirovic, Deputy Prime Minister.
 To think, hear, and listeners, most of which are considered to Kosor it must do so immediately, only few are against it, or even defend Stanimirovic claims of Serbian victims in Vukovar. Gasim, the ride further and I think the - well, my Vojo, your happiness that this is only virtual.
 