- Are you with us? How many times we have played here? Never? So what has kept us so long? We&#39;re here you feel good because when you are well, and we are good - he cried out, Metallica frontman James Hetfield and on Sunday a little after 21 hours at the Zagreb hippodrome launched a wave of maniacal energy that did not weaken the entire two hours as the concert continued. Metallica is in Zagreb, appeared the first time in 30 years of existence, and they arrived in the &quot;World Magnetic&quot; tour, which also represent its ninth studio album &quot;Death Magnetic&quot;. Music began with a hit &quot;Creeping Death&quot;, a solid riffs of his songs like &quot;Enter Sandman&quot;, &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, &quot;One,&quot; continued the 30,000 people in the open field Hippodrome šibanih rain to maintain the positive tension longing of every new hit. Rain falling relentlessly for two days field under the feet of the audience turned into a quagmire in which it could hardly walk, and most importantly be able to draw shoes from the mud and do not stay barefoot.
 But all this is still further contributed frenetičnosti atmosphere of the concert that will be remembered by many. At the Hippodrome had come together fans from all countries of the region, most Slovenes, Austrians and Bulgarians, and no one complained, because just as we are one of the passionate supporters of Metallica he explained: - They are the giants of heavy metal and no amount of mud and rain that we can prevent them admiringly listen! And thirty years since its inception Metallica has shown that it is still in the game. The band members in Zagreb had arrived shortly before 18 pm on the day of the concert, and as we learn from the organizers, immediately after the concert they went to sleep at the hotel, and on Monday go to Lisbon where they have the next gig. A Zagreb in its concert history entered another trophy that will be remembered for the spectacular energy, impressive sound and guitar solos, effects, fireworks and great atmosphere.
 Photo gallery from the concert here.
 