Every year in the world to produce a large number of films. And yet each of us can be on the fingers of one hand count those who are changing our lives and the way I feel. One such film is &quot;The Sound of Dreams&quot; (The Sound of Music) in 1965 starring Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer. It is a story about family values and human ideals, the love between a man and a woman, about parental love and love of country which is willing to submit to the victim. The film is the autobiography of Maria Augusta von Trapp, and the story is, I believe, known to all: a retired naval officer missing kuk monarchy after the death of his wife lives alone with children on the farm near Salzburg. As a young governess employed by Maria Kutschera, researcher from a nearby Benedictine monastery. Discipline and spontaneity, music, children&#39;s mischief and sheer home training, the birth of love between a man and a woman, escape from Nazi Austria themes are the movie.
 Few however know that there is an autobiography of Georg von Trapp and that is the most decorated submarine captain collapsed empire was born and educated in Croatia, where he met his first wife and where his first three children were born. The story of their meeting and love at the same time, however, the story of two important monarchical center: Pula naval and commercial-industrial river. Georg von Trapp was born on 4 travnja 1880th in Zadar, a part of my childhood was spent in Pula, where his father was transferred August Ritter von Trapp. At that time the Pula has been the main naval port of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Many of the barracks, military hospitals, Naval Observatory, the Admiralty building, designed several great parks, the magnificent church of Our Lady of the Sea, the city library, a casino and villas for officers, theater, pier and other buildings testify today about the importance of the former main port of Imperial. Men in uniforms and women in gowns gave the spirit and rhythm of city life.
 The strict military hierarchy and the hierarchy of noble titles gave the tone was still carefully ordered world. Honor the dignity of man and woman in that time has defended with the sword and were a sign of success led to the lived life. If you walk Pula, with traces of the ancient world you will always encounter a magnificent building, which also indicate the splendor of the main military airport lost empire. For example, Marine Church (Garnisonkirche Madonna del Mare) was not under the jurisdiction of the Pula and Poreč diocese, but the Austrian Military Vicariate, and laid the cornerstone of the emperor Franz Joseph I, and gave himself for her 5000 crown. This happened 28th June 1891, the eve of St. Peter and Paul, during 25.obljetnice Austrian victory over the Italian army at Visa, in memory of fallen sailors. Pompa uniforms and ranks, parades, military power, korza concerts, shall go to church on Sundays and coffee shop, a decisive step sailors and gently rustling lace heads like you are still presumed walk around.
 In Pula, Georg von Trapp later lived with his family, but the story still has to obey the chronology of the life of George, so we have to go to the river where he attended high school and naval maritime academy ending 1898th and gets the title of cadet (the same academy and finished his father, a captain in the Austrian Navy). An integral part of officer training and then were etiquette, dancing and playing the violin since the officers are allowed to attend social gatherings aristocracy and bourgeoisie, and had access to the court dances. At this time The river was at its peak commercial and industrial power (half the total of the then Croatian industry in Rijeka). Only the center of the river is characterized by buildings with five floors, a typical height of Vienna and Budapest, and which are not so much even in Graz, Klagenfurt and in Zagreb. Care and thoroughness, diligence and patience with the courage of local businesses and is now felt in the city.
 Sugar refinery opened in 1754. Mr and already at that time employed 1000 people. 1858th The River has 12 shipyards, large paper factory and the largest tobacco factory in the whole monarchy. At the turn of the century the port of Rijeka was, according to the amount of traffic, among the ten largest European ports. For our story, however, a key feature of the establishment of metal foundries 1853rd year, which begins work next year. From Trieste to her coming engineer Robert Whitehead, and brings the technology for steam boilers and a new company developed steam engines for armored frigates &quot;Erzherzog Ferdinand Max&quot; and &quot;Kaiser Maximilian&quot;. Mid-sixties he meets a retired officer John Luppisa who had the idea of a new weapon - a boat without a crew with explosives. At that time, a foundry is called Rijeka technical enterprise. It started with research, experiments, technical and mechanical jobs.
 The result of the first torpedo in the world, produced in Rijeka 1866th year (the company was then renamed to &quot;Torpedofabrik Whitehead und Co..&quot;). River became the center of the world&#39;s most modern industry. Whitehead was the owner and forty large residential building in Rijeka. Although himself a monumental tomb built in the shape of pyramids of leather with the sarcophagus, which was carved life-size, yet in 1905. was buried in England. Son John married an Austrian countess Agathe Breunner and bought land close to Zell am See. The oldest daughter married to son of Chancellor Bismarck, and John&#39;s younger daughter, Agatha is the launching submarine &quot;U-6&quot; in the third shipyard May falls in love with Georg von Trapp, after the first commander of the submarine. Baptism and launching the most solemn moment for the city where there is a shipyard. The case is like that on Valentine&#39;s Day this year I present at the christening and launching of tankers as it is the same shipyard built the company Uljanik navigation.
 The shipyard is located near the center of town, founded in 1892. year. Atmosphere of celebration is already felt on the road that goes down to the shipyard. All are appropriately dressed, and you are welcomed by the sounds of brass bands. There were workers in blue overalls with family members, a teacher led class school mlađarije. With the finished hull of the ship, ready for baptism and acceptance as if it was the kind of young to marry, rise scaffolds that are closer to the hull. Scaffolds were decorated with greenery, their climb up the stairs, guests and elders, the sky is vast and blue and suddenly exceedingly close, something is blowing from the sea, but it almost does not see the hull of the monsters that you feel awe and helplessness and you&#39;re wondering how this human Hand made. There were first seen Agatha and George I say all, fell in love at first sight. He was already one approved in combat, keeping upright, proud eyes, strained chest, with a mustache, and she, godmother of the ship, was the daughter of the higher circles, &quot;good chance&quot;.
 Drawn by the festive atmosphere met Agatha and George again later at a reception on the terrace of the Hotel Continental, built 18880th years, and danced their first dance. The best desserts in town, elegant waiters, men s vests from their pockets protruding gold watches, mother and aunts as closely monitor the movements of their tender shoots and potential opportunities, music that plays lightly on the terrace facing the sea and Rječina, the scope of their subsequent meetings and his courtship. Well-ordered world of bourgeois rule solid entertainment is finished Korzo slow walk and then he disappeared into the intimacy of the salon with some showcases and preserves the Maritime Museum today at the Governor&#39;s mansion. At that time, therefore 1908th Georg years after graduation, he returned with prekoocanskih traveling on an armored cruiser Kaiserin und Königin Maria Theresia. He participated in the suppression of the Boxer Rebellion in China&#39;s waters, showed the courage, resourcefulness and dedication and was decorated and promoted to the rank of lieutenant commander.
 Since 1910. to 1913. Georg sailing on a submarine, battle tested its properties and the work of the torpedo. At the beginning of the 1911th year, 10 January, were married on the Agatha, the same year was born in Pula, I believe in the imperial building the hospital, Negri, and their first son, Rupert von Trapp. The family lives in the Pula. Georg are all dedicated to the construction of imperial submarine fleet and the necessary testing and training. 1912th The family moved into the magnificent Casa Trapp villa, built for them. She, along with a dozen nearby villa, designed by Austrian architect Ferdinand Geyer. Villa Trapp is on Veruda, Pula was then the residential area for senior officers. Today, the villa at Pina Budicina 11, is located on the ground floor nursery &quot;More&quot;. The villa is large and spacious, these will be found for example in Vienna in the fourth Döbling. Is a mixture of urban villas and hunting manor, a tower, winding staircases and arched window frames are a favorite architectural element of the time.
 There are two stories today that are neglected garden, I believe, decided ornamental shrubs roses or hydrangeas. Paths around the house once they were kept, and trees carefully circumcised. If you double-circle around the house, I believe you will hear laughter and small Agathe Rupert who was born shortly after the son&#39;s debut. I suppose the service, which is like everywhere else lived in the attic, on a terrace in the evening brought chilled drinks. Covered for dinner, ladies and gentlemen of the relaxed and chatted razmijenjivali latest news and humor. Pine would be difficult at times kidnapped sigh, and more would just chuckled. On the ground floor were the economic areas such as kitchens and pantries, and on the first floor (piano nobile) took place in the social life of families in coffee lounges, for playing music, writing letters and reading, dining, and receiving guests. On the second floor were the bedrooms of the family. Von Trapp family lived a normal life which belonged to the class.
 Formality and rigid way of dealing had not yet gave way to ideas of freedom, which often does not know and does not endorse any rules. Solid rhythm on bounded duties, meals and watches the life income gave peace and clarity. Today the building is divided into several apartments. The main entrance is shabby. If you find the door unlocked, come in and you will see a great big beautiful wooden staircase handrail. The floor is made of oak planks. All together, reminiscent of something less staircase Austrian estates from the film on which the children performed the famous song for a good night. The ceiling is tall and white, the height of the stairs nice and easy to climb up to the first landing of a large size of an average living room modern apartment, which is actually a prelude to two series of salons who have unfortunately remained inaccessible. There were cheers and Agatha Rupert von Trapp when the war began. When she was born Maria Francesca small 28th rujna 1914th year, Agatha is her husband sent a telegram to the pre-arranged code SMS Maria arrived.
 SMS was a tad short for seiner Majestät Schiff. Georg just 1915th in April, enters into active service. Assumed command of the submarine &quot;U-5&quot; anchored in the Bay of Kotor and keeps the Strait of Otranto. Just five days after taking command, the night of 26th to 27 April, sinks with two direct shots French cruiser &quot;Leon shackle&quot; and very quickly acquired and awe in the enemy and the comrades. In May 1918th he was promoted to the rank of corvette captain and named commander of the Bay of Kotor. Being an honorable soldier and an honorable fight was the credo of Georg von Trapp. Popular among sailors as well as after one family member has served more or less ordered, and the merits are not at all proud. Clearly he felt that there is a line between right and wrong choices, between Good and Evil. He was a man of his word and a man of integrity. Feel it on every page of the book written by 1935th
 at the German &quot;Bis zum letzten Flaggenschuss. The book is for the love of his grandfather whom he never met translated by his granddaughter Elizabeth, daughter of his youngest daughter Eleonore &quot;Lorli&quot; and is now easily accessible (To the Last Salute, Mémoires of an Austrian U-Boat Commander). This is a real war book dedicated to the Navy captain, at sea, various ships and submarines, small and large torpedo boats, thinking about military strategy and tactics, the importance of people and their loyalty, decisions, and enemy military honors. But it is also full of beautiful descriptions of the climate and the people they met along the Adriatic. &quot;And when you go to sea, these people still sing their ancient folk songs. Ballads are the countless verses echoing the battle cry, but hear the gentle voices of love. It&#39;s a strange melodies and tones that resonate like us northerners tell stories about the secret love, sorrow and longing of a proud nation enslaved for centuries.
 So although I do not understand words, understand the centuries-old yearning, sad that emanates from them. Their singing touched my soul in a strange way for the first time I heard them. A gig as a hundredth of crickets that they pratnja.Miris country as it brings the night breeze as the man to enchant, so heavy and sweet. &quot; A little further specifically described by the Montenegrins, &quot;If the Montenegrins go down to the market in Kotor, a man riding on a donkey, a woman walking with him and carrying the burden. One of the officers went to the man and asked him: &quot;And you? Are you doing nothing? Is letting a woman to work all alone? &quot;&quot; Nothing? So I sleep with my wife! &quot;But things are not as bad as they seem. Men are good sailors and fishermen and farm the land that would not dare touch a single farmer from Plains. San they go to America where they have brothers and uncles, to come back with something dollars and open a restaurant. &quot; At the end of World War I the empire collapsed.
 Pula was no longer a major imperial naval base, leaving many families. When George returned to the family, children, Agatha said: &quot;You have to be good and dear to daddy, he lost the war and the navy.&quot; The other three children were born in Austria, on the farm Agathine mother near Zell am See. George was too narrow and that the family 1921st moves in Klosterneuburg, where born yet and Martin. Children then engages the scarlet fever, from which third rujna 1922nd Agatha was dying. George went with his family near Salzburg in a suburb of Aigen, and all are dedicated to children. Belonged to the men who love to be fathers and how are deep satisfaction. The family began making music together, and to intensify the arrival of the young novice Maria Kutschera. The couple married on 26th studenog 1927th The global financial crisis took them a great piece of property stored at the Austrian bank, and is part of a common refrain performances. Georg von Trapp refused three times to enter the Nazi Navy and singing with his family on Führer&#39;s birthday in the near Berchtesgaden.
 The entire family fled on foot in Italy, not in Switzerland, as shown in the film. Then he went to America where they perform as The Trapp Family. From earned money buying property in the state of Vermont in Stowe. There, 30th svibnja 1947. The dying captain corvettes, the most decorated submarine officer in World War I, lung cancer and many of his comrades, because at that time the submarine isparavale many poisonous gases. On my dying bed was surrounded by family that he sang. He was buried on the family farm in Vermont. His father, August Ritter von Trapp and his mother Hedwig Wepler lie side by side on the Naval cemetery in Pula (Pola KuK Marinefriedhof). The cemetery is located in an area called Stoja. Go there. The cemetery is well kept, cypress soothe and your heart will be moved by numerous inscriptions. Georgov father died already 1884th of typhoid fever and the mother of modest pensions alone raised George, his older brother and sister.
 On her grave I laid a rose that I received that day in Rijeka on Valentine&#39;s Day when I climbed the stairs to witness the launching. The woman raised a son who was an honorable man, and it is great work. On a gentle hill cemetery, calming silence that has transcended the hectic pace of everyday life such haste that they do not take account of the final sunset. On the way back to town you will pass the white ii inexorable building of the church of Our Lady of the Navy, which has overshadowed as it wants more. There once stood the Emperor Franz Joseph I, that I ordered a mass for the dead from the family von Trapp. Tags: Quote this article on your site To create link towards this article on your website, copy and paste the text below in your page. The story about the family von Trapp07.03.2010. Every year in the world to produce a large number of films. And yet each of us can be on the fingers of one hand count those who are changing our lives in. .. Croatian Historical Portal Preview: The story of the von Trapp family 07.03.2010.
 Every year in the world to produce a large number of films. And yet each of us can be on the fingers of one hand count those who are changing our lives in. .. Croatian Historical Portal Powered by QuoteThis © 2008 Hits: 1397 Comments (2) Show / Hide comments ... written by Igor, 13.03.2010. - 20:09:19 Great story about von Trappovima. And as I normally would in Pola, now I&#39;ve learned a few new facts about my town. How to get to the tomb Trappovih at Navy cemetery? ... wrote a clear, 18.03.2010. - 18:43:41 Film: &quot;My Sound of Music&quot; is one of my best musical movies! And this is a very interesting story about this family. Of course I did not have a clue about their relationship with Istria. Just seems to me that the image is wrong house, because it is not a fairy (or its remains), but zapustena tenement buildings. I do not see this 2 storey loft, a turret or arched window frames ....!? Must have been some mistake.
 Post Comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 