Nineteen years after the tragedy of Vukovar and the crimes at Ovcara a Serbian president arrived in the city-hero, donated to the victims and spoke words of apology. In Vukovar, Boris Tadic welcomed the Croatian president Ivo Josipovic, and later joined them and the Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor. Here are the news as the main transmitting all the media in the region, but also the world&#39;s leading agencies. After Ovcara, meetings with associations of victims of the Homeland War, the Serbian minority, the president together with Croatian President Josipovic laid a wreath in Paulin Dvor. Tadic in Belgrade also issued 25 documents looted from the Vukovar hospital 1991st year, which could help in searching for the missing. Reactions to the visit of Serbian President I am here today to bow to the victims and my intention is to pay their respects. Here I was, giving the victims, once again, the word apology, to express regret and create the possibility that Serbia and Croatia to turn a new page of history.
 He said that Serbian President Tadic in Ovcara, the symbol of the suffering of the Croatian people in the war. My desire is to create the possibility that Serbia and Croatia to turn a new page in history, to create opportunities for our children to be relieved of its burden to establish a policy of good neighborliness and cooperation, which opens up opportunities to people - a policy that is quite contrary to Policy 90-them, he added Serbia&#39;s president. We arrived in Vukovar and the Ovcara to bow to the victims and express our condolences to the families, but also to show that no crime will go unpunished, said the president at University of. We came to show how it is possible a different policy - a policy of peace, he said the Croatian president, saying he wanted to today&#39;s event is a new impetus to finding the missing, respect for all victims and turning a new page in relations between the two countries. Tadic was the first president of Serbia who came to pay tribute to the victims in Ovcara - a place where members of the Yugoslav Army and Serbian paramilitary units 20th
 November 1991. killed 200 civilians and soldiers, most patients from the Vukovar hospital. Presidents have passed, in the presence of honorary battalion HV, wreaths on the memorial Croatian victims. Wreaths carry identical content: innocent victims. Exasperated mothers Tadic turned back at the memorial in Ovcara gathered 50-odd people who protested with lighted candles and prayers. It is about women and mothers of Vukovar Lovas and Sotin, and soldiers and war veterans. They point out that you do not oppose the visit by nobody, regret, but to seek the truth about all the victims, especially about the missing. While presidents laid wreaths, embittered mothers have turned their backs. On the way to Ovcara, near Vukovar water tower, the President welcomed the peaceful protest hundred members of the HSP. They carried banners which, among other things, said Pardon not enough, You&#39;re not welcome, why informal, excuses, and no regrets.
 I Kosor - Tadic-face two presidents were then returned to Vukovar. The palace Sirmium greeted them Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor. After a brief conversation in private Kosor - Tadic joined them and Josipovic. Prime Minister together with the two presidents later met with representatives of victims of war - members of the Union of Associations of detained and missing persons from the war, the Association of Mothers of Vukovar and the war and the current director of the Vukovar General Hospital Vesna Bosanac. Kosor said after the meeting assessed that Tadic&#39;s visit is an important moment in relations between the two countries and how those visiting the relations between the Croatian and Serbian opens a new book. With pleasure I welcome everything that is Serbian President Boris Tadic said in reply to Ovcara and it gave victims of Croatian soldiers and civilians of Vukovar, said Kosor. She expressed satisfaction that Croatia has recovered part of the documentation was taken from the Vukovar hospital 1991st, which, according to her, he devoted most of a meeting with the associations of suffering.
 Asked to comment on the departure of President Tadic in Paulin Dvor, said that the two presidents agreed on and that she had no comment on anything here. She stressed that each victim of the victim and that every sacrifice should be given respect. Meeting with representatives of the Serbian minority presidents Josipovic and Tadic and Prime Minister Kosor met in Vukovar to Serbian political representatives of national minorities and representatives of families of Croatian citizens of Serbian nationality who are still searching for their loved ones. We are committed to that Croats in Serbia have all the rights, and I will always fight for the rights of Serbs living in Croatia. It is a matter of political principle, common values and European values, &quot;Tadic said, adding that it is the only possible approach if we want to talk about reconciliation and a common future in Southeast Europe. Josipovic President told reporters that the meeting confirmed the human and political position that any crime crime and every crime should be condemned no matter who it is committed and over whom.
 The Prime Minister said that government was doing everything he could to find a worthy and buried the remains of people of Serbian nationality, disappeared during the Action Flash and Storm. Kosor stated that the list of missing the Flash and Storm 835 people. According to her, talked about the imminent return of refugees and maintaining donor conference. Serbian President left Croatia in Serbian President Boris Tadic tonight from the ferry port of Vukovar&#39;s Dove, which was arrived, he left Croatia. From Vukovar port escorted by President Ivo Josipovic, Prefect of Vukovar-Srijem Bozo Galic and Vukovar mayor Zeljko Sabo. Tadic&#39;s visit was marked by visiting the highest risk. More than a thousand police officers and secret agents took care that everything goes as it should. The visit was followed by 40-odd media from the region with about 200 reporters and cameramen.
 