Cities that are in the proposal referred to as Euro hosts matches 2020th in Slovenia, Italy and Croatia? Three members of the Slovenian Social Democrats Dejan Levani훾, Luka and Yuri Frange탑 Slovenian Matevz the public dressed in jerseys of Slovenian national team presented their idea to three neighboring countries together to submit candidacy for the continental soccer festival to be held for ten years, the idea that we encountered in the mixed reactions. While each plan would be eagerly embraced, as something that would come with the Slovenians finally agreed to the first, second after the damage to the joint candidature of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and in the second round with Hungary for Euro 2012. and cold blow. President of the Croatian Football Association Vlatko Markovic said that the idea that almost nothing is known. Therefore, it warns. - First we must consider how it is launched from distrustful of sources, and the other important thing is that my colleague and good friend of the president of the Football Association of Slovenia (author&#39;s note
 Ivan Simic) knows how much and I! You probably know as much as others who should know all about it. The third important thing is that from Slovenia in the last five to six years originated many similar ideas and from them there was nothing - is the cynical idea that yesterday was Markovic. According to the idea which is yet to come before the Slovenian Parliament, the Euro would be played at eight stadiums in northern Italy, Slovenia and the Croatian in the Alps-Adriatic region. In Italy, the host cities would have been Padova (Euganeo stadium capacity 32,500 spectators), Trieste (Italy Nereo Rocco, 28 500) and Udine (Friuli, 41 600), Slovenia in Maribor and Ljubljana, and what we are all most interested in Croatia Zagreb (Maksimir, 40,000 ), Rijeka (Rujevica, 34.000) and Split (Poljud, 35,000). Of course, unless a new stadium in Rijeka Poljud Maksimir and would have experience and thorough reconstruction. In Slovenia, Maribor to Human Garden (16,000) and Ljubljana Sto탑ice (12,000) had to increase capacity to 25,000 spectators.
 Asked about seems to be a big financial bite Slovenians had a ready answer. - Portugal is to organize Euro 2004th he made seven new stadiums and three is renewed. Latest Euro 2008. passed the 250 million euro profit! - Frange탑 said. It is a great while and asked where I played the first game tournament, where the finals, because it is necessary for the larger capacity stadiums. It would be logical that the final match played in Italy in Udine, but given the unusual three hosts (now the Euro organized by two of them: Belgium and the Netherlands, Austria and Switzerland, Ukraine and Poland) it is impossible to satisfy all appetites. Opening the Maksimir? - Candidature Slovenian, Croatian and Italian is more realistic than the common nomination of Romania and Bulgaria, and Slovakia and the Czech Republic - said Yuri. The entire project must be amenovati governments of three countries in the global financial situation, which the government now, it&#39;s hard to be sympathetic to such a thing.
 - From idea, to the realization of such ideas, even if only a nomination, much of the work. Illusory about it at this point at all to talk, we can only chatter - explained Markovic. This idea has surprised the public just a week after the German &quot;Deutsche Welle&quot; announced the possibility of a joint candidacy Croatian, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia for the same competition. After the collapse of the running for Euro 2012. Union leaders do not want our throats again in strawberries. - It has been and gone. The organization of a new competition at this point, we did not talk, let alone seriously - said the president of HNS and Markovic. FRANE Vulas
 