Non-compliance in determining the insurance indemnity in various courts in Croatia has so far caused many injustices injured. The initiators of new medical charts for the staggering damages support the thesis that they will equalize the jurisprudence, but at the same time there is a fear that it will reduce the rights of injured parties to recover damages. 36 000 Lawsuit &quot;injured no longer be subjected to manipulation interest groups who are not in his interest to restore order. The more discussion and evidence, to have higher expenses, and time consuming process,&quot; said Darinko Ivkovic, board member and executive director for the damage Euroherc insurance. That the rights of the insured will be higher, especially the right to a transparent manner are familiar with the satisfaction that money can be expected, says Andrew Kumanović, administrative assistant for damages and insurance and legal matters to UNIQA. &quot;Tables can not reduce, but not to increase victims&#39; rights to fair remuneration non-pecuniary damage.
 The amounts of compensation are not subject to the table. Experts believe that the Supreme Court should adopt the new criteria, which would contribute to greater legal certainty, order and reduce unnecessary disputes, &quot;they say in Croatia Insurance, reminding that are currently in the courts takes 36 000 lawsuits related to motor vehicle insurance. With this is thesis and agree Graweu where stress that clear criteria should lead to more settlements, because the parties concerned knew what to expect. However, caution and a very important news. &quot;The fact is that the percentage of permanent functional deficits observed in relation a person who would theoretically be fully functionally limited, &quot;says Irhad Meheljić, head of the department for processing and liquidation of damages in Graweu. speak the language of the profession, but in translation it means to be 100-percent disability to be reserved only for fully disabled. Recognizes and that in making the proposal did not participate in wider circles, especially the lawyers who represent the interests of injured parties, trade unions and judges.
 Turn left out &quot;with them to the table gained more weight and represent a compromise for all stakeholders. Before being included, believe that it will not be accepted,&quot; he concluded. So far, the experts used a variety of tables and Approximate criteria for the determination of just compensation of the Supreme Court in 2002. year were not adjusted to change the Law of Obligations Act in 2006. year. &quot;It is incomprehensible that after nearly five years of the new COA, the methodology of the findings and opinions of expert witnesses is not adapted to changes in the concept of non-pecuniary damages,&quot; says Meheljić. New plates are made members of the Committee for the judicial opinions of the Medical Faculty, forensic experts and representatives of working groups for motor vehicles and HUO, modeled on the European indicative of the table. The consequences of introducing new tables 1 More settlement of disputes and ensuring that victims are kept for the determination of just compensation.
 The injured will have clearer criteria and be able to verify the transparency of offers homeowners insurance, which saves time and reduces troškovedbi disputes damaged and insurance. 2nd Consistency in assessing the injuries to the victim lives and lifestyle changes, regardless of who pays the damages. So far, among some courts there is an enormous difference in determining compensation for the infringement osobnostist in evaluating injuries to life. 3rd Harder to 100-percent disability. In addition, altered the concept of non-pecuniary damages, so the current legislation protecting the rights of personality, the right to life, physical and mental health. That was not before
 