President of the Republic of Serbian (RS) Milorad Dodik said in a Belgrade newspaper Sunday that the presidents of Serbia and the Croatian Ivo Josipovic Boris Tadic and his political influence in the region brought new optimism and new hope. Dodik said in an interview with the media pointed out that the good relations between Croatian and Serbian prerequisite for stability of the region, including Bosnia and Herzegovina. &quot;For us, peace and stability have no alternative. In this sense we can only welcome and support the President and President Tadic Josipovic, and all efforts are to normalize relations in the region,&quot; said Dodik. Speaking of profound frustration about the political situation in BiH, said that the re-election for the Croatian Zeljko Komsic the BiH Presidency member voices Bosnians, the Croats in Bosnia only deepened the already existing frustration. On the claim that journalists are all present in joint coalition authorities in BiH were mathematical and asked if there looks to build a coalition program, Dodik answered that it is difficult to imagine a situation in which BiH, deeply divided in every sense, has gathered the necessary number of parties in the so-called .
 programmatic coalition, as is supposed in Sarajevo, and how he envisions the international community. &quot;If you have a Bosniak political parties that seek to centralize and Unitarian countries, on the one hand, and say Serbian advocating for a decentralized state union, with autonomy, which has the RS by the Dayton peace agreement, which would be able to program only representatives of these two people together in so. programmatic coalition &quot;, Dodik asked. &quot;When we add the third and representatives (Croatian) nation, which has quite a few frustrated with their position in the Federation, then your question touches upon almost impossible,&quot; said RS president, adding to the common level should arrange to spend what is not debatable none of the three constituent peoples. Art Nouveau because of the high representative, commenting on the recently presented research Gallup Institute, which has made 88 percent of citizens of the RS for its secession from Bosnia, Dodik assessed that the reasons for that decision which the High Representative, as he says, contrary to international law and against the will of the RS, the amended DPA .
 The results of the research, he adds, can be interpreted as a response to the Serbian people increasingly pressures to amend the Constitution, or the position of RS, which has received the Dayton Accords. &quot;There is no autonomy in a world which is itself revoked or razvlastila. Why would they agree to Serbian Republic&quot;, said Dodik. rtvslon
 