Germany &#39;city of Essen and the Ruhr area, Pécs in Hungary and Turkey, are becoming these days, &quot;European Capital of Culture 2010&quot; in March in Brussels will be marked with the 25-anniversary of these prestigious titles, which includes organizing of numerous music, theater, dance, film and literary events, and cities that get it made a huge publicity and tourism revenue. Program &quot;European Capital of Culture 2010&quot; in Essen and rurskoj area will officially begin ninth January, with a live broadcast on television, Germany, a day later and Pécs will officially become the &quot;European Capital of Culture 2010&quot;, until the program begins in Istanbul on 16th January. Hungarians have prepared a varied program in public spaces throughout the city, including a carnival and theater performances, interactive walls and projections at different locations, visual spectacles ... In Istanbul, also announced numerous events - exhibitions of visual arts, educational programs, symposia, literary and musical evenings ...
 On the occasion of 25-anniversary of the first proclamation of &quot;European Capital of Culture&quot; 1985th year, when he received the status of Athens, the European Commission to 23rd and 24 March to host the ceremony marking the anniversary and strategic conference where the results will be discussed in the past two and a half decades. The conference will be opened by European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and former French Culture Minister Jacques Lang, one of the originators of the idea of &quot;European capitals of culture&quot; with the late Melina Mercouri, Greek actress and former the Minister of Culture. Strategic Conference will be held on 24 March, and is open for both past and present &quot;European capital of culture, and future candidates, it was announced on the website of the European Commission. It was announced that it will in 2010. The new procedure be established for the selection of the future &quot;European Capital of Culture&quot;, by which time it will take home the prestigious title of the 2011th
 The cities of Turku in Finland and Tallinn in Estonia, in 2012. Gimaraeš in Portugal, and Maribor in Slovenia. Marseille in France and Kosice in Slovakia will be the &quot;European capital of culture&quot; 2013th year. European Union Council of Ministers nominated by the two cities every year for the title &quot;European Capital of Culture&quot;, and this year it was exceptionally three. Choice implies a strict procedure on the basis of criteria relating to the European dimension of the planned events, which should reflect European cultural richness and diversity, as well as citizens&#39; participation in these programs. Website of the European Commission is http://ec.europa.eu, and this year&#39;s &quot;Capital of Culture&quot; - the Essenes - www.essen-fuer-das-ruhrgebiet.ruhr2010.de, Pécs - http://en.pecs2010.hu and Istanbul - www.en.istanbul2010.org (SEEcult.org)
 