Exit out - said the 42-year-old cleaning lady Tvrtko Sokler few minutes before, around 16:25 hours, activated a hand grenade at his workplace in the office of the Croatian Government Kostajnica. After he drove a cleaning, locked up the building, and soon heard the explosion, at the invitation of friends and the police who soon arrived, quietly left the building. Police immediately arrested him. Tvrtko Sokler president of the SDP and the Croatian leader Kostajnica and administrative office in the city administration, and this act is decided, apparently because his wife, who works with him in office, before the dismissal, ie, does the notice period, and it abolished the sickness that has gone this summer. - Yet this summer by the City Council decided to terminate her position because we have no money in the budget. It makes no sense that the two works in the administrative office. City finances are in very poor condition, we have no recourse, cipelarine, Councillors have no fees and we still had to save because the money for 14 employees simply do not have in the city.
 Tvrtko and his entire family have suffered a lot in this war, but problems can not be resolved in this way - the mayor said Croatian Tomislav Kostajnice Paunovic, which at the time of the explosion was in a nearby park. Sokler bomb was detonated outside the working hours of the Government, the building is entered ten minutes after closing, and apparently did not want anyone hurt because the building was empty, a cleaning lady who at the time only found there, was chased. Although she initially refused to leave because he was told that she must be cleaned, changed her mind after her companies have a hand grenade in his hands. Longtime President of Croatian Association of Volunteers and veteran Croatian Kostajnica, and his entire family until the last days before the occupation remained in that place and everyone involved in the breakdown in the autumn of 1991. year. City organization SDP took this year, but until then it was led by his father.
 According to unofficial information, police officers are pretraživši his office in the building of the Government, they found several hand grenades in the bag. After his arrest and detention at the police station Croatia Kostajnica Tvrtko Sokler will further criminal investigation will be brought in Sisak.
 