- We will investigate the illegal trade of weapons to Croatia and the involvement of Vladimir Zagorec in all of this because to have a lot of classified documents that states and the role of Franjo Tudjman, and at least a dozen politicians and members of the Croatian and Austrian governments. These documents will be explored, and the investigation will be made public. Our job is not to interfere in Croatian politics than to discover the role of Austrian politicians and Austrian companies in illegal activities, said Peter Pilz. - After Wolgang Kulterer expect next week in Austria to be new arrests related to Hypo affair, &quot;said Rolf Holub, president of Corinthian parliamentary commission of inquiry on the affair Hypo. He said he recently spoke with the new director of Hypo Bank in Croatia, who said that everything will be clarified in relation Affairs Hypo Bank, and said that he Istria County Prefect Ivan Jakovcic promised that all information that is present regardless who they are.
 Rolf Holub said he was officially invited John Jakovčić in Vienna to testify about the affairs of the bank in Istria and thus help the investigation. Rolf Holub and Peter Pilz told that the investigation into the scandal in the Austrian parliament Hypo start for six months. - We are concerned that the 8 billion euro loan to Hypo Bank were outstanding in 12 countries. In Croatia it comes to several hundred million outstanding loan from Hypo Bank. The next time, Austria, on the other hand, Hypo Bank need to provide for the recovery of around one billion euros. This is a bank which was worth 3.2 billion euros and sold for one euro. Therefore, we seek to do by politicians and bankers in all countries where the Hypo bank operated, and we are interested in and whether the bank is financed by a political party. It would be good and Croatia set up a committee to deal with the investigation affairs Hypo Bank in Croatia and the Croatian people who were involved in it, &quot;said Rolf Holub.
 Peter Pilz member of the Austrian parliament, also a member of the National Security Council said that the investigation conducted in several areas, and is one of the illegal sale of weapons to Croatia in the early years 90.tih why will explore accounts of Vladimir Zagorec in Austria, and studied and robbing the Istrian land which was done by Austrian and Croatian speculators, and the answer to that question is in fact looted money Hypo Bank. - We are interested in about 2 billion euros, which were lying on the secret bank accounts in Austria. This money is returned over the Hypo Bank in Croatia so that it purchased the land. We have several cases investigated, and the prefect Jakovčić told us, for example, that it was the machinations of the plot in Dragonera, Pilz said, adding that similar machinations, buying cheap land and then converting the land price inflation worked in Savudrija where Skipper built residences.
 He said that every politician in the area where they are and the machinations of the land for the purpose should know what it is, and that bagatelno sells or buys the land much more valuable. Pilz said that the scandal about the sale of land Dragonere Jorge Haider was involved but that the key person for these jobs and the machinations was Detlev Neudeck, who was treasurer of Haider&#39;s Freedom Party, and he helped an Austrian lawyer. - The machinations of the plot in Dragonera worked for another person, and we want to investigate whether it was or another Haider Austrian politician Peter Pilz said, adding that the affair Dragonera najškakljivijihvezano one of the Austrian politicians. Pilz said that in Istria get new useful documents to be translated and checked, and they have already reported on the Justice Department in Austria. - Check possible investment of our customers, and all signs lead to Haiderovoj Freedom Party, said Pilz and explained that the politicians are working against the interests of the state in these suspicious activities benefited.
 He said that the need to investigate the role of the former prefect Steve Žufić Dragonera the scandal and announced soon and a meeting with Ivic Pasalic whose property now and the end Vodnjana visited.
 