Bad Gastein is located in the biggest ski region in Austria - Ski Amade in Salzburg province. Besides being an outstanding ski center, thanks to Bad Gastein thermal springs, one of the most famous spa towns in Austria. It is located at 1083 m altitude. Hundred year old tradition of this region, since the time of imperial Austria, has left its traces in the layout of houses and hotels, but also in the tourist industry - as rich in winter and summer. We recommend the following hotels in Bad Gastein in: IMPORTANT: Hotels that we recommend are very good. Each hotel offers wireless internet and special storage areas for ski equipment. All reservations are free and are made through booking.com, the largest European provider of hotel accommodation. Even the cancellation of the reserved accommodation for free (if completed on time, in accordance with the policy of each hotel). With all these benefits, booking.com guarantees you the lowest price which at the time of booking can be found on the Internet for the selected hotel.
 Payment is made directly to the hotel, a credit card when booking online is used only as a guarantee that you will appear at the appointed time at the hotel. All servers through which the booking is made extremely secure and your personal details are fully protected. Prices depending on season and occupancy that can be extremely varied. To avoid misunderstandings we have deliberately omitted the category of &quot;price of ...&quot;, because it mainly provides information on prices, which is very difficult to find. For exact and final price enter the dates of your trip. Very good 8.4 &quot;Great location!&quot; Average rating 66 comments Solitude Hotel Kaiser-Franz-Josef-Straße 5, Bad Gastein • This elegant deluxe hotel with 4 stars located in the center of Bad Gaštajna. Solitude Hotel offers an indoor pool and free transportation from / to railway station. Rooms have either a balcony and overlook the park or have a large window with a panoramic view over the valley.
 Amenities include cable television, minibar, free safe, bathroom with hair dryer, mirror ... for information and reservations, Glossy, 8.8 Average rating 31 comments Hotel Miramonte Reitlpromenade 3, Bad Gastein The newly opened 4-star Hotel Miramonte enjoys a fantastic location in the sunniest spot in Bad Gastein. A new hotel concept in a building with history and tradition, the Miramonte combines charming retro chic with modern design elements and fresh ideas. During the day the lobby, bar and restaurant form a trendy lounge and turn into a hangout and vibrating ... Good information and reservations, 7.8 Average rating 42 comments Das Hotel Regina Karl-Heinrich-Waggerl-Str. 5, Bad Gastein • A newly opened hotel Das Regina&#39;s trendy boutique hotel in the center of Bad Gaštajna, only 2 minutes walk from the casino and the falls. Das Regina offers individually designed rooms with bathrooms in traditional retro style. Most rooms have a balcony or terrace offering a panoramic view of the surrounding mountains.
 Spa Centre includes a sauna, steam bath, Jacuzzi, thermal pools and pros ... Excellent information and reservations, 9.1 Average rating 18 comments Hoteldorf Kötschachtal 25 Grüner Baum, Bad Gastein • This hotel is a member of &quot;Small Luxury Hotels of the World&quot; and is located on the sensational location on the edge of National Park Hohe Tauern. Hoteldorf Grüner Baum offers a well-known Austrian hospitality, excellent service, indoor pool with thermal water, sauna and steam room and spa Shiseido, with different kinds of therapeutic and relaxing treatments. ... Information and reservations, very good, 8.3 average grade 73 comments Mondi Holiday Bellevue Hotel Karl-Heinrich-Waggerl-Straße 9, Bad Gastein • Hotel Mondi Holiday Bellevue stands out in the magnificent landscape of the town of Bad Gastein, evoking the grandeur Belle Époque period and time of the Habsburg Empire . In addition to comfortable nameštenih suites, the hotel offers a wide range of opportunities for relaxation, including a bowling alley, sauna and swimming pool.
 Medical treatments, therapies and massages are also offered. The combination of first class .... Excellent information and reservations, 9 Average rating 49 comments Villa Excelsior Hotel &amp; Kurhaus Reitlstraße 20/Kaiser-Wilhelm-Promenade, • Bad Gastein Villa Excelsior Hotel &amp; Kurhaus is located in an absolutely quiet and sunny location at the famous Kaiser Wilhelm Promenade, Bad Gaštajnu. Built 1897th year and once the residence of Sigmund Freud, this villa is now meeting place of artists, actors, writers and guests from around the world. Villa Excelsior captivating original details and spirit of the past. Her beautiful lo ... information and reservations, very good, 8.2 average grade 29 comments Landhaus St. Georg Bad Gastein Gasteiner Bundesstr. 9, Bad Gastein • These spacious and comfortable apartments with views of the mountains are located in the center of Bad Gaštajna, only a few steps from the casinos, golf courses and numerous pubs and restaurants.
 Landhaus St. Georg has a garden with terrace and large lawn for sunbathing. All apartments have a sunny balcony with beautiful views of the surrounding mountains. Bedding, towels and kitchen utensils to r ... Excellent information and reservations, 9 Average rating 21 comments Hotel Europäischer Hof Miesbichlstraße 20, Bad Gastein • Hotel Europäischer Hof, elegantly furnished and friendly atmosphere, ideal for a wonderful and relaxing holiday in the famous mountain spa Bad Gaštajn resort. Relax in the spa with large pool and a beautiful sauna and enjoy the many sporting facilities in summer and winter, both for the young and the elderly. Rooms are pro ... information and reservations, very good, 8.2 average grade 21 comments Cordial Sanotel Bad Gastein Conrad-Strochner-p.2, Bad Gastein • Cordial Sanotel located exactly on the famous Gaštajnskoj cascade. Elegant and comfortable living environment, nutritious and healthy food combined with a wide range of wellness and beauty treatments, make this hotel a 4 star excellent.
 Here you can enjoy the best possible revitalization and relaxation. The main building and adjacent buildings, &quot;Apartment-Residence &amp; quo ... information and reservations, very good, 8.3 average grade 17 comments Pension Frohsinn König-Carol-Weg 4, Bad Gastein • Built at the beginning of the 20th century and completely renovated in 2007, Pension Frohsinn is a small family hotel located on a beautiful hillside in Bad Gastein. Frohsinn Pension offers cozy rooms and newly furnished apartments with balconies, all of which afford beautiful views over the Gastein valley. In the vicinity of the hotel, there are many slow .... Information Reservations and Outstanding, 9.1 Average rating 44 comments Villa Solitude Kaiser-Franz-Josef-Str. 16, Bad Gastein • Show map dating back to 1838, Villa Solitude is located next to the casino in the heart of Bad Gastein. It offers Elegantly furnished accommodation with wooden floors and antique furniture.
 The villa offers breathtaking views of the waterfall and the skyline of Bad Gastein.Situated at 1.000 meters above sea level in the midst of the Hohe Tauern National Park, Bad ... information and reservations, very good, 8.1 average grade 48 comments Hotel Simader Schareckstraße 14, Bad Gastein • Surrounded predivinim Hoe Tauern mountain range, Simader hotel is located in a quiet location near the center of Bad Gaštajna. Stubnerkogel lift is located just 500 meters, as well as the thermal spa Felsentherme, city center and railway station. Comfortably furnished rooms with balcony, a cozy dining rooms (non-smoking restaurant), a library with access to information and reservation ... Excellent, 9.4 grade average 21 comments Landhaus Gletschermühle Gletschermühlstr. 7, Bad Gastein Hotel Landhaus • Gletschermühle offers a warm and comfortable atmosphere on a sunny and peaceful location in Bad Gaštajnu, surrounded by amazing nature, mountains Hohe Tauern.
 We offer comfortable rooms with beautiful views of the mountains from the sunny balcony. A rich breakfast buffet in the hall of wood will make the morning wake up with pleasure. You only need 4 minutes of ho ... information and reservations, very good, 8.3 average grade 73 comments Euro Youth Hotel and Krone Bahnhofplatz 8, Bad Gastein • Euro Youth Hotel and Krone, with a long tradition that dates back to the 1880th , is located in an ideal location in Bad Gaštajnu and looking for a ropeway Stubnerkogel. Located in the heart of the Austrian Alps, the Euro Youth Hotel &amp; Kron is only 50 meters from the spa town Felsentherme and 150 meters from the railway station. Enjoy a relaxed international atmosphere ov ... Excellent information and reservations, 9.3 Average rating 52 comments Pension St.Leonhard Pyrkershöhenstr. 9, Bad Gastein • Located in the heart of Bad Gastein, surrounded by a panorama of the Hohe Tauern mountains, the Pension St.
 Leonhard offers free Wi-Fi, free parking and a breakfast buffet. The Felsenbad Spa and the cable cars leading into the skiing area of Bad Gastein are only 100 meters from the Pension St. Leonhard. The next golf course is 1.2 km away. The town center information and reservations ...
 