&quot;The whole case began during the time of Croatian independence, when under Franjo Tudjman were transferred two billion euros in foreign countries,&quot; said Pilz, who called on the Croatian knowledge of SOA. Tudjman was in that series was called. delegates, the people you trust who have opened accounts. With this in several Austrian banks open accounts &quot;funded the purchase of weapons, played a key role is now detained, General Vladimir Zagorec, while other delegates were now known to former and current politicians and businessmen. After the war, the HDZ will need to decide what to do with money. &quot;It was decided that the money will return to the Croatian budget, but transferred to secret accounts and re-invest in the country,&quot; said Pilz and explained the further course of events. Since the people in that Tudjman had confidence could hardly act as investors sought the fraudulent investors. At this point in the game entered the Hypo Bank.
 &quot;Tudjman had money, a head of Carinthia, Jörg Haider had a bank,&quot; said Pilz, and explained that the domestic and foreign investors bought a fake cheap land, for example in the Istria, which was &quot;miraculously rearranged in the building.&quot; &quot;There is suspicion of bribing politicians,&quot; said Pilz, adding that Haider&#39;s party members may have been involved in bribery. In the next phase, &quot;these lands were given inflated loans Hypa, worth hundreds of millions of euros, which generally were not economically justified.&quot; The question is why the Bank without adequate guarantees and loans issued to all who benefited, &quot;and it is suspected that managers, politicians and business partners of the bank &quot;knowingly empty bank accounts,&quot; said Pilz. Croatian and German secret service had been since 2002. onwards found a large number of bad loans. &quot;From this time dates doubt that Hypo was the center of money laundering &quot;said Pilz.
 Since all governments were informed of this, the question is why the Bavarian state bank Hypo BLB ever bought. &quot;It is unusual that Bavarian Prime Minister Edmund Stoiber personally intervened and pressured the Croatian central bank to approve sale of the Croatian part Hypa Bavarians. Why do I behave?&quot; He asks at the end Pilz.
 