Today Archives has the following archive units: 1 Fund Serb National Council - the majority of records created since 1997. years and is committed to the Archive immediately after its establishment. SNV is the creator of the material. 2nd Personal Fund Vojin Bakic - The funds are: 1 documents relating to the life and work Vojin Bakic and his family; 2 private correspondence and communications, 3rd recognition of the Croatian Association of Artists; 4 his sketches; 5th various photos. The material was donated to the Archives of Serbs in Croatia, Mr Dušan Matić. 3rd A collection of selected documents of the Serbian Democratic Forum - The original material is located in the Serbian Democratic Forum, and make copies of selected documents A collection of selected SDF. The collection also includes: 1 Documents on the establishment of the Serbian Democratic Forum, 2nd Documents on the meetings; third Documents on human rights violations. Material may be published only with permission. 4th A collection of selected documents of the Joint Council of Municipalities - The Collection contains: 1
 Documents on the registration of the Independent Serbian Party; 2 Statutes ZVO; third SDSS program; 4 minutes of the session; 5th letters and suggestions. The original material is located in the Joint Council of Municipalities in Vukovar. 5th Collection of material relating AGAIN on the Serbs in Croatia - The collection also includes documents on the Serbian seizure of property during the NDH. The original material is in the Croatian State Archive. 6th Collection ZKRZ records relating to the Serbs in Croatia - The material is formed between the 1944th and 1947. The work of the National Commission for the Investigation of the Crimes occupiers and their supporters. It is a collection of some kind of investigative documents containing the following materials: 1 documents about war crimes and criminals; 2 Decision on determining the crime with evidence; third documents on the preparation of the files of victims and criminals. The original material is in the Croatian State Archive. 7th MUP NDH collection records related to the Serbs in Croatia - The material is formed between the 1941st
 and 1945. , contains the following documents: 1 documents on the Serbian seizure of property; 2 documents about the dismissal from work; third documents prekrštavanju Serbs; 4 Permits for movement - passes; 5th documents on the killings and arrests; 6 documents on resettlement. The collection mainly comprises documents classified according to organizational units: the files and cabinet office minister, the office of Assistant Minister, Directorate General for Internal Administration, the General Directorate of public order ..., but also a greater amount of personal writings. The original records are kept in the Croatian State Archive. 8th Fund of selected documents of Serbian Association - The material is formed between the 1997th and 1999. , contains the following documents: 1 registration documents of Serbian Alliance, 2nd Statutes, 3rd press releases. 9th A collection of selected documents of the Croatian History Museum - The material originated in the 19th
 and 20 century, and includes copies of documents from the Museum of Serbs in Croatia and the Serbian Orthodox Church. The original material is located in the Croatian Historical Museum. 10th Fund of selected documents SKD education (Editorial) - The material is formed by 90-year renewal of SCA Education and contains the following documents: 1 work programs; 2 reports on activities; third chronology of the establishment of subcommittees; 4 scientific projects. 11th Hemeroteka Fund - The Fund are articles from magazines, weekly and daily newspapers. The material is formed between the 1970th and 2009. year since 2006. until now, has the entire archive sets. 12th Collection of reprints from the National and University Library - The material is formed between the 1844th and 2007. year, and includes articles on cultural monuments, the Orthodox, Vladan Desnica Savi Mrkalj, Peter Preradovic, and the suffering of Serbs, Jews and Roma. Original materials located at the National and University Library.
 13th A collection of selected documents of State archives Slavonski Brod - The collection contains the following documents: 1 documents of the Serbian Orthodox Church Municipality Slavonski Brod; 2 Documents SCA Prosvjeta subcommittee Branko Radicevic Sl.Brod; third Documents Serbian Krajina area of Western Slavonia - the executive council of the municipality Podravska Slatina; 4 RSK documents - military post 9162 Okučani 1992nd - 1995.; 5th documents RSK Commissioner for Refugees 1992nd - 1995.; Original material is located in the State Archives of Slavonski Brod. 14th A collection of selected documents Gospic State Archives - Collection includes the following documents: 1 documents KK KPH County Lika; 2 documents, the District Board of the National Liberation KNOO; third documents of the Municipal People&#39;s Committee based 1942nd - 45 year; 4 Documents County area Lika 1941st - 45 year, fifth Court documents for the protection of national honor for the County Lika - Gospic 1945th; 6 Application to the Public Prosecutor; 7th
 criminal charges; 8th miscellaneous correspondence; 9th Proceedings of law and order NDH from 1942. year; 10th warrants and notices of cancellation of arrest warrants; 11th Collection of archival materials - a list of monuments of culture in the localities. Original materials located at the National Archives Gospic. 15th A collection of selected documents, National Archives Karlovac - In the collection are: 1 Documents from the time of NDH; 2 various writings, 3rd vintage postcards from the early centuries. 16th A collection of selected documents, National Archives Bjelovar - The Collection contains: 1 Documents on the actions of partisans; 2 chronological list of documents for in 1941. - 1945.; Third Documents on the Christianization of the Serbs; 4 Documents on the persecution of Roma and Jews; 5th Documents on the Orthodox churches and the establishment of Greek Orthodox parishes in places of Orthodox parishes. Original materials located at the National Archives Bjelovar. 17th A collection of selected documents Memorial and Documentation Center War The collection also includes documents from the time of the &quot;Republic of Serbian Krajina&quot;.
 Funds are processed: 1 Ministry of Defence of the RSK, 2nd The main headquarters of RSK, 3rd 9th Corps of the Armed Forces of the SFRY; 4 Staff Western Slavonia; 5th Municipal Assembly Pakrac; 6 Secretariat for Internal Affairs Knin; 7th Government RSK; 8th Secretariat for Internal Affairs Knin; 9th Assembly of the RSK, 10th Municipal Assembly of the Community Northern municipalities; material is formed between the 1990th and 1995. , and the originals are in the memorial and documentation center of the Homeland War. 18th A collection of selected documents SKD Prosvjeta the Croatian State Archives - The material is formed between the 1945th 1974. year. The collection also includes: 1 Documents on the activities of SCA Prosvjeta; 2 instructions for operation of certain subcommittees; third Serbian word; 4 Committee for the Museum &quot;Nikola Tesla&quot;, 5th Committee for the celebration of the Petrova Gora, 6th Committee to celebrate the birth Preradovića. 19th A collection of selected documents, National Archives Sisak - The material is created in the late 19th
 century until 1945. year. The collection also includes selected documents: 1 Collection of material for the determination of war crimes in the area of Sisak and Banovine; 2 Collection documents governance NDH 1941st - 1945.; Third City Hall Sisak 1881st - 1945.; 4 Collection of the Museum of Novska. Original materials located at the National Archives Sisak. 20th A collection of selected documents Archival collection center Petrinja - The material was created between 1991. and 1995. in the collection are documents created on the territory of the &quot;Republic of Serbian Krajina&quot;, which refers to: 1 Municipal Commissioner for Refugees; 2 Republic Institute for Statistics and Information Knin, the regional unit Petrinja, 3rd Ministry of Economic Affairs, Economic Development and Industry RSK; 4 Ministry of Defence of the RSK, 5th Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Water Management; 6 The Municipal Assembly Caprag; 7th Urban Institute cartilage - Technical Division Petrinja; 8th SUP Clay; 9th
 Public Security Station Petrinja; 10th Palace Station public safety; 11th Public Security Station Kostajnica; 12th The Municipal Assembly Kostajnica; 13th The Municipal Assembly Dvor; 14th The Municipal Assembly Clay, 15th The Municipal Assembly Petrinja; 16th 33. Infantry Brigade Dvor na Uni, 17th 31st Petrinja Infantry Brigade, 18th 26th Brigade Kostajnica; 19th Serbian countries Petrinja SDS and 20 Society of Serb refugees Petrinja; 21st SDS Krajina - Municipal Committee Petrinja; 22nd SDS - Municipal Committee of Dvor na Uni, 23rd Frontier Consulting, 24th Serbian Radical Party Petrinja; 25 SDS - Sisak Municipal Committee, 26th Collection of documents RSK; 27th Clay Memorial Museum; original material in the archive collection center Petrinja. 21st A collection of selected documents of the MOJ and worship NDH - The Collection contains documents relating to the Serbian Orthodox church, confiscation of property SPC, prekrštavanju Structure of the Croatian Serbs and the Orthodox Church.
 22nd Fund Serb National Council - Photos - The stock photos are created in various circumstances, such as New Year celebrations, Christmas, Saint Sava, the promotion of books. 23rd Fund Photograph: Enthronement of Bishop Gerasim (July 2004.) - Photos are incurred in the Enthronement of Bishop Gerasim in July 2004. 24th Fund Photograph: Nikola Tesla - The photos were made during Tesla&#39;s life, and after 1945. The photographed the church Sv. Peter and Paul in Smiljan, destroyed in World War II. In the photographs we see Nikola Tesla from his student days to his age, his laboratory, his discoveries, and ruined Orthodox church in her hometown Smiljan. 25th Fund Photograph: Miscellaneous - Photos are made on various occasions. Running events in the SCA education, located at 18th and old photos collected after the &quot;Storm&quot;, August 1995. The majority were a gift from B. Vujasinovic Clays.
 26th Fund Photograph: NOB photographs are made between the 1941st to 2008 - At a recent photo we see the damaged and destroyed a war monument. 27th Fund Radio Danube - The material was created between 1998, when Radio Danube registered, until 2001 the fund is located on the registration documents of the Danube Radio, its activities and broadcasting radio programs. 28th Fund Family Desnica - Material includes inventory Desnica family. 29th Fond of digital media - the Fund includes the following CDs: 1 Orthodox Church in Pozega-Slavonia; 2 Scanned material Centre Patriotic War, 3rd Dvor - Gift Danica Knapp; 4 Old postcards Dvora; 5th Laszowski - pictures of the old fortress; 6 Clay - personality, 7th Ph.D. Philip Škiljan lecture on &quot;Cultural heritage of the Serbs in Croatia&quot;, 8th Kordun; 9th Old pictures Glina region; 10th Pictures from the Serbian history, 11th Eastern Bani, Kostajnica, Sunja; 12th Gorski Kotar, Lika; 13th
 Portraits, individuals; 14th Postcards Dvor, Glina, Dubica; 15th Mali Gradac, 16th Joseph Runjanin; 17th Kordun; 18th Exhibition of Bani; 19th Museum of Serbs in Croatia (Lepavina, iconostasis, Lower Kovačica Rastovac ...) and 20 SNV-establishment; 21st May Assembly, 22nd Photos for the book &quot;10 years of the Serbian National Council&quot;. 30th Fund Committee for Human Rights Karlovac - Fund covers the entire material was made the work of the Committee for Human Rights Krarlovac. 31st SDF Benkovac Fund - The Fund covers the entire material was made the work of the SDF - a subsidiary of Benkovac.
 