The effect is the uncontrolled mass immigration, or immigration is no more disastrous for many countries (Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Belgium, Germany, France for example) in Europe. One of the last examples of the desperate city councilors from Peterborough in England who sent a letter to the leaders of Britain&#39;s leading party, Gordon Brown, David Cameron and Nick Clegg. In a letter written by Hall to clearly reflect the current situation in all public services. So schools, housing, health care, to police protection is no longer in crisis, precisely because city councils are not given the help they sought from the ministry and the government. Councillors continue to write to the communities that had previously lived in peace and harmony now completely transformed. Local schools to strain and struggle to educate children who come from different cultural backgrounds and heritage and speak 27 different languages.
 With the strain of school and health services. Councillors noted that the situation was much different just a few years ago. Parents could decide which school to send their children. There were homeless and there were no problems with the registration at your local doctor general practitioner, who is known to your local police officer and that you can safely walk the streets without fear that someone will not be tempted to walk or talk quietly with your neighbors. Instead, this city is faced with invasions, robberies, looting and quarrels among ethnically diverse neighbors. The streets are prostitutes, pusher and a very large number of people who drive without insurance or paid tolls. The entire system is put into service a state of chaos. The fact is that during the years of Labour rule gave the so-called jobs. economic immigrants. Even 98.5% of 1.67 million new open job positions went to immigrants.
 The figure is a devastating disaster. Jobs they are given just because the labor force primarily from Eastern Europe (in fact leading up to the Poles) are very cheap. And I remember the situation at a company where I worked as a translator. When I came into this business we were only eight in our office. The company has developed over the years. I remember well when the new Eastern and Central European, Baltic States to Slovenia joined the European Union and what happened then. Already since 2005. to 2006. year, the company where I worked received a little first and then a larger number of Poles, of whom at least 97% did not know the English language. All were working generally manual operations. Of them all only one person got a better job while everyone else continued to work the same manual tasks. When you make a little problem they could be replaced with other Poles. No. As the number of immigrants have emerged and the first problem.
 There were the first people who took advantage of the situation and hired the residence and then started to placed in a room to sleep five adults and charge them for the above sums of money. With the Poles appeared to have the first Lithuanians who are otherwise due to some specific historical event does not suffer excessively from the Poles. Started to happen and frequent traffic accidents while drunk, while people are usually vehicles under the wrong side of the road. Along with economic migrants, who are now in recent times frequently Roma (who mistakenly referred to all Romanians because they are Gypsies who come from Romania) in all major cities and a little richer west European countries are trying to move a large number of so-called. &#39;&#39;Political asylum&#39;&#39;from African and Asian countries who do not by any means, but these are mostly people who are illegal immigrants as well as trying all means possible to grab all the benefits offered by Western Europe.
 Countries in which benefits are usually very good Scandinavian countries, Ireland and the United Kingdom. Immigrants know they should not work because the state will provide accommodation that will be paid, and will be paid by the course of learning a language the parent country in which reside. Last year I was in the studios in the city of Aarhus in Denmark and I and I could certainly convince the consequences of immigration. In this city as Copenhagen, home of Hell&#39;&#39;Angels&#39;&#39;at war with the gangs and immigrants already openly in the streets firing a firearm, each other and this in broad daylight. The biggest and the burning issue is precisely this that people who come from Africa and Asia in the vast majority of cases they have almost no respect for the country in which they come, and for the people, culture, tradition and religion which are located in different European countries. Thus, the rapes of Swedish women by immigrants from Africa and Asia, frequent, and assaults on people of immigrant gangs in Sweden.
 Swedish public was shocked by this but it is difficult that they can be put to an end. As I visited you, and I visited India many times I remember that I noticed, heard and is satisfied himself that some people in this country feel about Westerners, and especially women from the west. Basic philosophy is that a woman from the West&#39;&#39;light goods and prostitute&#39;&#39;who are happy to offer everyone. Of course the vast majority of educated people from India do not think so, but people who are moving in some religious sects and various so-called. religious communities that are unfortunately very widespread and the West think about women, by Westerners and very negative. The biggest supporters of such a primitive and retarded persons and groups as New Age movements in the west, which are mostly not interested in their own culture and traditions with them and the extreme left-leaning political groups that are with them as standard, but the snail glue. These individuals and groups generally spend their time hating your own country you were born, while the people who are traditionally oriented, and looking contemptuously called them neo-Nazis and right-wingers and other various names.
 Like some hippie generation and of course they love to cuddle. Only this time instead of hugging trees, illegal immigrants, blowing them a variety of cheap drugs and talking about anarchism. What will happen however with the Croatian in this context? Croatia is how I read and hear has flooded low-cost Chinese products. I read this:&#39;&#39;According to statistics of Chinese Ministry of Commerce, the total value of trade between China and is the first Croatian to 10 months exceeded one billion and 456 million U.S. dollars, which is by 9.3 per cent increase over the same period in 2007. year. China is the volume of trade Croatian seventh trading partner.&#39;&#39;I read that some Croatian politicians have expressed their desire to import cheaper labor from other countries. It is significant that these same politicians do not care the fact that until recently the Croatian diaspora existed a considerable number of people who wanted to return to their home country to invest in it and doing it.
 But as time goes on all the smaller and less likely to be such a thing to happen in a massive form. Croatia, which could and should be one of the leaders and by its geographical position in central Europe and to impose (as a once and Slovenia) to their firm and uncompromising attitude of the diplomatic and its rich culture, heritage and tourism offer today in the eyes of many, even below the level of some countries that are not in Europe. Instead Croatia reconciles with everything she served from European cuisine. While Europe is slowly and surely losing their culture, tradition and heritage under the weight of bad immigration policy due to some local Croatian politicians enters slowly and surely into a new community of South Slavic peoples, which has been generally created in Brussels. Croatia will enter the European Community and it is an undeniable fact, but with that country across Western Europe will open its doors and called Croats to come work for them.
 As in the case of Romania and Bulgaria will work the system by selecting only the fittest. But I have already asked a few times in the two countries, whether the Croats&#39;&#39;rush&#39;&#39;to get a job in Great Britain, Ireland and other countries in Western Europe when they become part of the EU 2012 years? I then replied with pride like this:&#39;&#39;No, I will not. Croats, even though they have poor current economic situation and the bad politicians who persistently choose thinking that they will somehow change, as a rule they prefer and appreciate their healthy food, clear water and coffee in the morning sun, than going to a country where they could more or earn a better living. &#39;&#39;I still believe in that ... AUTHOR: Thor Einar Leichhardt Comments (0) Post Comment You must have a Facebook account and be logged in to post a comment.
 