After a record foreign trade deficit achieved in 2008. year, which exceeded the value of 9.5 billion, the deficit reduction in 2009. year was largely a result of overall reduction of trade caused by the recession, rather than increase our exports and penetration of new markets. Thus, in 2009. was achieved by exporting and importing KM 5,634,418,252 12,032,128,258 of KM, which resulted in a deficit of about 6,397,710,006 KM and coverage of imports by exports of 46.8%. Exports decreased by 17.71%, 24.48% for imports, a deficit of as much as 29.58%, or 2,687,531,933 KM, which resulted in increased imports ratio of 8.96%. However, najrealniju picture of our many years of foreign trade and overall economic position gives the value of the accumulated deficit, which has since 2000. end of 2009. year reached the enormous 63.5 billion. The structure of the sectors of the economy, it is noticeable improvement of the position in most sectors, with much more significant decrease in imports than exports.
 Exports have increased even in the sectors of agricultural industry (9.76%) and mineral fuels (14.41%), and decreased in the range of 6.75% (wood, paper and furniture) to 41.54% (ores, metals and products). At the same time imports declined significantly in all sectors, ranging from 8.33% (agro-industrial sector) to 46.07% (ores, metals and products ....). The largest export was recorded in the sectors &quot;Ores, metals and products ...&quot; (1106527440 KM), &quot;Wood, paper and furniture&quot; (1081022548 KM) and &quot;machinery, apparatus and mechanical appliances, boilers, etc.&quot; (856 414 .143 KM), while imports in sectors &quot;machinery, apparatus and mechanical appliances, boilers, etc.&quot; (2643658644 KM), agro-industrial sector &quot;(2366347003 KM) and&quot; Mineral fuels ... &quot;(1884528590 KM ). A particular problem is that a positive level of import coverage by export was realized only in the sectors, wood, paper and furniture &quot;(155%) and&quot; ores, metals and products ... &quot;(102.78%), while in other sectors was negative and ranged from 69.80% in the sector, &quot;Leather, fur, textile and products ...&quot; do better, but still catastrophic, 19.69% in agricultural sector.
 The main problems have remained low level of production, especially export-competitive, and poor structure of our exports, which is characterized by the export of raw materials and intermediate goods, and less finished - the final product. Only about 55.5% of our exports is called. regular exports, and even 2.39 billion KM is the value of goods exported in the period after the internal processing. Practically, this means creating a very small value and still retain its small part in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The dramatic consequences of the recession in the technologically backward industries with low added value products, as well as above-average resistance and the much milder &quot;fall&quot; in a few highly technological companies confirm the weakness of such a structure of our economy. In 2009. year the total volume of trade is reduced CEFTA 2006 (for 24.08%), but the structure is greatly improved - imports and deficits were reduced, export-import ratio was increased.
 Exports decreased by about 15.72%, 27.99% for imports, which resulted in reducing the deficit by as much as 38.74% and increasing exports / imports ratio to 54.67%. In terms of market structure in which sell our products, visible progress on the &quot;east&quot; markets, which is gradually taking over the primacy of the Croatian, as the largest importer from Bosnia and Herzegovina. Maintaining a high surplus with Montenegro, with a surplus almost doubled in UNMIK / Kosovo, and increasing exports to Albania are a clear indication that improvements to our foreign trade position in this region. Particularly encouraging improvements in agricultural sector, with a total reduction in imports of agricultural and food products by 8.35%, while exports increased by around 9.75%. This positive trend is largely relates to the field of CEFTA 2006, and apart from the influence of the recession in the countries from which imports, caused by the increase in production earlier uvoženih products in our country, now as domestic products reduce imports and increase exports.
 In addition to this stimulus of foreign investment to improve our trade, more and stronger manufacturing and exporting our original domestic manufacturers, which extend the range of products and successfully increase market share. So we have already achieved a significant surplus in trade in milk and dairy products and some meat products and certain types of vegetables, which is still a few years ago was unthinkable. At the same time a noticeable increase in the share of domestic manufacturers in our market, combined with increasing consumer awareness about the importance of using local products, but primarily on their undisputed quality. The inspiration to continue the positive trend and make new investments to increase production and exports of many domestic manufacturers, who are unjustly neglected in relation to foreign investment. Numerous non-tariff barriers that are faced by our exporters, particularly in Serbia and Croatia, are undoubtedly the biggest obstacle to balancing our foreign trade.
 Permanent and complete removal of these barriers is caused by the development of a uniform system of quality infrastructure and the recognition of his competence and equivalence of foreign countries importing our products. This would open markets to us that their quality and now we can win, but it is an equal access to disabled. In the meantime, our only chance for full implementation of CEFTA 2006 and all available &quot;protective&quot; mechanisms in case of excessive imports, dumping or unfair competition. Application of reciprocal measures in case of any undue barriers, in accordance with international agreements and principles of the European Union and World Trade Organization, has proved to be the most efficient means for their removal. It allowed the export of live fish, milk and dairy products, eggs, certain types of meat and meat products, and is expected to solve the problem of exports of certain species of live animals, etc.
 Therefore, the trends and exchange with CEFTA 2006 in 2010. year will largely depend on the outcome of negotiations started on closing the &quot;Agreement / Protocol on Mutual Recognition of reports of accredited conformity assessment bodies&quot;, which link with Serbia and are expected with the Croatian and other members of CEFTA 2006th If the negotiations end successfully and quickly, it is likely significantly improve the structure of trade with CEFTA 2006, because our trade deficit and a disadvantage in relation to the neighbors and is mostly caused by their non-tariff barriers and the excessive openness of our market for imports - that our economy had an equal position and decided that only the quality and competitiveness, the situation has long been able to be much better. One of the most positive change and cause a drastic reduction in the deficit is definitely the start of production of petroleum products and base oil to increase production of motor oils and lubricants to domestic refineries, through which a significant part of the earlier imports of these products has been replaced by importing crude oil for processing and manufacturing.
 At the end of the year has started and growing exports, with a tendency of further increase in the multiple, which will contribute to the investment capacity of marine transport on the Sava River. Achieved standard of quality petroleum products in accordance with the demanding European standards, implying a further increase in participation in domestic consumption and strong export potential, which has been achieved primarily in the markets of neighboring countries and the European Union, which is a key market for the sale of base oils from Modricki refinery. Although the energy sector in the world was faced with a significant reduction in demand caused by lower volume production of large industrial consumers, our electric power industry achieved record export value, and ambitious plans for restructuring and integration of mines within the new group Elektroprivreda BiH, as well as announcements of investments in new production capacity across the Bosnia and Herzegovina could provide long-term increase in exports.
 In the immediate future, however, is certain decrease in the value of exported electricity, due to the downward trend in world market prices, as well as regular overhauls of certain production facilities. Recession is the hardest hit is our strongest asset export - metal industry, due to the global reduction in demand and prices of minerals, metals and auto parts. Reduction of production has already started in late 2008. year, ranging from 25 to 50%, and some production facilities are at times completely obustavljali production. However, in this industry was first started and the &quot;exit&quot; out of the recession (Aluminij), and everything is visible and encouraging a positive trend of continuous increase in production and exports, which will directly depend on further developments in foreign markets. Biggest perspective dedicated to the automobile industry is definitely in the regional networking and cooperation. The biggest current obstacle to the production and export of textile sector and a big load of metal, a change in customs treatment so.
 &quot;Lohn&quot; operations (internal processing), which are the costs of our exporters in these arrangements unbearably magnified. Although many companies held a satisfactory level of production and exports, the sustainability of many of these operations depends on the elimination of this new load. Parliamentary Assembly of Bosnia and Herzegovina will finally solve this problem change the current Customs Tariff by the end of the month. When it comes to exports of services, some local construction companies were able to partially compensate for the loss of domestic market launch of major projects abroad, so the value of contracted projects and the implementation of the much larger abroad than in previous years, with prospects of further increase. Of particular significance are such projects in Libya and Algeria, as well as Croatia, but the global practice of reducing the investment is increasingly being reflected in them, and the number of new contracted business from month to month lower.
 Negative trends in exports and tourism services is provided, where the apparent deterioration of the structure and quality, as well as increasing participation Tzv. &quot;Shadow economy&quot; and minimize or avoid meeting legal obligations. Long-term economic thinking in the neighboring countries that have much more favorable economic situation and better able to use the CEFTA 2006 of us, clearly indicate that regional economic cooperation is an indispensable precondition for successful economic development and improving the competitiveness of the entire region. Cooperation is possible and justified in many segments, and on the complementarity of our economies testifies to the fact that most of the CEFTA 2006 for decades, makes a single Yugoslav market. Space for cooperation and joint production is especially great in the car and a dedicated industry, energy and tourism, is not negligible in other sectors. The impetus for cooperation and the principle of diagonal cumulation of origin is defined within the CEFTA 2006 and the Agreement on Stabilization and Association Agreement, the full inclusion of Serbia is even more important.
 The main causes of most of our problems, as foreign trade, and overall economic and social are in Bosnia and Herzegovina, a bad experience from the past does not give much hope in support of the relevant institutions, which should recognize the opportunity to accelerate out of the recession and the weakening of the use of competition to win a better position in the domestic and foreign markets. Extremely unfavorable business environment, lack of a clear strategy of economic development is incomplete and needs of the economy impractical legislation and lack the necessary support to relevant institutions have prevented the domestic manufacturers an equal position in both domestic and foreign markets. Drastically reducing the deficit and improve the structure of foreign trade achieved under conditions of severe recession confirm the real potential of our economy, but unfortunately only a glimmer of light in a dark tunnel of our economic reality, in which all the positive examples - an exception, a negative - the rule.
 Igor Raven, B.. ecc.
 