&quot;Mercy and justice I will sing, I will praise thee, O Lord, I think the way devout and when will you come to me? Come, I&#39;ll clean heart in his house. Your eyes will never manage to, evil things, because I hate the wicked deeds, not fit for them. Let me away from the heart false; not that I know about evil. Who secretly decreases your neighbor, then I&#39;ll shut up, who looks arrogant eye and the heart has a bloated, they can not endure. &quot;Psalm 101, 1-5, this word is not a biblical event, it is a wonderful Psalm. It speaks of such good things that are God prepared for us all. But no one will profit no one wants, and everyone will get anyone it wants. The Lord Jesus Christ said about her: From my hand, no one can steal! It is true, but anyone can slip off, many slipped. From the Lord&#39;s hands slipped Judas and others, so many left. Those who already know Christ in faith, and between them and the Lord to create a blessed, safe and strong religious ties, should not let that hand.
 From this love and grace, no one can be excluded. Therefore, make sure that there is no love lost. I want you to sing about the goodness and justice, Lord! This Psalm was written by David. He who had a great spiritual experience, he realized two things that are most important in life. Nothing is so important, as the two findings. Understand God&#39;s love, trust and respond to the obedient life. This is the secret of every happiness on earth and in eternity! Accept the love of God, to obey Him, to fall into the &quot;slavery&quot; of Jesus&#39; love. That is why the apostle Paul writes that Jesus &quot;slave&quot;. It was a great life, wonderful life and that love will be back. We have a very gracious God, but we also have His laws. The Lord said to come rain and sunshine. It comes a lot of blessings to believers and unbelievers. For good and evil. However, God gives a blessing to our hearts, which is a constant. I want you to sing about the goodness and justice, Lord! Lord&#39;s love is not enough just to accept but also to fight back.
 The Lord reminds us: Who knows my statutes and keep them that love me. There is only one way of retaliation love. Obedience. Many think that love the Lord enough for all. Is the Lord did not like Judas? I liked him. Is this by saying Judas? It is not. What happened to Judas? I lost it! It is always so. We live in Christ&#39;s near 60-70 years. They can experience the heavenly forces. We know that Judas did wonders. All happy that Jesus has presented to him yet, and yielded to evil forces. What happened to him yet? Never from the heart did not love Christ. He loved the Lord&#39;s gifts. Mental strength, power, and dreamed about it is that in Jesus&#39; kingdom be somewhere near the throne. Let us not love only the Lord&#39;s gifts, rather than himself. I want you to sing about the goodness and justice, Lord! We have to learn. You know that love? Besides everything else fades. Nothing can compare with him. It&#39;s like in the example, when a man found a pearl, all sold to buy it.
 Is it us, Jesus is the most precious treasure? Jesus does not want our lives to be on the second or third place. Only the first. If the Lord Jesus Christ, then he should be our only Lord. Birth we arrive at the ready awaited, prepared the world, enjoying the Lord&#39;s gifts and blessings and live in it as we want. Is not it strange? To enter in your garden and someone began to plant and rearrange. What would you say to that? This is my garden! We arrived in God&#39;s world and editing. Much destroy, rearrange. But with what right? Who is the owner? Someone might say that my health? The power is mine? Children are mine? These are all God&#39;s gifts. We handle it as we wish. It is abuse and sin against God&#39;s goodness. Many say I have only one life, I live by. Is your life? Happy is the man who provided his life and gave it to the Lord. I want you to sing about the goodness and justice, Lord! Who is Jesus Christ for you? Is this true: I want you to sing the Lord&#39;s goodness and justice? Who the Lord loves a fair, honest and let him serve the Lord.
 For him, the Bible Code, life. Who has the Bible and the Bible before him, has a reputation, if it is read by some to be obedient to God&#39;s word. Since it is no better book. This book does not lie. Do not be fooled. She does not spare neither the king nor beggar. It is sad how many people read horoscopes, thinking that there will learn his fate. We do not need horoscopes and the like. Your safety, your protection is only the Lord Jesus Christ. Every morning, start with Jesus&#39; name. Say: Lord I thank You for Your law can go and go to a new day. This will be your security defense wall. I want you to sing about the goodness and justice, Lord! David said, I praise You with the instrument of ten strings. This instrument is the human heart. Ten strings are the ten commandments. Someone does not like the seventh string sound. Do not commit adultery! Have no other gods. This string is broken. Do not bear false witness. You shall not covet ... These are strings broke.
 It is no longer an instrument. Make it your life is a wonderful song. A confession, the reciprocation of God&#39;s love. Trust can be a very sick man, may be burdened with many problems, yet inside there is such a peace, peace with Christ. Many people are saddened, indifferent, or restrained, disappointed or unsafe, let their hearts into the love of God. Everything will be resolved to change. The perfect way is the Lord Jesus Christ! He said: &quot;No one can be to the Father, but through me. There is no other way: either through the great church, nor by the saints or statues. Jesus is the only way! Sing about the love of God and his laws. Let us at the perfect time. Let&#39;s call the Lord: When you come to me? Blessed be the Lord we serve, that the blessing over us by God&#39;s grace yarn and more! © INFO JOURNAL Calvino
 