Telegrams and Letters I have received your notice and an invitation to participate in the Scientific assembly of the servant of God o. Anti Antic will be held in Split from 3 to 6 June this year thanks for the invitation but the commitment just those days abroad in the diocese do not allow my arrival in Split. All participants of this Congregation sincere greetings and wish a successful work. Servant of God Father Ante Antic his appearance in the Church of the Croats really deserves an exhaustive study to discover the wealth and souls and to be a challenge for the modern generation, the call and example to follow. Of course, it is God&#39;s original in which the Holy Spirit worked in him friendly way, so it is not at all to emulate. But in every believer the Holy Spirit wants to make original art gallery of holiness and everlasting kingdom of heaven. May the Holy Spirit leads and illuminates the work of the Scientific Association. I wish all the participants, with a greeting in the Lord, God Bless You Dr.
 Francis Card. Kuhar, Archbishop of Zagreb thanks for the invitation to attend the symposium on the servant of God Fr Anti Antic. In order for an earlier appointment for treatment abroad, we can not attend, but will in spirit and prayer to be present. I congratulate your province which organizes symposium in memory and honor of his father Anthony, irreproachable witness of holiness of the Church, an exemplary member of this Province and the son dičnog Sibenik Diocese and the Croatian people. We need witnesses to the holiness of our time, just as Father Anthony Antic, to be our motivator, especially us priests and bishops, the Holy Spirit to confront and resist the attacks of evil and fearlessly preach and witness to the Gospel. We are dedicated to the sacrament of Holy Orders, we are called today, especially in this difficult time in the examination of conscience: what we are before God, the Church and people, and how much we give of ourselves life and preaching the gospel of the kingdom of God on earth, namely the Church.
 Father Anthony is our example. His Holiness still radiates, comes and speaks. May this symposium even more saintly character discovers her father Ante Antic, that the Church in Croatia is the present, and her intercession with God to help break the power of Satan in this terrible war against humans, the Croatian people and the Catholic Church. AMEN. Welcomes and blesses the faithful brother in Christ, Msgr. Josip Arneric, bishop of Sibenik in peace I would like to attend the Scientific assembly of the father, Ante Antic occasion of the 100th anniversary of his birth, but as you yourself mentioned, the pastoral reasons, not possible for me to attend the Congregation. Further work will follow the canonization of their fervent prayers to God to the Croatian people through the intercession of Father Anthony Antic, give peace and true harmony. I welcome all participants of the Scientific Association and invoke God&#39;s abundant blessings on the work of all participants. Mons. Marijan Oblak, Archbishop of Zadar Organizers and participants of the symposium on the servant of God Father Antic Anti wish you success in your work with the desire to contribute to a quick celebration of the Servant of God.
 Hello everyone Tamarut Dr. Anthony, Archbishop of Rijeka-Senj While I am very happy that the symposium will be held on an outstanding figure of the Servant of God Fr Anthony Antic and his heritage in the spiritual renewal of Croatian, and especially so far as I am worried that because of my severe illness can not personally be present, the more so because I was invited to the symposium not only Vicepostulatora, but I got an invitation from MP. Fr Provincial. Because this way I send my cordial greetings to the participants of the symposium, and - especially - the organizers and presenters, along with hot desire and prayer that this symposium, at least indirectly, is another big step in the rise of the Servant of God on our altars, and for our entire nation ispaćeni and especially for our members Antic Province, a big boost to the true spiritual renewal in his case, and teaching tips. Dedicated to the Lord, Dr. Fr Stephen Vučemilo I received an invitation to List of choir Antićevoj heritage of spiritual renewal in Croatian.
 I greet you, the organizers, speakers and participants, and also apologize that I can not participate, because these days just keeps our Provincial Chapter of which I am a member. I had the honor and grace to be a member of the Court for the canonization of the Servant of God Father Ante Antic, and thus a deeper opportunity to meet the original O. Ante Antic. In addition to other great resources of his character I would mention two things that seem to me important in the spiritual renewal of our country. First, emphasize unification and harmony, contemplation and action in his life and work. When he was with God, Father Antic was at the same time with the man, and when he was with a man, was God. He really accomplished what it was a pursuit of another servant of God Father Gerard Thomas Stantic, Croatian Carmelite, who tried one love &quot;to hold in the arms of Christ and the soul,&quot; as he wrote. In my deep conviction, Father Antic is always the same love &quot;embrace&quot; Christ and the soul.
 Who could deny the need for such spiritual people in the universal Church, but also in our homeland? Secondly, he would like another richness of the soul of this servant of God our Father Ante Antic you would call a &quot;Catholic širokogrudnošću&quot;, which puts him in line of great saints of the Church. Great saints have not hesitated to use the experiences of each other, to check or improve their spiritual life. Sv. Teresa Avila-ska is served by two Franciscan writers of his Spanish homeland: Bernardino de Laredo, and especially the book &quot;Tercer Abecedario&quot; Francisco de Osuna. We know that Father Anthony Antic, even though he was a living image of St.. Francis of Assisi, checking on their learning experience St. Teresa of Avila. I consider this fact a great message, especially for our religion to be a unified force working on the spiritual renewal of our nation. Certainly, every order will be used their gifts of charisma, but all the charisma of the Church, to build the Body of Christ, and saints of the Church, so he can enrich each other to be Christ&#39;s body even more built up.
 A. Antic us is that this model really works, as I said, &quot;Catholic generosity, for which it was able to understand and manage many redovnčke souls, which are supposed to answer to God according to the measure as a gift from God received by his own charisma or the Societies Order . Radi Antic about such generosity was less Franciscan, even as St.. Theresa was less Carmelite nun because she had received rewards for its mystical call of the writers of the Franciscans. While grateful for the invitation, I want the success of this scientific assembly and all greet. Dr. Anthony O. Stantić OCD got notice of the scientific assembly of the servant of God, the father of Anti Antic. Personally I will not be able to attend, because as a member of the Pontifical Committee for International Eucharistic Congresses have to be at the congress in Seville on 6 to 13 June 1993. Very glad I bring up this letter and my behalf, on behalf brac&#39;e working or studying in Rome, on behalf of the Pontifical International Marian Academy, where I am President, I greet all those present at the meeting to which I wish full success.
 I am particularly attached to Father Ante Antic, because he was my &quot;master&quot; through two years (1936-1938), which I spent at our seminary in Makarska. He was my confessor. When I Godine 1940. came from Rome to redim a priest in his homeland, he has held in Makarska retreat. And he wanted to not only be present at Mass in my young-Kastel Stafilić 19th June 1940, but on this occasion performed ceremonista service. We are all interested in this work, we all pray that the Mother Church, before the rise to glory of the altars of our good &quot;master,&quot; Father Ante Antic. With fraternal greetings to all the good, loyal brother in st. Fr Paul Francis Dr. Melada, president of the Pontifical International Marian Academy salute all the honorable participants of the scientific corps of Antićevoj heritage of spiritual renewal Croatian. In the spirit with you in prayer before the Lord, I wish that your work is a valuable contribution to the beatification of the Servant of God and the spiritual renewal of our dear homeland.
 Dr. Rudolf A. Brajčić, professor of philosophy and theological institute in Zagreb Prireditelje, participants, speakers Symposium welcomes sincerely wishing every success and every good in his name and the Croatian Institute of St. Jerome in Rome. Dr. Anton Benvin, rector of the Symposium on the servant of God Fr Anti Antic will be held the next day with you in Split, I believe it will bring right to enrich participants and contribute to greater knowledge of the great spiritual riches of this great and holy man, which boasts the Franciscan community and our Catholic Church. Regretting that I personally can not arrive in Split, I want to tell you that the spirit will be with you at this meeting are hoping for from him abundant fruits. All participants send my cordial greetings in the Lord, Dr. Vjekoslav Milovan, secretary of the Croatian Bishops&#39; Conference of the Croatian Catholic Mission in Munich is looking forward to maintaining the Scientific Association - Symposium on Anti servant of God the father Antic the occasion of the 100th
 anniversary of his birth and wants with their priests, nuns and many thousands of believers Symposium Croats to succeed in scientific and professional work on deepening the life, work and work of the Servant of God, and also welcomes and congratulates the Province, Vicepostulaturi, speakers and participants of this dear Split expensive. O. Fr Mirko Maric, Head of Mission and the other brothers, nuns and believers Let this symposium is one step closer to proclaiming our good father Antic blessed and holy. Please by the intention to glorify the Lord thy servant. In addition to expressions of personal respect, cordially greet you on behalf of Don Mirko Barbaric, provincial Croatian Salesian Province of St.. John Bosco and personally. With prayerful remembrance, remains loyal to you in Christ, Don John Jeren SDB, secretary of the province want the success of the Symposium. Let the study of life in Antic encourage imitation. Fr Mario Sikic, provincial sincere thanks for the invitation to the symposium of God&#39;s servant o.
 Antic. Strand is not pressing the sea. Congratulations, so your provinces for a weight-du hovnega greats in prisrčno greet you. Br Polycarp Brolih, provincial Thank you for your invitation to participate in the Symposium on Anti servant of God Father Antic. It has already scheduled times can not be personally present and I asked Father Joseph Marcelic it to be representative of our community. Symposium I wish success and a servant of God, please let us advocate for the Heavenly Father. Fraternal greetings. Fra Bozo Sučić, the provincial and am unable to participate in the Symposium on Anti Father Antic, all the participants want a successful operation and an abundance of God&#39;s blessings with the cordial greetings. Dr. Tomislav Ivancic I wish this symposium with the blessing of God closer to the altar of his father Antic. With greeting everyone at the symposium and the worshipers of our patron saint with a deep reverence in prayer Don Špirko Vukovic Unable to attend a symposium on servant of God Fr Anti Antico in which you are kindly invited me, and because of previous contractual commitments, we sincerely wish a successful work together.
 Nadan Vidosevic, prefect of Split-Dalmatia Thank you for the invitation extended and also please accept my apologies as due to earlier commitments I am unable to attend the symposium on the servant of God Fr Anti Antic. I wish all the best and much success in the symposium. Mr. Donald Bubalo, Prefect of the County of Sibenik Let the Holy Spirit is come up with your research that the Church can be accessed beatification. Mirko wants loyal Validiić With joy I received your invitation to the Symposium on Anti servant of God Father Antic. Unfortunately, I am unable to urgent business in Zagreb and I can not attend the Symposium. I wish the Symposium a success in the work, and serve God-score were tifikaciju and canonization. Pax et bonum Prof. Domagoj Grečl Reverend father provincial, father vicepostulatoru and respected members of the organizing committee and all attendees. Although far from you, in these days of the Symposium on Anti servant of God Father Antic, you are closer than ever.
 The distance is only apparent. It is, in fact, the chain that binds us together, pray together that crown. With God&#39;s blessing, peace and well, loyal to you in Christ Mo. Mario Nardelli and Faith Zagar-Nardelli gratefully applaud Congress on Anti servant of God Father Antic. Thank you for inviting me and wish all participants God&#39;s blessing in the work, the cordial greetings from the provincial administration nursing the Infant Jesus, Nova Ves 55, Zagreb. Radoslav S. Radek, provincijalka joyful heart, we accepted your request and wish to support you with its powerful prayer to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the birth of the Servant of God Fr Fr Anthony Antic, which will be marked by the scientific corps, and the completion of its Causes in front of our Zagreb Archdiocese. We believe that the Lord will bless your efforts in this direction and give the many souls, through the intercession of Servant of God, the power of faith and spiritual ups on their way to the Lord.
 In those days of the scientific corps, we will be in a special way the spirit and prayers with you all. Sensing and owing deep gratitude to God&#39;s servant, O. Fr Anti Antic who often came into our BREZOVIČKA Caramel and spiritually helping sisters of the heart we welcome you and protect you entrust the Heavenly Mother. In Jesus and Our Lady cast Theresa S. llijana oil paintings prior to you and your entire Franciscan Province of the Most Holy Redeemer congratulate 100th birth anniversary of Father Anthony Antic, the servants of God. Nice welcome Symposium, its organizers, speakers and participants. Several of our nurses present at the symposium and all are in spirit with you and pray for a happy success of it. We look forward to our excellent speakers to offer new elements for a deeper understanding of the inner life and charisma of a good Father Antic and his intercession extradite spiritual and moral renewal of our beloved country and our steadfast response to the testimony of the merciful love of the heavenly Father with a desire that the sooner we see the Servant of God raised to the glory of the altars.
 Sincerely, The Daughters of Charity, Zagreb, and devoted to Christ, M. Goretti Krznar, head to take this opportunity through you, Reverend Father Vicepostulatore, and greet all the participants of the Scientific Assembly to be held in Split in early June. I wish you much success and all the responsible work of the Cause at the end o. Antic you lovingly refer to the Zagreb Archdiocese. Carefully read every issue of. Thanks to this, as well as books about her father Antic, which I read, I&#39;m happy about Anthony and very close, very love it. His letters are very dear to me. It will certainly be declared a saint because of the great by his humility and the love of God and every man and his love for Mary. He is an example that everyone else can live here on earth but one life and the world for which our heavenly Father has created. The great saints and holy men are humble. Figure A. Antic was in our room in a visible place as our eternal relationship with the Croatian and your dear good people.
 In God there is no limit. For this difficult time of war are not alone. Your pain and suffering of your people and our pain and suffering. And we here in Prague to pray for your peace and stop the war, as the youth in our praying day and night prayer marathons, when it was the worst. So they prayed, and together with the faithful, priests in churches. We do not agree with European politicians. Believers are with us in Prague asked the former Yugoslav embassy to stop the war. However, we must all continue to pray and hope that God through the intercession of Father Antic provide full assistance. There will always be at the end of goodness, love and justice prevail. If I had the opportunity, I will certainly get one in Zagreb that the prayer of gratitude to his father Antico in his grave for such a great life for us all he lived. During your research paper going for a week at Maria Zell to pray for peace in the Balkans, particularly in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina, as well as to designate the father Antic blessed and holy.
 Once again thank you all for everything that a father Antic and doing the voice of his holiness. I welcome all participants and all people of the Science congregation in Split. Let Split know he has a father in Prague Antic his admirers. May God bless you and all scientific work, and Mary Mother of God shall protect and preserve you and Croatia. With sincere greetings Jana Mihalikova, translator resume o. Antica - PRAGUE Since we are cloistered nuns, so we can not participate in the Symposium on the good servant of God the Father Antic, we will offer the Lord his more fervent prayer and sacrifice that will soon be beatified and canonised. Prayer and in spirit we will monitor the work of the Association averages the Lord with St.. Leopold on altars around the dear homeland Croatian Set honorable servants of God&#39;s ideals of Cardinal Aloysius Stepinac, and a good father Antic. Let them her intercession with the Lord bless Croatia, peace and blessings. With special respect and salute you and all members of the Conference, in the Lord, you remain loyal to the Benedictine nuns from Trogir M.
 John Šeravić, nun congratulate you and the entire Province of the Franciscan fathers, we sincerely thank the Lord that you and our people gave such a great saint. I read carefully the program of the Symposium, but unfortunately the work of the same none of us are able to participate. With sincere greetings in the Lord S. Tarzicija manor, provincial superior gathered around the grave of a good Father Anthony, and in earnest prayer for his beatification, we are happy to maintain the Scientific Assembly of the Servant of God, which is in Split, as well as us - Friends Fr Anthony Antic and worshiper to the symposium - here in Zagreb, reunited the same love. Warmly welcome the revered father vicepostulatora Fr Vladimir Tadic, who as president of the Organizing Committee and his associates filed a major &quot;heat of the day&quot; in the preparation of this Association. We welcome the excellent lecturers and all participants. Congratulations on such a fervent, and serious efforts to discover the An-tićeve heritage rich treasure, but available to every individual, family, church, and we are pleased the Croatian people.
 All his life Father Ante Antic was in search of &quot;hidden treasures&quot;. In the light of God&#39;s word, he sold everything to buy the pearl of great price (cf. Mt 13.46). Fully relying on Christ&#39;s word - which became his life - and he fits asking: &quot;Why have you sought me? Did you not know that I have to be in my Father&#39;s house? &quot;(Lk 2.49). Even today, when we witnessed heartless War when Quenched many lighthouses and the sea of life so often feel lost and when we feel that winning a lie, hate and evil, when many old wounds have not healed, and new - even deeper - are already open and when we all long for peace, a step we grow weary and already we do not know what to pray, the good father Antic, lit the eternal light and the promise of Christ, testifies clearly to us shouting: &quot;Seek first the kingdom of God and His righteousness; and all these things shall be added &quot;(Mt 6:33). In this regard, we welcome the first honorable Province of the Most Holy Redeemer, which is a good Father Anthony with all my heart belonged to, and then the venerable choir, said the father, Ante Antic Father: &quot;May the Holy Spirit be always with you! Thank you for your trust, whom you have the unworthy and unprofitable servant of the Lord.
 Oh, how I&#39;d like to see your community as a true earthly paradise where the heavenly Bridegroom of your soul with joy resides! Where governments His holy love, which are the subject of his virtues, and where is totally loved, adored, praised and nasljedovan! In the Lord I ask you all: do not look at it, to make my &#39;unrealistic in the mood, desires or wishes. Forget everything and all care for us, for our aspirations and desires to cast Divine Heart of Jesus. In Him we seek peace, strength, comfort, understanding, love and unity. Some of you the spirit of devotion, of holy prayer, mutual help and spiritual encouragement for a better, more perfect life &quot;(AP, 11 / 1,1) union with the father&#39;s desire Antic, who is also a clear road map to spiritual renewal, please let us everyone, especially you at the Scientific assembly, detection Antic heritage in this light is the greatest security of spiritual renewal, and justification of why we are looking for him.
 Daily praying for the success of this symposium, we remain. Group praying for the Symposium and S. M. Asumpta Strukar
 