During April 1992. brigades are getting ready to go to the southern battlefield. On this battlefield was first hired part brigade headquarters, which had a duty to accept and accommodate, and to introduce troops into battle from the Brigade. The brigade was formed of six infantry and one armored battalion. Within a month all of these battalions were transferred to the southern battlefield. Distinguishing between the radiošiframa the battalion commander. First is the battalion was Cuk, 2 Kos Battalion, 3rd Žuna Battalion, 4th Raven Battalion, 5th Cloud Battalion, 6th Eagle Battalion and Armoured Battalion Mongoose. As we were standing by in western Slavonia, after we replaced the local unit and after a short break, the last we moved south to the battlefield. As the battalion came to the southern battlefield, so they introduced the first line. Any special preparation for this course and the weather was not. The enemy is at the beginning of first arrival A National Guard brigade is carried out attacks in order to penetrate deeper into Croatia.
 The attack lasted several days. He was stopped and since the first A National Guard brigade is passed in attack operations in order to scare off the enemy as far from the Croatian border, and Croatian coast. May the twelfth morning the entire first Battalion lined up on the runway in CROATIJA. When lined up I noticed that we have a lot less than the back lined in Novska. Later I learned that a good number of members did not want to go to a new battleground and at the same time they are removed. Some even lay low for example - must be educated. One was my acquaintance allegedly supposed to finish college in the Republic of Slovenia, or be removed. And, of course, they let him. When we got organized and at the end and beginning of 1993. The complete return to their barracks from the southern battlefields, of course he has not finished college, but they did not even remove from the list first A National Guard brigade. Today in 2001. years, and what you think, if graduated from college? Of course not.
 He will still carry and how you rank high, holds a high military duty and decide the future for a good part of the employees in the Armed Forces. Even about my future in the army. Not only to decide my fate for me in every place where he can disparage. But on these and similar issues I will write you another day. When I dare. Just because a long time been a good poltroon, still behaves as if we do not know that &quot;wiped out&quot; when it was the hardest thing, when he had to go into battle. He was not even supposed to go into battle, was the military activities popisnoj gunner. Is that supposed to be, I would not know. I think these people have no place in important positions in the Armed Forces, and certainly not to decide the fate of those who carried out the burden of this war. Reconnaissance platoon when he was traveling south on the battlefield was part of the Poturiček, Turbo, brothers Dražimir and Elijah, Mile, I., Brlas, Kiki, Jurak, Slogar, Viky, a Palestinian, B., Christ, Marek, rifle, Šimunšek, Buco, and Levi Zic.
 So, twenty-one with me. Davor Jurak I let him &quot;try&quot; to finish a college in Zagreb. Supposedly it should solve a few exams and then come to us on the field. He was, when our court delayed, and he stuck in college, he asked to be removed. I approved. Kordic remained on treatment in Zagreb. We boarded several buses and headed to the southern battlefield. Where is it, we knew about, but nobody exactly knew either way, let alone what the situation on the battlefield and what awaits us there. Our time in the direction of Zagreb - Karlovac - Senj - Pag - Zadar - Sibenik - Split - Makarska - Živogošće. We traveled all night and day. The journey was very long and tiring. On several occasions, we stopped to take a little walk and drink cold drinks. When we entered the night in Zadar and in doing so crossed the gravel road near an improvised Murvice, we did not know that the enemy is so close to town. Then we realized why the driver turned off the lights and asked that the no smoking in the bus and why we had to go through Zadar, just at night.
 In Živogošće we arrived about seventeen hours. We were dead tired from traveling. The hotel staff greeted us warmly and comfortably settled in your hotel complex. We got a hot dinner and went to sleep, and some in a nearby bar in the feature. I already have the first night with some guards had problems. Not with mine, but with guards from other units. These are one and the same are constantly creating problems.
 