Sources close to the MoD, are convinced that this was a retaliation by the competent minister Security Agency, whose chief, Lieutenant General Darko Grdić far advanced with the investigation of illegal activities in this important ministry. Unofficially heard that the State Attorney&#39;s Office and VSOA USKOK submitted six or seven applications, and several more intensive work. Asked for protection as we recently reported, the director of military security and intelligence agencies, Darko Grdić, in mid-October, at a meeting with Supreme Commander, President Ivo Josipovic, in the presence of 28 generals indirectly asked for support and protection in the fight against crime and corruption in the Ministry of Defence -in. Grdić Josipovic then announced that VSOA Chief State Attorney Mladen Bajic and the head of USKOK, Dinko Cvitan, will soon deliver several criminal charges related to illegal activities in the Defense Ministry. Spent millions to speculate that among the investigations carried out by VSOA was the construction of buildings MOD in Mali Losinj, where the illegal construction of apartments and summer residences, &quot;Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces, General Josip Lucic, spent millions and million.
 They also explored and irregularities in public procurement. The media mentioned the name Branko Vukelic and millions in payments approved by some PR agencies close Ratko Macek, Sanader&#39;s former spokesman. Sources Morning paper claims that the decision on amending the Ordinance on salaries in VSOA-and passed on the recommendation of the Minister Branko Vukelic and that of all previously not discussed, nor a professional or coordinating body of national security. Government Office for public relations it was not revealed. At the same time were not reduced to allowances received by other segments of the Croatian intelligence community, which clearly shows that Vukelićev request of the government has no basis. Planted the Prime Minister? Sources close VSOA-i can hear that the Minister Vukelic, with whose name was recently mentioned more and more scandals, amendments to the Ordinance on salaries actually planted the Prime Minister Kosor.
 According to these sources, Vukelic had hoped to lower wages in VSOA-and abate of the investigations conducted by the agency. Specifically, Kosor this decision was approved and signed, believing that she agreed with the professional bodies. MOD no comment: It&#39;s a secret from the Ministry of Defence have responded that salaries are reduced, but not whether the procedures respected. &quot;This decision is in the spirit of the implementation of anti-recession measures and savings. Given that this is classified information, according to the classification, we can not comment,&quot; the response. Decision: The Office of the President generally informed only on earnings and bypassed Josipovića Committee Ranko Ostojic Interestingly, in some way in this whole story is bypassed and the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces, President at University of. According to information Jutarnji List, the President was only in principle and by the way informed of the decision to employees VSOA-e could reduce earnings.
 It has to be explained as an attempt to harmonize income in the Defense Ministry, explaining that some leaders in the system of Ministry of Defence and General Staff have more bonuses, which ultimately generate significant income. But the President has not received the final draft of the decision to reduce wages, before he found himself at the second session of the Government September It is extremely unusual because the President, pursuant to its constitutional powers, co-creator of decisions related to national security, but also co-chair of the National Security Council. Under legislation passed 2006th year, for approval of budget security agencies, including the VSOA-e, is in charge of the parliamentary Committee for Internal Policy and National Security. The head of this committee is SDP agent Ranko Ostojic. Every year just before the agency board directors defend their budget proposals based on annual plans. Without the express consent of the said Board approved amendments to spending the funds are not available.
 As wages are one of the items of the budget, it is clear that the committee, headed by Ostojic, the government&#39;s decision was also bypassed.
 