Thirty countries in Eastern Europe and Central Asia, the growth in GDP this year would average should be at four percent. Of these countries, Croatia is among the four that are still in recession, and recorded a negative growth of around two percent in 2010., Published by the World Bank. The only country that is worse than we were Kyrgyz, with negative growth of four percent. Along with Croatia, a negative growth of around two percent have even Romania and Latvia. World Bank chief economist for the region Indermit Gill said that Croatia was in 2009. had a negative growth of 5.8 per cent, and this year in a negative field, and the big question is not so fiscally, but also financial. He recalled that our country has had steady growth, except for bad 1999th when it was negative, but that term has a very good chance, especially when looking at a very sensitive monetary policy and the fact that the fiscal imbalance is not large.
 As the two main weaknesses of the Croatian, Gill said a very high social spending relative to GDP, and high external debt, which had come due. Portion of external debt resulted in a decline in foreign direct investment. Gill still believes that policy makers in Croatia have not pulled the wrong moves because the Croatian case of problems, which is otherwise difficult to solve especially in a recession. I think that Croatia has built a lot of bricks to progress, which is why I am very optimistic, &quot;said Gill. He concluded that the data for late 2010. and 2011. look a lot better, a long-term World Bank has improved the economic forecasts for Croatia. When it comes to other countries from this group, the largest growth (10 percent) is Turkmenistan. Our neighboring countries recorded growth of around one percent, while European countries such as Polish and Ukrainian recorded GDP growth of around four percent. Gill believes that all countries can continue the current momentum to remain open, stabilize government finances and improve the business climate.
 He warned that emerging economies of Eastern Europe and Central Asia the hardest hit by the global crisis, and that their recovery is directly related to the recovery of Western Europe, because three quarters of their exports go in 15 Western states of the European Union. He concluded that the shrinking economies of countries in the region followed in and out of employment, where the recovery will take a long time, because for now, economic growth is not accompanied by employment growth. An even greater world record is 390 million dollars (296.5 million euros), which in March 2007. The two players shared the American Mega Millions lottery.
 