Destroyed 80 trees, smashed 40 cars, some people are more easily injured, broken into dozens of roofs and facades ... It&#39;s all left behind by the storm Zagreb and its surroundings spread throughout Monday. Nothing more was found in other Croatian regions. In Osijek, flooded basements and streets in Valpovo with the Smith farm had to evacuate because of high water more than 800 pigs. And in Virovitica municipalities torrential rains have caused flooding of many homes, but more than 500 hectares of farmland on which they planted various crops. Severe storm in Koprivnica end so it was really that, because of flooding and any resulting damage was declared a natural disaster. &quot;Peter is fired, Elijah stinging&quot; All this happened on the first day of summer, so the Croatian citizens anxiously ask: if it started like a bad summer, would be the end? Meteorologists do not like to give long-term prognosis, but on the basis of data that until now have, calm people and say they will return to summer this week.
 - On Tuesday, the weather has stabilized, so in the next week we can expect sunny weather and rising temperatures. The interior will be the average about 27 degrees Celsius and the sea will reach nearly 30 degrees - said Nebojsa Subanovic, meteorologist and director of the Weather Index Page. National proverb says: &quot;Peter is fired, Elijah stinging&quot; No sudden cooling Judging by the weather forecasts, so it will be this summer. Specifically, the first heat of the summer performing at the end of June, around St. Peter&#39;s, and the largest, strongest and most heat will be about Ilindana in July and early August, about the feast of St. Lawrence. Judging by what meteorologists say, a vacation planned at any time in July and August at sea will not harm any sudden chill. Summer in Dalmatia will be long and hot, but in the continental part of the Croatian can expect frequent showers. - In most parts of the country is expected to average a warm summer, and in coastal regions and overly hot summer.
 However, there will be rain. In continental Croatia is expected to be little more than usual. Stable time is expected in August - adds Đurđica Markovic from Meteo-Slovakia. Disaster: 224 dead, 1500 missing, 100,000 homeless in the northeast of Brazil floods have killed two states - Pernambuco and Alagoas. Severe storm hit the big river basins, away from tourist areas, the floods caused by high water levels and floods. Dozens of houses were destroyed and at least 100,000 people left homeless. According to latest official figures, 224 persons were killed and at least 1500 of them missing. L. President Inacio da Silva has launched a campaign to help. (MAK)
 