(This picture is I received the baptism in the 7 / 62). Nothing exists as its existence would not have to thank God the Creator. And that God created other than the visible and invisible world, it is clear naznaèeno already in the first verse of Genesis where it says: In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth (Genesis 1, 1). The sky is illuminated &quot;place&quot; spiritual creatures - angels, the earth material world. So, heaven and earth - spiritually and materially, all created by God. True Faith One of the fundamental religious truth is the belief in the existence of spiritual, invisible creatures or anðeoskog world beyond senses. Angels are no abstractions or imagery. They are actual creatures of God who through all eternity the glory of his Creator and fulfill his intentions. Catholic Church to confess, he believes, and teaches, the same sigurnošæu that professes faith in God the creator. The testimony of Scripture is clear about how such a submission unanimous.
 The Council at Nicaea 325th and the Council of Constantinople 381st declare a joint belief in one God who created the visible and invisible world: &quot;I believe in one God, the Father Almighty, maker of heaven and earth, of all things visible and invisible ...». So determined and clearly expressed already at the beginning of what interests us here, and that the existence of angels. Sv. Augustine expressly says that faith in the world of clairvoyance dogma of the Catholic Church that no one should doubt. A fourth Lateran Council (1215) on this topic clearly poruèuje and again is a joint faith: God is my svemoguænošæu from nothing and created one other creature, spiritually and physically, that is, angels and the world. Parliament in Florence (1442) re-enacts the Doctrine of Nicaea and Constantinople. First Vatican Council (1870.), That stressed the importance of, literally, the text states the fourth Lateran Council. Finally the Second Vatican Council confirms that the faithful rightly worship angels (LG 50).
 He also explains that a certain angels come to Christ in his glory (LG 49) and that the glory of heaven are subject to the Great Mother of God. &quot;Angels are the lights lit the light which has no beginning&quot; - St. John Damašèanski. Meaning the words of the Hebrew word for angel is mal&#39;āk, which means messenger or prophet. The same word appears in the name of the prophet Malachi, &quot;my messenger&quot;, the upuæujuæi a messenger sent by God. Greece&#39;s translation uses the word angelos (akin to Old Persian and Sanskrit angaros angirâs). shvaæanju The significance of the Church By the angel&#39;s name service, and the actual definition of an angel is the name for the label nature. Sv. primjeæuje Gregory the Great: &quot;The word angel name the service, not nature. Holy, namely, those heavenly spirits country, always have my heart, but still can never be called angels, because there are angels, when something occurs on them. &quot;Simi says St. Augustine:&quot; Spirits are angels, and when the spirits are not angels as an angel is the name of the service, not nature.
 If you are looking for the name of one character, the spirit, if you require service, the angel said. By what it is, the spirit is, at what he does, is an angel. &quot;Condition of the Angels It is difficult to penetrate the human mind in the state of the Angels and the Angels to understand the world as it is an immense difference between them and human nature. Their nature, namely, the loftier and more perfect than human beings and between all take place in najodliènije svemiru.4 angels are pure spirits, the perfect creation of God, endowed with reason and free will, quite simply nature, immortal, immutable, and human bodily sight unseen and as such reflect the image of its Creator. Not subject to the limits physically, nor the laws of the deterioration. Jesus himself refers to when describing the condition of the Angels Because the lives of those ... that they found worthy of the world ... Indeed, not even death can not: the same angels and are sons of God, being sons of resurrection (Lk 20, 36).
 Can be seen manifested Although invisible to physical sight of the angels can be seen and manifested their people and announce God&#39;s plan. That is, can apparently assume visible forms of physical and èiniti apparent physical actions (cf. Tob 12, 19). Then the name of an angel gets a full sense and meaning. For as we have said it is about service, about the mission in God&#39;s name. All day I let me see your eyes, but I did not eat or drink: you beheld only an illusion (Tob 12, 19). Angels diversity and uniqueness of all people start from one and the same origin, the first man Adam, as a consequence of birth. So on the basis that all belong to the same human race and all together Eine unique humanity. It is quite the angel&#39;s different because they are born or are born from a joint opæeg origin. They are all together and each of God made perfect in nature, and they&#39;re not connected to parents or kinship bonds, nor stand in equal relation to each other, like a man standing by a man.
 By their nature, they are all angels are equal among themselves, only insofar as they are ghosts, and have intellect and will, what other things are made of their importance, or else each not only differing but razluèen from one another. What &#39;consists diversity among the ghosts? Holy writers such as Peter Lombard, Bonaventure, Suarez, ... They believe there are varieties of angels, probably as much as there are rows, and in certain types of multiple individuals. That is an order of angels is very different from the angels of the second order. Sv. Thomas and Tomisti learn that each angel for themselves the Angels of the species so that in one species can not exist but only one individual, or is so kind as an angel. Most likely is that each angel because of their spiritual, the intangible nature of a special type. So, no two angels A similar, or the same two. Each angel is particularly different than the other, as a species distinct from each other.
 Yet all together make up a unique spiritual (Angels) world. &quot;All the angels certainly fall under one&#39;s general concept, spirit, but that term can still have a myriad of species. The diversity of angels, who make up the spiritual world, it is proved by the fact that this visible world is composed of a myriad of creatures of different species. What can be guaranteed to keep the spirits that were not all created equal excellence, nor the same abilities, but they had differing degree of perfection according to the provisions for which God created them. &quot;Each angel of God immediately, individually created. Holy Angels hierarchy of angels, and have first names that receive the service they perform. So Raphael means God&#39;s medicine (Tob 3, 17, 12, 15), Gabriel - The hero of God (Daniel 8, 16, 9, 21), Michael - who is like God (Daniel 10, 13 21, 12, 1). Also we find the group name and scalability in a particular service ... Sv. Thomas Aquinas believed that there are higher and lower angels, and that the higher angels enlighten the lower orders of angels.
 Because angels are higher closer to God, and they receive greater knowledge then transferred to lower angels. God is found between the creation of so-called angels. Angels hierarchy. Doctrine that there are various orders of angels or weeds considered theologically safe because it relies on Scripture and church tradition. Doctrine, however, that the anðeoskih nine rows and is divided into three hierarchies, it is considered vjerojatnim.7 How are deployed in honor of the Angels weeds? Sv. Augustine admits that he does not know, but says he certainly believes that the throne, dominion, rule and authority in the heavenly beauty. Adds that clearly believes that they are in and doing something different, but what other things would have been the difference that he does not know. Sv. Æiril Jerusalem divided the ranks of the Angels: angels, arkanðeli, power, dominion, government, authorities, thrones, cherubim and seraphim. Sv. John Chrysostom lists the choirs of the Angels in this order: angels, arkanðeli, powers, thrones, dominion, government, governments, cherubim, seraphim.
 Gregory the Great divides angels into nine rows of three hierarchies and the service they perform: 1 the first hierarchy (seraphim, cherubim and thrones): distinctive features of her observation of God. Serafini (by Hebr., Indicated that burning fire) are pure angels who, because of proximity to God above nazamislivom love of God. Cherub has special knowledge of God&#39;s secrets. Throne of God when you are the judge. In this the grace of God to them by issuing its decision. 2nd other hierarchies (mastery, and government authorities) involved in the management of the world. Dominion - a wonderful feature to be able to lower them obey and carry out their orders. Government - are directly pouèeni anðeoskog of higher order of what should be done, and allocated to the lower angels. They are in some way Start Their actions to be executed, so prednjaèe in fulfillment of God&#39;s service. Government - their government to obey the opposing forces.
 3rd A third hierarchy (the force, and arkanðeli Andes): a special duty to carry out her decision of God. Force - according to them is more often an event signs and wonders. Arkanðeli - navješæuju and mediate greater events. Andes - navješæuju and less mediated events. Sofronije Damašèanski, Jerusalem Patria, stated this order: seraphim, cherubim, thrones, dominion, authority, power, government. Then Michael said, the army and the leader of St. Gabriel and other angels and arkanðele. Hugo Victorinus be allocated as follows: seraphim, cherubim, thrones, dominion, power, principalities, powers, arkanðeli, angels. Finally the najopæenitije prihvaæena dispensation which was compiled by Pseudo-Dionysius the Areopagite (late 5th century AD) according to which the angels are divided into nine weed arranged in three different levels of three corps. Schedule would look like the following: In the first hierarchy or top level, those who are enlightened and immediately sent from God, and surround the throne of God - seraphim, cherubim, thrones.
 In the second, or middle level, those who are enlightened and receive orders directly from the first hierarchy, and they themselves are sent below their best - mastery, power, power. In treæoj hierarchy, ie the lowest level, those who are enlightened and salt from the other hierarchy. They are particularly engaged in the service of people - government, arkanðeli, angels. So, while the higher-level focus of the worship of God, the lower performing services caring for the man. Although this arrangement does not mean that we have penetrated the world of Angels and God&#39;s dispensation, though the above names anðeoskih weed found in Scripture. So St. Paul says that God raised Christ from the dead, and gatherings on his right hand in heaven above all rule (Principatus) and government (Potestates) and power (Virtutes) and dominion (Dominationes) and every name that is named (cf. Eph 1, 20 - 21). Besides the four mentioned here in the crust (Aug 1, 16) states of the Throne (Throne).
 The Old Testament often mentions the cherubim and seraphim ... placed cherubim and a flaming sword which turned - to guard the way to the tree of life (Gen. 3, 24); Above it stood seraphim; each had six wings: two wings that hid his face, two to zakrije legs and two wings of a fly. I cried to one another: &#39;Holy! World! Holy is the LORD of hosts !...&#39; (from 6, 2 - 3). I still have angels and Arkanðele, BC. ... Having ascended into heaven, is the right hand of God, as it were disobedient angels, principalities and powers (1 Pt 3, 22). These things really we say the Lord&#39;s words: we are alive and remain for the coming of the Lord, will not preteæi those who are asleep. For I the Lord will - the command, with the voice arkanðelov, the trumpet call of God - come down from heaven (1 Thessalonians 4, 16). When the angels created? What we can safely say that the angels were created and have their start. It is harder to determine when they are created, but (Job 38, 4 - 7) gave the hint that they already existed when God created the world, it says: ... who laid the cornerstone while the morning stars cheered and chanted God&#39;s courtiers ? They were probably part of the creation of &quot;heaven&quot; in the (Post 1, 1).
 The reason for their creation is to be exalted God and rejoiced in his mighty creative work. Christ and the angels &quot;Christ is the center anðeoskog world. His angels: &quot;When the Son of men come in glory and all his angels with him&quot; (Mt 25, 31). Its because they were created by him and for him: &quot;In him all things were created in heaven and on earth, visible and invisible, whether thrones, or dominion, or principalities, or powers - all were made by him and for him &quot;(Col. 1, 16). There are over him because he makes them the messengers of his salvific plan:&quot; All of these are not a služnièki ghosts, which are sent to serve those who are heirs of salvation &quot;(Hebrews 1, 14).&quot; &quot;From the Incarnation to Uzašašæa Incarnate Word of life surrounded by the Angels Adoration and service. When God&quot; introduces the firstborn into the world, saying, Let him before nice fall all the angels of God &quot;(Heb 1.6). Their hymn of Christ&#39;s birth has not ceased to resound in the Church&#39;s praise:&quot; Glory to God in the highest &quot;(LK2, 14).
 They protects the childhood of Jesus, serve Him in the wilderness, refresh it in mortal combat, if it were able to save from the hands of the enemy as at the first Israel. Angels are evangelizers (Lk 2, 10): navješæuju good news of the Incarnation and the resurrection of Christ. They will return to Christ, who navješæuju, be present at the service of his court. Mary and the angels of the most beautiful greeting angel submitted to answer the most wonderful man and man, the angel heaven opened and a man linked earth and heaven. All this happened thanks to a wonderful woman, humble servant. Jacob&#39;s Ladder have finally identify the heart of Mary the Incarnation of the Son of God and opened up the ongoing communication of God&#39;s angels with man. Therefore, it is crowned by the Most Holy Trinity for the queen of heaven and earth, and the angels and man. Hence, angels are the queen of a simple woman. In the womb of the Virgin began a process that nezustavljivi your healing klicaj transmits through the pain of the Cross to bring us victory over death brought the triumph of life and prepared in the hope of a joyful isèekivanje&#39;s final coming in glory.
 Angels in worship and prayer, worship and ancient traditions gave great importance to the role of angels in the history of salvation. Just think of the sacrificial figure of an angel, as it predoèuje Roman canon, the current First Eucharistic Prayer, the hymn &quot;cheroubikon» Byzantine liturgy, the importance they attributed to angels in the rites of baptism, reconciliation, anointing bolesnièkog and funerals, etc. The worship of angels began already in IV. century in the East and spread to the fifth century in the West and with the notable shrines, such as St. Michael on Monte Gargano, and Mont Saint-Michel in France. The Roman Missal of St. Pius V (published 1570th) found the four holidays holy angels guards and arkanðelima Gabriel, Michael and Raphael. This arrangement remained in force until 1970. Restoration of liturgical texts after the Second Vatican Council was just a rearrangement, not OFF of something that is obsolete. Confirmation of this is found in the texts of the new Roman Missal of Paul VI., Made under the provisions II.
 Vatican Council. So feast arkanðela (September 29th), and an angel guards (October 2nd). &quot;It remains the mention of angels in the Preface and in many prayers, also in the prayers of the sacramental rite. First introduced the Preface of the angels praise and thank God for the gift of salvation of their works. All Preface end pridružujuæi faithful praise angels and saints with such neposrednošæu leaves no doubt about the belief that it is a personal reality. &quot;The entire life of the Church enjoys a mysterious and mighty Angels help. &quot;In the liturgy of the Church is united with the angels to worship thrice holy God. She invokes their assistance, as in prayer, &quot;We humbly ask you - and Supplices rogamus&quot; in the Roman canon, or in the song &quot;In heaven, and took the Andes - In Paradisum deducant and angels&quot; in the Order of the funeral, or even the &quot;cherubic hymn&quot; Byzantine liturgy and especially memorialize some of the angels (Michael, Gabriel, Raphael and angel guards). &quot;&quot; From infancy to death human life is surrounded by their protection and intercession.
 &quot;Every believer has an angel with you as a saver and a shepherd to lead him into life.&quot; Already Kristjan life on earth by faith participate in the blessed company of angels and the people who are united in God. &quot;Conclusion It should be borne in mind that the essence of the doctrine of angels is not in any degree is required of us to falter in the standings, but to lead us into and that we consciously reality to which we can not and must not be indifferent. He also wants to show us how God&#39;s work is all regulated by just fine and that everything he created was good. A crystal of His goodness to the most wonderful way to klièu vjeènoj praise you give him an angel billion billion. They are looking forward to God&#39;s saving plan and actively participate in spreading the Good News. It proved so many examples from the lives of saints and pious kršæana. Like the outstretched hand reflect God&#39;s love and security offered to every man. They are a free gift of Heaven for all humble souls, and to us is whether we will this gift, which gives it the sky, to accept it or not! Healthy approach to this reality will we open to God&#39;s incentives to discern the spirits, so we will not baffle all sorts of misconceptions zabludjelih sons.
 Let&#39;s be collaborators of God&#39;s angels, as it is in an outstanding way was Mary, and will inevitably enter the kingdom of God in our lives and lead us to the heights of unity and celebration of all creation in Christ Jesus. ------- Fr. Peter Galiæ OP text was taken from the Challenge of Truth, the journal of young Dominicans, No. 2 (26), Zagreb, December 2002. References: Catechism of the Catholic Church, CBC, Zagreb, 1994. GOZZELINO G., angels - invisible Presence, Split, CUS, 1996. BAKŠIÆ S., Creator God, Volume I, Zagreb, 1946. BATISTIÆ N., Satan and Satan apprentices, Rijeka, 1912. BJ Oropeza, O angels, demons and spiritual warfare, Stepress, Zagreb, 2001. ------- The truth is a worthy and just, right and salutary, that always and everywhere to thank you and your angels to sing praise to thee, O Lord, holy Father, Almighty everlasting God: you belong to honor all the angels express What are your true image, their lofty beauty made manifest your goodness through Christ our Lord.
 According to him, your majesty boasts a multitude of angels, and their rejoicing, and we join klièuæi joint hymn ... (Roman Missal, Preface of angels) www.facebook.com text: &quot;I believe in angels: angels&quot;
 