At its first meeting Croatian President Ivo Josipovic and his Serbian counterpart Boris Tadic opened the space between the two countries agreed on the achievement and extra-judicial settlement in the case of genocide raised by the International Court of Justice in The Hague. - The complaint is not itself a purpose. If you find a possibility to reach a settlement out of court about issues that are the subject of the complaint, then the complaint does not make sense. It is a matter of agreement, good will and actions of both the government - said in Opatija on the Croatian president Josipović after meeting with Tadic. - It would be good to have this issue too is not internationalize, but to resolve out of court settlement - agreed to Tadic, adding that this does not mean we should abandon the prosecution of individuals who have committed war crimes. Croatia and Serbia must not be hostages of the crimes committed by members of our nation - said Tadic.
 He urged the Serbian tourists to come to Croatia, and Croats to visit Belgrade and the local music festivals. - I am the first Serbian tourist who came to the Croatian coast this year - joked Tadic, who is this meeting the two presidents named a new beginning in the Croatian-Serbian relations. No division of BiH He expressed hope that Serbia and Croatia will soon become EU members. - It would be good to the entire region into the EU. If Croatia joins the European Union and Serbia is not, it would not be good for Croatia or to Serbia. It would be harmful for both countries - said Tadic. The two presidents agreed to and that there should be no division of Bosnia and Herzegovina. - No one can question the Dayton Agreement and the entities that exist in Bosnia - said commenting on the statement of President Tadic of the Republic of Serbian Milorad Dodik, who has recently stated that the BiH time has come for the peaceful dissolution.
 Josipovic and Tadic at the end of his address to the press in Opatija have joked that after their meeting still remains an open issue on which they were unable to agree: who will win the Davis Cup match between Croatia - Serbia will be held in Split. - I think this will solve the issue of Djokovic - Tadic said. - I think it would be a better arbiter of Ivan Ljubicic - responded Josipovic. &#39;Secret Operations &quot;and the Brussels meeting of Croatian and Serbian president in Opatija to the last moment, remained unknown to the Serbian press, even in Opatija not found even one representative of the local media. The meeting is normally arranged in the utmost secrecy, and the exact time and place of the meeting between the president until Wednesday morning, the rest is unknown, and diplomats in Brussels. On board a Navy ship on the Croatian Navy &quot;Great Clean&quot; were highlighted two flags: an office of Croatian President, who was on the bow of the ship, and other Croatian flag which was on the stern.
 The fact that during the meeting Josipovic and Tadic was prominent Croatian flag was particularly pleased with HDZ member Andrija Jr., who after his inauguration Josipovic objected to the new Croatian president said that no Croatian flag. After a ten-fish menu walks Opatija, two of the president honored lunch at the restaurant &quot;Bevanda&quot;, located close to the sea. On the menu were seafood, saw the Croatian wine, a dessert, as we learn, served ice cream. Tadic: How are you, girl When you get to the sea, you have to see what it looks like up close - are the first words that Serbian President Boris Tadic spoke after he landed on the sunny Opatija waterfront. Tadic with Josipovic walked Angiolina famous park, where they met three high school. - How are you, girl, I&#39;m Boris - they threw to Tadic, and the girls and shook hands.
 