Barcelona president, the world&#39;s most powerful football club, 46-year-old Sandro Rosell (Rosell and Alexandre Feliu) landed on Sunday, about 15 hours, his private jet at Split airport and immediately transferred to the ACI marina, where the company embarked the luxurious 30-meter yacht that would have gone on their summer tour along the Adriatic coast. Barcelona president after the arrival of the first expressed his gratitude to the head of traffic at the airport Hrvoje Andrijaševića the fast procedure because he wanted to come as soon as possible to the yacht. As the last hour received information about the arrival of the president of Barcelona in Split, Sandra Rosella was a message welcoming the president of Hajduk Joška Svaguša (he was on the island of Hvar) with a request that he reveal his itinerary ... &#39;I want to enjoy &quot;- I&#39;d like to see the president Split the club - said Sandro Rosell - because the price Croatian football and Hajduk. I know for a principled agreement on a guest appearance Barca in Split, I gave consent for this match.
 Rosell and our journalist Vladimir Dugandžić / Getty Barcelona president came with his company (four pairs) at home and thanked for the invitation to come to the match between Hajduk Split and FC Barcelona. First, he announced Rosell, delegation expects &quot;white&quot; in Barcelona, on the occasion of the traditional game &quot;Trofeo Gamper, who is playing 25th August between Barca and Milan at the opening of the season in Spain. - On vacation, I understand, I do not want to talk about football, I have come to enjoy the beauty of your sea. Last summer I spent ten unforgettable days, I visited Hvar, Korcula, Dubrovnik, was the Bay of Kotor. I can tell you, one who comes to this sea, this must go back here. No matter what awaits me at the club a lot of work, I could not resist not to treat your friends and yourself with new cruise, this time north to Venice - said Rosell. Svaguša President met with Barcelona already late in Trogir, a translator from Spanish was Livaja (right) Fedja Klaric / Getty As things stand, the president of Barcelona and Hajduk, will be available for two days archipelago.
 Sandro Rosell is the president asked for phone numbers, Hajduk and &quot;definitely alcaldea&quot; that is, Mayor, Zeljko Keruma, which also calls for a second visit in Catalonia. Barca to tour Rosell was elected president of Barcelona&#39;s 13th June this year, and that the newspaper published, he found a club in chaos. &quot; Be aware that it certainly helped Rossel Joan Laporta during elections in 2003. But soon because of disagreements with the way the work has withdrawn from the &quot;Junta&quot;. And when he announced his candidacy in the summer of 2008., Ran into fierce opposition from Laporte, who wanted to push their candidates. However, the election was Rosell was supported by 60 percent &quot;aficionados,&quot; means more than the three remaining candidates together, something that never happened in the history of the Catalan club. Rosell While on vacation in the Adriatic, Barca is on tour in the Far East, where he played two games in Seoul (5:2) and Beijing (3:0). Of course, before a sold-out grandstands (cheapest ticket 50, the most expensive 250 euros), for 4.5 million euros plus all costs, plus revenue from sales of jerseys.
 