In the last three years the EBRD has invested in the Croatian tourism around billion - about 140 million euros, but few are likely to again engage in a similar adventure. Site preparation Placed argue that instead of the EBRD in Croatia to turn their capital in Montenegro - hit investment in the Mediterranean. At the Zagreb office of the EBRD have abstained from the explanation of the new investment strategy in Croatia. Announced that Croatia wants to invest in the year 250-300000000 euro, recently entered the Atlantic Group, and Geofoto Eurocable, but pulled the chain from the Adriatic Luxury Hotels, where the lead partner hoteliers Goran Strok. Head of the EBRD office in Zagreb, Zsuzsanna Hargitai said only that the Adriatic luxury hotels had a good season, and the company has continued support from investors. &quot;GSHR considering several strategic partnerships and talking with many interested parties,&quot; said Zs. Hargitai.
 Withdrawal EBRD Strok business has two dimensions. One perspective is Strok&#39;s business empire to take over rival stocks, Luksic group, a second perspective of Croatian tourism in general. EBRD and IFC, which can be said that the most powerful investors, stood behind the Strok&#39;s investments three years ago, but already after a year and a half they began to seek out because they were worried about the profitability of their investments. In domestic circles, you hear that the EBRD is preparing the ground for the sale of its 30-percent stake in Jadranka hotels in Mali Losinj, although the local project is only half way. With the help of EBRD Jadranka was converted hotels in Aurora and Aurora in Losinj and thereby achieve a remarkable result, and the CEO of Sanjay Solic said that at the beginning of November in London should get the green light for the refurbishment of the third hotel, Punta, from September next year . &quot;The program goes its course and there is no indication that the EBRD to withdraw before the end of the project,&quot; said Sanjay Solic.
 Jadranka still invests This should be the earliest 2014th Jadranka dd under contract with the EBRD has a right of first refusal of its shares, but unofficial information that the EBRD has already seeking possible partners for the company Lošinj. The reason is not easy to find a buyer for the hotel business in Croatia. In the process of selling dozens of mostly public hotel companies, which operate on the edge of viability, as well as renowned hotel, which would in another environment, be profitable. Croatian Privatization Fund is or will be announced in the coming days to announce sale of 16 companies in which the state holds a majority or a significant stake. &quot;I am convinced that the state will eventually have to pay someone to get into these companies, and not to expect more and earnings,&quot; says Eduard Andric, President of the catering trade unions, which is concerned about three thousand jobs in companies with state shares. &quot;Do not surprise me because the flight of investors in tourism issues.
 We are not competitive, tax policy is bad, are high commitment to the local community, soaring gross earnings. Fear is the period that lies ahead, &quot;says Eduard Andric. Representatives of the Bank wants to invest in smaller projects tourism authority current events around the EBRD and tourism is not seen as out of the bank from the Croatian, but rather, argue, follows precisely the opposite pattern. &quot;At the last meeting of representatives of the EBRD&#39;s clearly said they are interested in entering into new projects. Indicated that they intend to expand the range of their investments, focusing just on tourism and they said that they want more to go, not only in large projects, but also medium and small. I am confident that the new programs in the Croatian tourism and the announcement from the EBRD and allow new investment cycle. &quot;, Said Tourism Minister Damien Bajs, who do not want to comment on the disposal of the EBRD&#39;s existing equity shares, because it is private investment.
 