&quot;Although in the second quarter continued decline in economic activity, and the rate of 2.5% on annual basis, data published for the third quarter however, suggest that the decline in economic activity at the end. We remain in the forecast decline in economic activity from 1.5% in 2010. And next year we expect a slight recovery and growth of 1.6%, &quot;said chief economist at Bank of Zagreb Goran Saravanja occasion of the publication of UniCredit CEE Quarterly publication for the fourth quarter. &quot;After nearly two years the fall in July retail trade rose 0.7% on annual basis. The abolition of higher rate of tax of solidarity in November will further increase the disposable income. Although industrial production is still a deficit, seasonally adjusted monthly data for July and August still indicate the beginning of recovery, &quot;said Šaravanja. Forecast for inflation in 2010. remains 1.0%, while the average inflation rate in 2011.
 should be 2.5%. I forecast a deficit for the current account deficit remains nepromijenjana (3.7% of GDP) data on imports and exports of goods and the tourist season in line with our expectations Specifically, in the first eight months of this year&#39;s trade deficit has been reduced by one billion euros . &quot;Explained Šaravanja. Given that we expect the weak domestic demand in 2011., We believe that the external current account deficits to maintain a similar level next year. Slower growth in foreign debt, lower external current account deficit and a smaller absolute amount of external debt service in 2011. all point to continued stability and unchanged monetary framework. In this respect it is a big plus and the expected completion of negotiations with the European Union in the first half of 2011. At the same time, the announcement of an even looser monetary politics in the U.S., Japan and probably in the UK would have a positive impact on the mood of investors towards emerging markets and declining spreads in Croatian debt. &quot;Šaravanja said.
 &quot;However, these negotiations will not završtiti by inertia: the government ahead politically and financially difficult decisions in the shipbuilding industry and, among other things, the fulfillment of many criteria in the chapter on the judiciary - even though we expect the conclusion of negotiations with the EU at the end of June 2011., A risk that this term break is not negligible. &quot;Šaravanja said, pointing out the main risks to the economy. &quot;During the summer, the Government has increased expectations that the budget amendment will be an overture to the enhanced implementation of the reforms, but those expectations remained unfulfilled, especially after the withdrawal of pension reform proposals. Therefore, we expect to reduce the budget deficit slowly take place (this year&#39;s consolidated general government deficit seen at 6.5% of GDP in 2011. We expect a slight decline to 6.0% of GDP). The focus this quarter will be the adoption of the budget for 2011. Equally important will be discussions on the draft Law on fiscal responsibility, especially when taking into account that the level of public debt (including any government guarantees) in 2011.
 exceed the upper limit mastrihški criteria for entry into the Eurozone by 60% of GDP. &quot;commented Šaravanja fiscal policy. Further reduction of external imbalances this year with the expectation that Croatia will be next year zabliježiti economic growth and finally to complete negotiations on full membership of the European Union are major advantages when it comes to the mood of investors. Entry into the election year, ie, the postponement of serious reform measures until after the elections and the potential negative effects that the budget deficit are the greatest risks. Do not expect a change in credit rating in the next 12 months.
 