But that is ultimately the nature of the relationship was indeed the dictator, responsible for the suffering of so many millions of people, and his attractive blond companions did not know of any rare elect from their immediate environment, before which one could deny that between Hitler and Eva Braun all the time something simmers more than mere clerical loyalty and friendship based on it. The study details the relationship began, &quot;field&quot; was still Hitler&#39;s life. &quot;Leader&quot; in the morning slept long and late afternoon when they left the bedroom, which is a partition door was associated with Eve&#39;s chambers, and would be deposited saving beds, staff residences curious detail to explore blankets and pillowcases would not deciphered what the night there happened. &quot;We are spying on their beds,&quot; acknowledged the decades before television cameras later director Herbert Berghof Dohring.
 But there are not finding anything, from which the SS Dohring, one of the few officials of the Reich are all aware of the &quot;vođinu&quot; relationship, concluded that the relationship between the dictator and a sensible young woman must have been entirely platonic. He could not meet the Platonic or not, a relationship that is based on long-term isolation and a short letter, which would normally effacing couple exchanged every two days, does not fit Eve&#39;s perceptions about the intensity and passion. &quot;Why must I endure all this?&quot; Mid-thirties he wrote in his diary: &quot;I wish I did not cast an eye on him. I feel totally bad. I need to buy more equipment for sleeping and living in a state resembling sleep. &quot;According to some biographies of passion are still zgodimice razbuktavati knew, at least until 1943. When Eve was in despair recognized Hitler&#39;s favorite Speer:&quot; The leader has just said to find a Second, because on me as a man can no longer meet the &quot;To advise Eva reportedly addressed Hitler&#39;s personal physician Dr.
 Morell, but even that did not know how the &quot;leaders&quot; the desire. On the other hand, the literature biografskoj places they know how to find and anecdotal records, like that of Eve, who, on discovering a photo of former British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain to 1938th in Hitler&#39;s Munich apartment sits on the sofa, burst into laughter and shouted: &quot;If we knew what the history has the sofa!&quot; Beyond fruitless speculation about the lover&#39;s performance of the dictator, who - according to the Russian autopsy and British war evergreens - allegedly had to cope with disabilities endowment only one testicle, the fact is that Hitler was a weakening of political and martial happiness are increasingly looking near his companions. After the fall of Stalingrad 1943rd reportedly said that his only remaining friends of Eva Braun and herding dog Blondie, while after the assassination 1944th uniform torn up in the explosion sent the Berghof as a trophy, which was supposed to show that he is prepared to sacrifice his life for his delusions and without very much counting on Eve.
 Since Eve is due to their unrecognized social role within the Nazi chiefs often known to be a victim of intrigue, their wives, Hitler and the plan vigorously stepped on the ball, after which it will, for example, Emmy Göring, wife, civil aviation minister, to give up further visits alpine residence. In testament to Hitler&#39;s Eva Braun mentioned yet 1938th, immediately after the party, ordering that she be in the event of his death from the Nazi Party funds and paid monthly rent in the amount of 1000 reichsmaraka. He begged her to flee Hitler&#39;s propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels repeatedly noted how &quot;leaders&quot; respected his friend: &quot;Clever girl, that the leader means a lot.&quot; Eva has been involved in planning the construction of Linz as a cultural capital, where the &quot;leader&quot; after the &quot;final victory&quot; wanted to retire. If it were in his and Eva Braun would have survived the &quot;final drop&quot; because it is the last day of the war more than once earnestly asked to leave the besieged Berlin and returned to Bavaria.
 If Hitler about it until the very end said &quot;with great respect and admiration intimate&quot; will confirm and Speer after the collapse of the Reich in the first statement to allied forces. All this is somewhat eroded, and the myth of Eva Braun as a political nezainteresiranoj person, based largely on Speerovim claims to the Berghof in the presence of her husband did not discuss politics, because they, according to biographers, and women of the Nazi inner circle unreserved priklanjale Hitler&#39;s racist-anti-Semitic osvajačkoj program and an aggressive policy. However, the mass killing of Jews was not allowed to speak freely even in the smallest group, it remains unclear to what extent the Eva Braun was informed about it. Clear Contributions thesis Evinoj insight into Hitler&#39;s political decisions and their absolute, totally uncritical support can be found in her photo album, where, among others, stand out and photographs taken 23rd August 1939th
 Hitler&#39;s Foreign Minister Joachim Ribbentrop negotiated on that day in Moscow with Stalin to divide Eastern Europe between Nazi Germany and Soviet Union. Hitler was to the alliance because it was preparing for an attack on Poland. In the pictures you can clearly see how the tension and unrest Ribbentropovih awaiting the outcome of the talks. In a moment of fatal and so far-reaching political developments Eva was with him. His uncompromising loyalty to the German dictator Eva Braun was most vividly demonstrated in March 1945., He went against the will of Hitler in his underground bunker in Berlin would not have loved you from the man suffered a definitive collapse of his rule, and with it its own end. It was not a mere fad, but recently decided to share the fate of Hitler to the end and went with him into death. &quot;We will fight here till the last man&quot;, wrote the 22nd April 1945. a friend: &quot;I will die as I lived.
 I can not think hard. &quot;While the Soviet ring around dangerously tightening government quarters, Adolf Hitler decided to marry a woman with whom he spent 14 years. In light of the circumstances, their wedding took place in a bunker below the garden of the old offices of the State, seems almost tragicomic. Ms. Hitler On the night of the 28th at the 29th April Walter Wagner, the head of the school management and garbage collection in Berlin Pankow fourth, appears on Hitler&#39;s command bunker. Joseph Goebbels declared it registrar. With regard to the new position, and the racial laws, which in the bunker is still valid, Wagner must first determine whether Adolf Hitler and Eva Braun of pure Aryan descent, and not suffering from any kind of hereditary diseases. Only then follows the act of marriage, for which the legality of the signatures guarantee godfathers Goebbels and Martin Bormann. Eva Braun originally signed by the surname, but immediately corrected. &quot;You can calm me oslovljavati with Mrs. Hitler&quot;, he would say later the midst of general chaos of a German officer.
 Hitler believed that the years of struggle &quot;was irresponsible to base a marriage,&quot; the same day, wrote in his personal political testament. Common death, he continued, &quot;we will replace what we have with my work in the service of my people left short.&quot; What would it be, it is impossible to say, because the documents are reliable based on which we could reconstruct the nature of their relationship is almost no . The next day, 30 April 1945., a freshly married couple Adolf Hitler and Eva take you life cijankalija capsules, and in addition, Hitler also shot in the head. Eva Braun, the former clerk, and now, no matter how grotesque it may sound, the first lady of the state on the exhale, it has achieved its goal and it paid for life. According to the orders of Adolf Hitler, who &quot;neither alive nor dead did not want to end up on display at the Russian panopticon&quot; polijevaju their corpses in the garden of the State Office of gasoline and burned. The Soviet occupation of the state parliament building, which was followed at the same time, leads to the inevitable capitulation of Nazi Germany.
 And after its collapse, German, and international public for the first time will officially find out that the supposed life of ascetics and declarative fiancé notarised entire nation, which is its political brutality of Europe for years howling in black, still existed and women.
 