The judicial process in so far the biggest betting scandal uncovered in European football has started the first session of the Earth before the German court in Bochum. Four defendants, including the most notable Nürretin Günay Turkish citizen who is due to extensive testimony is treated like a key witness. Besides Gunay, accused the former German professional footballer Kristian Kićo Sprećaković, Serbian citizen Steven R. and 55-year-old Turk A. Tuna from Mönchengladbach. In an investigative detention is still several suspects, including Croat Ante Sapina from Berlin and Mary C. from Nuremberg, and 39-year-old Slovene, Dragan M. is suspected of being implicated in match fixing and German professional judge Cetin Sevinc. On the basis of available documents, the state attorney&#39;s office in Bochum, and reviewed records of telephone conversations and communications between the suspects in a betting scandal, German media have reconstructed the course of events the week of 24
 June to 3rd July 2009., in which he allegedly manipulated with five matches, always with the participation of NK Travnik. The main protagonists in the reconstruction of frame-ups during the preparatory tour of Travnik in Switzerland were allegedly Mary C., Ante Sapina, M. Dragan and Dejan A. 24th June 2009. Travnik - Young Boys Bern 0-5 Mary C. personally came to the match. He is convinced that it will be better able to influence the course of the meeting which will weigh the strength of the Bosnian-Herzegovinian prvoligaš NK Travnik and Young Boys of Berne. Mary C. wants to be sure that the Travnik lose that match, as it would bring substantial gains to the bookmaker. His plan in the coming week is very ambitious. Around 300 000 euros will be to make the team from Travnik, which is located on a small tour of preparatory matches in Switzerland. Mary C. called his contact person Tunu A. who convinces him that the whole team Travnik familiar with the plan to manipulate.
 &quot;You have to use exactly eleven o&#39;clock workers,&quot; said he was literally in a telephone conversation that was played back by the Bochum Attorney&#39;s Office. Total, in fact, in the last week of June 2009. played back and viewed 186 telephone calls and text messages. Mary C. has agreed to coach Nedžad Selimovic to sit beside him on the bench and Travnik in the first half performances of the strongest band of Travnik to meet, if possible, stay as long as the egal. In the course of the day appear first problem: the coefficients are changing. Obviously someone has heard of the possibility of manipulation and also invested money on the game Travnik - Young Boys. However, Mary C. has a ready solution, and changing their tactics. Now he wants to place live bets. Only after the meeting began, invests money on alterations. The plan goes like this: after halftime Travnik has to come in behind three goals difference.
 After the 77th Mary C. minute to call the Berlin Croat Ante Sapina to this with another agent in London, invested money in the Swiss fourth goal. As soon as the bet is placed, Sapina will call the Mary C. and he will give a signal Travnik players on the field that can accommodate another goal. The plan is perfect. However, in the end turns out to be a meeting of Travnik and Young Boys was not introduced in a bid to bet live. The whole effort was, therefore, futile. The first day was not a happy day for Mary C. and his associates ... 26 June 2009. Travnik - Sion 1:4 Today, Mary C., in collaboration with their agents Dragan M. wants to invest 70 000 euros by two betting in Asia. Mary C. remembered special tactics. To raise the odds of winning Zion, you will make five thousand euros to win Travnik. Only after you move the odds, discovers a friend in a telephone interview, China will invest money in the right place.
 By the way investigators learn that Mary C. Obviously izrežirao and financed the entire tour of Travnik in Switzerland. He says that it is all together cost around 50 000 euros, and the players should castrate another additional premium. Shortly after Dragan M. Mary C. inform the supplier in Asia placed a bet of 50 000 euros and that the later plans another such bet. With Sapina Mary C. analyze the situation in other pools. Sapina sitting in Germany and placed bets as directed by Mary C. Mary C. SMS it appears that now the game is not a handicap. Sapina immediately called his associate Eric H. London. In the shortest period of time to invest hundreds of thousands of euros. The plan this time reads as follows: Mary C. while controlling the team from Travnik, his friend Dejan A. by coach influence the players FC Sion. Dejan A. telephone, namely, that there will come earlier in the match to the coach explained what to do.
 Zion coach Didier Tholot for the Swiss media later said that he had not contacted anyone. However, Mary C. Travnichani will fix it for half an hour to play their best and opportunities driven by one goal. In the second half the best players will sit on the bench and Travnik must receive at least four goals. The plan succeeds: profit is around 90 000 euros through Sapina and 80 000 euros through Dragana M. 27th June 2009. Travnik - Winterthur 1:7 shortly before the first whistle of referee Šapina called Mary C., and asks how to place bets. Mary C. first wants to wait that the game is developed. Sapina sent him a text message: &quot;It is for such situations and have them paid. Let him squeeze your teeth and how to solve everything. &quot; Mary C. Sapina appears and tells him that he was told in the 79th minute. Sapina at that time ordered by Erica H. bets amounting to 40 000 euros. Seconds before the end of the meeting Winterthur scores seventh goal.
 Sapina congratulates Mary C. to gain at least 82 000 euros. In an interview with Dejan A., Mary C. was later confirmed that in half with goalkeeper Travnik arranged to receive at least three goals, which is what happened. It is particularly striking that the last goal of Winterthur fell just one minute after Sapina received confirmation from London on a received bet. 1st July 2009th, Travnik - Grasshoppers 2:3 Mary C. is on its way. Published with Sapina in Nuremberg, where he was making 30 000 euros to pay for hotel costs NK Travnik. Mary C. Sapina appears to put a bet on it to fall five goals in a game with Grasshoppers. In the last ten minutes of the meeting the team from Travnik everything must be resolved. Then they will be placed bets, but will be required to pay six thousand euro players. Goalkeeper and another player at the worst own goal are willing to provide the necessary amount of goals in the match. Mary C.
 has agreed to coach the second half only to send young players (&quot;Children&quot;) on the ground. When only a few minutes before the end of the meeting is still missing one hit for the correct calculation, Mary C. calms Ante Sapina: &quot;If necessary, we will play combination. One player will return the ball to the goalkeeper, but this would miss the ball into the net. &quot; Sapina called London and ask for the odds. Even during his conversation agent acknowledges receipt of the role of 40 000 euros. Another 20 000 euros invested in the winning bettors Xamax. Two minutes later, Mary C. Sapina appears that Xamax came to leadership, which brings at least 52 400 euros to get. At 21:23 Šapina wishes to inform you that it was a &quot;normal hit:&quot;. Mary C. Xamax him that even without the help of &quot;one hundred years&quot; would not have scored. 3rd July 2009th, Servette - Travnik 1:3 During the days Sapina and Mary C. agree tactics for the match with Servette Geneva.
 Mary C. proposing players pay about four to five thousand euros for the last match on tour. Sapina agrees. But during the match, bettors know that the Geneva meeting and Travnik not offer Asian betting. Coach Travnichani 4th July is Mary C. appears to have reached a good home. A week passed the manipulation of bettors around 300 000 euros to get. However, investigators assume that the suspects placed a few bets via the internet and thus further increased their profits. EDI ZELIĆ suspect matches Zadar - Hajduk 0-3 have been discovered and the details about the individual matches. Thus, the largest amount, 60 000 euros, the judge received the qualification matches for Euro U-21 between Switzerland and Georgia. Individually to the charges, if convicted, the defendants could get up to ten years in prison. The Prosecutor&#39;s Office has a large body of evidence from written and electronic documents to the acknowledgment of some of the suspects and witnesses.
 It is particularly interesting that among the 32 contested matches and it is located between Zadar and Hajduk, played 26th April 2009. Split then celebrated with a convincing 3-0. (SN)
 