Author: Morning Sheet Posted: 07/17/2010 The airport of Split is the largest in the region and the second most important in the country, and it landed and the airplanes at the international lines of the Central Dalmatia, from year to year is better connected to the rest of the Croatian (and thus Europe ) roads, and railways, sea and air. Aircraft and ships, of course, at the height of tourist season, are more common than outside it. RELATED NEWS News Aircraft central airport in central Dalmatia, also second in the country, the Airport Split Airport, located 25 kilometers from the city center, in Resnik near Trogir. The national airline company Croatia Airlines currently flies direct from her home to three locations - Dubrovnik, Osijek and Zagreb (cheapest price flight in one direction on these lines is currently around 300 million), and once a week flying from Zagreb and the other central international airport , one in Bol.
 + Info Plus since the beginning of April to mid-October, flying to Split and many foreign companies, including the Airline, Scandinavian, Malev and low-budget EasyJet and Ryanair, so the central Dalmatia during the summer air line very well connected with almost all major European airports. All bus travel destinations of Middle Dalmatia great many are linked by bus to other places in the region and the rest of the Croatian. The cheapest ticket on the route Zagreb - Split costs around 180 kuna, and split the direct line is connected to Trieste, Ljubljana, and many more distant European destinations. By car from central Dalmatia is a larger part of Croatian most practical to reach by car. For example, from Zagreb to Split the simplest, quickest and shortest route is certainly one through Karlovac and Bosiljevo Dalmatina highway, but there are many alternative ways that many travelers use the savings or the crowd.
 Those who care about each coin, from Zagreb can take the old road Karlovac, Karlovac, and then across the old road D1 Slunj, the Plitvice Lakes and through Korenica, Gracac and Knin. Those who want to enjoy the scenery through, to be over Pisarovina Karlovac, Karlovac and after Julian over Josipdol, Otocac, Gospic, Gracac, Drnis and Klis. Both times were longer than the time Dalmatine, but saving money is considerable. Residents of northern roman-tske, however, these trends can be connected via Zagreb, but they are interesting and a shortcut to split the BIH. Boat Sea is the central Dalmatia, Split or, by regular ferry lines to Rijeka and Dubrovnik, a departure from it, and several international katamaranskih and ferries. Una-tar region between them is even better so it is not by chance that the largest ferry port of Split of the Croatian part of Adriatic. Train Central Dalmatia stripe over Drnis and Knin connected with the rest of the train network in Croatia and Bosnia.
 The railway is at Perkovic branches in two directions: one branch leads to Sibenik to Split second. + Info Šibenik plus the regular daily direct rail lines connected to Knin, Perkovic and Zagreb, and Split with Perkovic, Zagreb, Osijek and Vinkovci. From Split to Vinkovci drives a 12 and a half hours, a ticket costs 253 kuna. As the region best way to move through the region on four wheels, combined with the ferry and shipping lines. Planning a trip All times on two or four wheels, and their cost is best to plan with the help of online interactive maps on the website HAK (map.hak. Hr) Telephone (01) 464 08 00 - Automobile Club of useful information about conditions roads (as in roads, forecast, fuel prices, tolls ..) 1987 - HAK roadside assistance, for assistance in the event the vehicle, its on-site repair or removal from the scene of an accident (within 200 km).
 By the end of the year to use the old number 987, which is completely abolished until 1 January 2011. 0800 0111 - info phone ARZ the highway Zagreb - Split - Bosiljevo (-Rijeka) 0800 0422 - info phone Croatian Motorways of the Bosiljevo - Split Number of recommendations: 0 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 