The houses were shaking, windows smashed, and people jumped in panic from buildings to escape from two devastating earthquakes measuring over 5 on the Richter scale. Earthquakes shook the Balkans in the night from Tuesday to Wednesday, where the central Serbia by the end of the continent in ancient Turkey, and around 16:15 an earthquake shook and Zagreb. Tremors hundreds of people banished to the streets. In Belgrade, a young man in a panic threw the first floor, the king&#39;s own house killed the elderly couple, and for that reason the Turks spent the night on the streets. Who can escape into the wild, with her grandmother, the cottages, away from cities and their deadly buildings built by who knows what kind of outdated regulations. An earthquake measuring 3.2 on the Richter scale shook a little after 16 hours the area around the village Klinča, Pavučnjak and Lower Zdenčina, confirmed the duty seismologist Ivica Sovic. Tremors felt that the inhabitants of the western part of Zagreb.
 National Protection and Rescue reports that it has received a large number of calls from concerned citizens. The epicenter of 30 km under Serbia in two hours in the night from Central Serbia is not what an earthquake shook the entire decade was recorded in that country. The strongest hit surroundings of Kings, where hundreds of people injured and an elderly couple was killed under the rubble when they matched their own houses. Destructive waves are not only stood on the king - they extend further, causing panic in Belgrade, Vojvodina, awakening, and continue to Skopje and Bosnia and Herzegovina. All the teams of the world recorded the earthquake and estimated it at 5.4 on the Richter scale and epicenter placing more than 30 kilometers into the bowels of the earth. But this was not the end because they later reported four more earthquakes weaker. These were really only 2.2 on the Richter scale - small change compared with the first wave of devastating. Services are immediately reacted to the emergency by the Mayor of Kings Ljubisa Simovic.
 And he had no choice because the water in the area became nepitka, the local hospital was left without the operating room, material loss is big, the streets are covered with tiles and broken glass, no phone ... The Turks fled to the streets and just when he thought how he finally came all over the news that Turkey is two hours after Serbia earthquake struck almost the same intensity. As in Serbia, people are panicking out of their homes, especially those living on higher floors, and many of them did not return all night until they were fully convinced that the ground will not shake. Turkey, unlike Serbia, accustomed to earthquakes because it lies on the highly unstable region, but immediately appeared Dire voices in the Balkans threatened series of violent earthquakes. Experts argue that it does not, confident in saying that between these two events there is no connection.
 