&quot;Shut up and do not write! Be smart! Be smart! Be smart! &quot;. These sentences, unijevši him in person before the members of its board and CROATIJA insurance, Damir Mihanović uttered Deputy Prime Minister Ivan Suker after the former board member and USKOK&#39;s Witness meeting in the Government, where the PM and arrested Barisic asked the directors of public companies collaborate with FIMI media, Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor sent e-mail in which he warned of irregularities in CROATIJA insurance. I have not been in contact This is the BBC News confirmed I Damir Mihanović and thus, the day after the HTV said that USKOK due to pressure applied an active member of the Government, admitted that it is a minister said. Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance on Saturday declined to comment Mihanović claims, but the day before said that pressuring Mihanovića has nothing to do with him and that was never in touch.
 Suker&#39;s turn as President of the Supervisory Board CROATIJA insurance on behalf of the Government of the 22nd February 2010. The NO-session and was signed by Damir Mihanovića dismissal from the post of board member and co. The transcript of the session, which was held Vecernji list, writes that the President NO-Suker gave a remark on the lack of information on the NO-Problems in Croatia Insurance Group, as well as appearances in the media Hrvoje Vojkovic, then chairman, and Damir Mihanovića, board member, thereby harmed CROATIJA insurance. Mihanović claims that his only statement in the media or television testimony of the now known to everyone in the Government meeting 2007th year, thanks to his testimony USKOK of the meeting, opened the biggest corruption scandal in Croatia, which was discovered crime at the top of the Government and the CDU and for which they were arrested Mladen Barisic, former treasurer of the CDU and the head of Customs and his lover Nevenka Jurak, head Fimi media.
 That Suker&#39;s comments referred to in the record suggests that one reason Mihanović shifts and having spoken about the affair with FIMI medium. It is however in stark contrast with the Government&#39;s anti-corruption programs in which states that all persons who reported corruption or informed about it need to be protected! It is very significant and that the government ordered the removal Mihanovićeva less than a month after the USKOK testified about the famous meeting of the directors of public companies with Sanader and Barisic. Besides NO-president of insurance and CROATIJA Suker, at a meeting at which he was removed Mihanović was Suker and Deputy Hebrang and other members of the NO, but i Hrvoje Vojkovic Mihanović and I, as a member of the administration Silvana Ivancic. Apparently the government decided to dismiss Mihanovića after she filed a report to the minister on the operations CROATIJA insurance, but it is unknown what the minister said in the report.
 Being in USKOK testified 25th January, and on 22 February is removed, Mihanović got the impression that it has become an unwelcome after he spoke about the biggest corruption scandal in Croatia. His conviction about further confirmed the cancellation on 15 July was the CROATIJA insurance. In fact, after he relieved from the post of board member and co-Damir Mihanovic, in accordance with the contract of employment which had been signed with this company, should be transferred to his old position of executive director for Dalmatia. For sick leave Nevertheless, Suker he claims Mihanovic, offering job six steps below, ie the place of clerk to the accident. Mihanović not accept, and with the approval of the administration goes to the scientific development because it wants a PhD, but also opens up sick because of stress and sick leave gets fired. Because of all Mihanović intends to start working and the legal process against CROATIJA insurance.
 On the other hand, only one of 20 directors from the meeting in the Government 2007th The investigators, who decided to speak out about it. All others, as we found out, claiming they did not remember what was discussed at that meeting. Also, one should remember that the administration dismissed Mihanović bundled with former boss and co-Hrvoje Vojkovic. Then develop a story that Vojković Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor through a third party threatened to tell all he knows if it is touching. He soon learned that it was Mihanović who is someone from the office of Prime Minister Kosor Vojković quoted words, and these people were transferred to the presidents of the Government. Tom you&#39;re a threat Vojković sealed the fate and HSLS as soon expelled from the party to a quarrel with President Darinko Kosor, but also CROATIJA Insurance where he was succeeded by Chris Zrinušić. In addition to the shift, the carpet was the company&#39;s business BBC News published facsimiles of the minutes of the meeting of the Supervisory Board CROATIJA insurance of 22
 February from which it is clear that Mihanović criticized as publicly stepped forward to meeting the Government 2007th year. Besides Mihanović and Vojkovic shifts at the session of the Supervisory Board discussed the report on co-operation in 2009. year and the company&#39;s business plans in 2010. Although listed in the minutes of Suker&#39;s remark about Mihanovićeva Vojkovićevim and media appearances, and gives the impression that Mihanović fired because he spoke about corruption, the Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor says Mihanovic not recalled because of media appearances. She through her spokeswoman Martine Banic says that Damian Mihanović dismissed because of other things and that the Government continue to call all those who have knowledge about corruption and crime, let them apply to the competent authorities. And Minister Suker has a mail in which he threatened Mihanović? Although Minister Ivan Suker on Saturday refused to comment on Mihanović accusations that he was pressing some do not speak about the irregularities in the CO-in of resources from the Government tells us that he does not communicate with Mihanovic for eight months.
 Also, our source claims that the Minister Suker has an e-mail in which he threatened Mihanović. Suker, as we have learned, does not want to deal with Mihanovic, a day before yesterday said he had nothing to do with the pressures on the former board member CROATIJA insurance. He said that with him was never contacted. Kosor: I do not know why the sacked Damien Mihanović insurance in Croatia, &quot;I do not know why he was removed.&quot; This is what Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor said the question of why Damien Mihanović lost functions of the Supervisory Board CROATIJA insurance when he warned the corruptive affairs. Kosor, who first called for a great law that protects the whistleblowers, was nothing more eloquent, even when she explained that the Board dismiss Mihanovića CROATIJA insurance to the government. Instead of a concrete response, Kosor reiterated by who knows which way to go to, to fight against corruption was consistent, it should ensure the independence of the institutions, and State Attorney&#39;s Office and the police, and to call all the other political parties should not try to stop the fight corruption when it comes to their door.
 