I deeply regret that the Republic of Croatia and its policy in the 90-ies of the last century contributed to the suffering of people and divisions that plague us today, &quot;said Croatian President Ivo Josipovic to be so in Sarajevo on Wednesday apologized for Croatian participation in politics, which is 90 - the last century trying to divide Bosnia and Herzegovina. In a speech to lawmakers of both houses of Parliament Josipović expressed condolences to all victims of the recent war in BiH, adding that any loss of life lost for all. He said so on Thursday and personally in Ahmici and Krizancevo village to pay homage to the victims &quot;whose only sin is that they were second and different&quot;. - Just right and justice, we can cleanse our people from harm and mutual blame for abuses and ensure that evil will never happen again. Policies from the 90-ies from ignorance, or folly malignancy believed that the solution for BiH and its division in this, but in their own countries sowed the seeds ominously, a quarreling nations are harvested death, war and destruction - said the Croatian president.
 Josipovic said that the common European future of the best solution. Confirmed that the Croatian case, which is Josipović he believes he will soon join the European Union, but added that the European path for Croatia is not complete until they are in the Union and other countries in the region. Josipovic was offered a partnership Croatian BiH on its path towards Euro-Atlantic integration. - The European BiH vital national interest of the Croatian - Josipovic said, where the invited politicians in BiH to EU membership and treat them as a vital national interest of the citizens and offer a partnership for Europe. He noted that the three peoples in Bosnia must find a common formula and that life for them they can not decide, but can help if requested to do so. Croatia, according Josipovic words, extremely interested in the success of the negotiations on constitutional changes in Bosnia, the sooner you have an obligation to take care of Croats who live in it, and whose number is halved in the last war.
 &quot;BiH is possible if a true community of equal peoples, states that will be home to every individual,&quot; said Josipovic. BiH Presidency Chairman Haris Silajdzic expressed his gratitude for the support Josipoviću Croatian BiH, stressing that it was time to finally start addressing outstanding issues in relations between the two countries, noting the unresolved issue of boundaries, &quot;especially at sea, property rights and the status of Ploce port. Zdravko Soldić-arar Špirić got angry Chairman of the Council of Ministers Nikola Spiric on Wednesday, suddenly, through the news agency SRNA, canceled a planned meeting and working lunch with Croatian President Josipovic. The reason is that the Croatian president has decided to lay a wreath at the Monument to the children of Sarajevo who died during the siege of Serbian shelling and sniper fire. Spiric expressed his disapproval of the Croatian President on this occasion will visit the Serbian victims of execution stating that &quot;the Serbs Josipoviću only honorary vice machine.
 Spiric said that Josipovic could pay tribute to Serbian victims in Dobrovoljacka street in Sarajevo, where he usually killed seven members of the JNA barracks until they were leaving. However, among more than a thousand children of Sarajevo killed a large number of them is of Serbian nationality. ZSA
 