ZAGREB - Participating in the Sunday at the traditional party Bundeku Chestnut Festival in Zagreb, the president of the HDZ and the Government Kosor jetumačenja refused to return to Ivo Sanader, the Croatian Parliament &quot;hot chestnuts for the HDZ,&quot; stressing that the government and ruling coalition certainly have a majority in parliament . Again he said that the request to the Government a vote of no confidence in a joint action between Sanader and SDP. &quot;I have nothing to add, after the SDP came out with its initiative on the same day when the new agent triggered a mandate. It is certainly an action that wants to destabilize the government and the HDZ,&quot; said Kosor, saying that &quot;it will not happen for several reasons &quot;. She stressed that the HDZ is ready for a discussion of trust and the Government had &quot;no intention each day to answer questions about the return of someone who has gone&quot;. &quot;It makes no sense. I have to daily deal with large and important issues, on which depend many in Croatia and concentrate on that and not about what someone has gone at the time of enormous crisis, and did not explain to anyone of us why it happened,&quot; Kosor said, adding that they will soon find out that the government will do in the future, &quot;in the wake of announcements that were recently put forward.&quot;
 &quot;The situation is more than good. We have a really stable party, and the scuttlebutt about who is and who is not a sleeper for sure without foundation. The government and ruling coalition certainly have a majority in the Croatian parliament,&quot; said the premier. She pointed out that the HDZ Croatian interests above narrow party interests and that the most important processes in progress - the completion of negotiations with the European Union (EU), the struggle for economic recovery and fight against corruption. Kosor added that it was &quot;understandable that some are saying that they are democratic processes&quot; and stressed that the government is going to end the work on these three pillars of its programs. Otherwise, the former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader said on Friday he was back in the parliamentary benches said that he was to return to politics &quot;made an incredible democratic development.&quot; The Prime Minister did not want to explain Saturday&#39;s meeting with his Slovenian counterpart, Borut Pahor, and said the meeting was &quot;in the wake of excellent decisions regarding the continuation of negotiations with the EU, which are separated from solving the border issue.&quot;
 &quot;With great confidence we look for November and the closure of three new chapters and our conversations in this context,&quot; said Kosor. Learn more about all of the video clip.
 