Split high schools have raised the threshold for entry of at least 52-59 points, and dashing them lumens with 60 points with no chance to enroll in the desired school because of limited entry quotas write Diana Barbaric jure jerić, Miles Budimir recorded nikša stipaničev and Nikola fork / Getty Is it possible that our Osmaši really that smart or are released fives in their certificates still a bit far-fetched? Rather, it is exactly this thing, agree many educators in a row after this hot summer enrollment period in secondary schools reached a large number of pupils with a maximum of 60 points. O to what the &quot;epidemic&quot; odlikaša word, just the fact that the city of Split has Osmaši 2103 and that they have little place in Split 890 high schools, which enroll only odlikaše, and some of them only with all grades! Translated every second Osmaši passed with honors, or at least has fives for important items. Not so long ago, the same team osmoljetkama only every fifth student passed with honors, but everything is being radically changed, so no wonder the rage of many students and their parents who say they now complain they themselves are not &quot;wire&quot; ratings, when due to a or two quads can not enroll in high school preferred.
 Extensive survey director of Split School, just before the official end of the first round of enrollment we found that in six public gymnasium in Split scoring threshold for entry of at least 52, as requested in the second school, to frapantnih 59 points, what is the lower limit in the prestigious third Natural-mathematical school, but in the first high school. - We will ask the Ministry of Education to approve increasing our classes from 28 to 30 students so that we can enter all pupils with 59 points - says Mirjana Matijevic, Director of 3rd gymnasium, in which the number of such genius could increase from a planned 168 in the 180 The condition will clear up quickly and she admits she was surprised a large number of students with the maximum number of points that have flocked to the gymnasium, but also better vocational schools, such as health and electrical. - Already in the first half we will see who the real odlikaši.
 It seems to me that some form of external assessment in primary schools, such as national exams in the eighth grade, he could purge the real objective odlikaše - holds Matijevic. At the door of her school did not come to those who had two quads, there were no chances for them ... It was similar elsewhere. - On Monday up to 10 hours, we filled all the seats for the language program, and the final borders of the 59 points. Even then, we instructed students to go elsewhere so as not to lose the opportunity to sign up for first time - said Mario Puljiz, director of the First High School. - Dita odlikaš me from first to eighth and has sufficient points for entry into high school. Is this normal? - Asks the door gymnasium Vladimir V. Nazora Neda Matthias, mother Osmaši. Normal? The threshold for entry into the &quot;Nazora is 57 points, all those who had a four over - you do not have to wait, it will not enter. The situation in neighboring IV.
 High School Marulić even drastic, there is a threshold for entry 58 points ... - I&#39;ll tell you that we are in four class sections, each with 28 students, all enrolled in a row with 60 or more points! In the remaining two may be entered one that has 59 or 58 points, and it&#39;s one or two quads, explains director Bogoslav Bilic. Where such attacks odlikaša, we wonder, as if &quot;Peje&quot; share in the primary hand and a cap? Unrealistic images - I believe that things will eventually lead to red - Peacefully director, referring to the need to introduce a small graduation exam, which would eventually elementary education, gave a clear indication of how much actual knowledge of future high school. S agrees psychologist Nicholas Udovicic. - Picture is not real! Everything is moved up, scored and behavior, and whether this is the best solution, I do not know - says the psychologist. Josip Babic came to be enrolled in Law School, accompanied by his father Zeljko, and previously was in the First Grammar School, but there it is a shared point of enrollment limits.
 As she says her father, this is the case ruled instead. - Every day is a changed opinion, the first or second, girlfriends are mutually arranged so that in the end it turned out the best possible - says Zeljko. - And a friend from elementary to go second, so I already have a team, a school has not even begun - says Joseph, who need not fear because in the high school lower limit was 52 points. While parents and children to surrender documents, English and German in high school V. Anton Benzon-Saric says to us that during the first semester, she knows who she sat in a pew and how their fives &quot;solid&quot;. - Every year we have more odlikaša, is it really, I&#39;m not quite sure - says a professor. - Schools have different criteria, and, unfortunately, do not enroll those children who have greater potential - adds her colleague Irina Padovan. Large crowds typos happy director of &quot;Nazora&quot; smith Baric.
 - Only 25 percent odlikaši remain enrolled until graduation. This is the reality - the hard Baric. One ŠIBENIK punat it crashed in the first four grades of high school guidance Sibenik Anthony Vrančić - in general, Science and Mathematics, language and high school - will be enrolled 168, and repeat up to 170 students. Score threshold is 50 points, however ... - I&#39;ll tell you the example of the general high school: it was reported about 70 children, at this time received 58 and 58 all have 60 points from &quot;above&quot;, ie, enrolled students with at least 60 points! If there is a child with a 61 point - and there&#39;s still time for it - someone will come off with 60 points and it is a new selection - says director Anthony High School in Sibenik Vrančić Ivanica Belamarić. In Sibenik is the gymnasium apparently gone far beyond the threshold of the default. This school is the only pure grammar school in the county and national scale - especially after the results of enrollment in college - enjoy high &quot;rating&quot;.
 Those who enroll in Sibenik high school enrollment is based on only one: knowledge and evaluations, and success in competitions in or knowledge of the sport. Confirmation of that school simply can not go, and regardless of the fact that everyone has the right to complain to the Ministry, it has not happened. Both parents finally realize that the most correct decisions for the child enters high school Antun Vrančića based on assessments of knowledge, and - based on knowledge. Jordanka Grubač DUBROVNIK I&#39;m afraid I&#39;ll izvisiti Although Tuesday was still going on enrollment in secondary schools, in Dubrovnik&#39;s gymnasium, but it was clear that for a large number of applicants odlikaša this year will be no place in it. Because of inflation, &quot;superodlikaša, many students who have crossed the threshold score of this school of 56 or 57 points, depending on the orientation, on Tuesday whether to sit waiting in the gymnasium benches. - The entry threshold is 56 points, and I would have 59, but a little uneasy because I&#39;m not sure whether I will be enrolled in high school - says Marina Jelic, who with great success recently &quot;come out&quot; from the Primary School Lapad.
 - I thought about another school other than the classical or high school, where, as I hear, like, but first I&#39;ll wait for the results and will not withdraw the document - says Marin. By Tuesday at noon in Dubrovnik from high school but was two hundred applications were received, respectively odlikaša, some of which will be the only places them 120th - So far we have received 52 applications for language and 41 for mathematical orientation, where they were received by 28 students, and 101 for the gymnasium, where the predicted 84 seats - said high school teacher Dubrovnik Strawberry Djurovic, and notes that this year in that school will open a sports orientation. Anet Franić ZADAR too weak with 56 points and 14-year-old mother of Hrvoje from Zemunik, Vesna, Tuesday about 13 o&#39;clock she came to raise his high school paper from Zadar George Barakovića. Her son, a student who has completed two classes with great success, it can not be enrolled in high school, although this has 56 points, ten more than the Ministry as a prescribed threshold for entry into high school.
 Despite the desire to continue their education in Barakovića &quot;because of hyperinflation odlikaša with an average of 5.0. Hrvoje no chance to fall and will seek its place in &quot;Vladimir Nazora&quot; where is the threshold for entry of 55 points. His mother Vesna believes that it is not fair, nor realistic. In high school, &quot;George Barakovića&quot; but the first day of registration is filled all 112 seats in the general and the Natural Sciences Division. The mean score of students enrolled is exactly 60, then all the fives! The most popular high school &quot;George Barakovića&quot;, &quot;Vladimir Nazora&quot; and &quot;Francis Petica&quot;, followed by medical school that all three grades failed to fill the first day of registration. From professional hit this year has generated interest among students PLINOINSTALATER for which the labor market will soon rule the great interest due to the arrival of gasification of Dalmatia. ANA VUČETIĆ ŠKRBIĆ Medicinar hurt the head of the trouble odlikaši Those who failed to secure a place in one of the school&#39;s gymnasium looking for the bench most of the medical school in Split, where the five-year program for nurses, technicians and general health care, the 84 available places were Even registered 185 candidates, while the lowest scoring threshold for the interest of the pharmaceutical technician, where she receives 48 student, was higher 57 points! - The biggest rush of which we noted in our school work was just this year - said the director of the Medical School Mirjana Kurtović.
 Lerinc: Wrong Ljilja Vokic Lerinc Michael, a professor of mathematics in high school &quot;Braca Radic&quot; from the castle and county trade union representative employed in secondary schools, goes a step further and to unrealistically large number of criminal odlikaša valid Regulation on the assessment that in 1995. introduced the then Education Minister Ljiljana Vokic. - This Ordinance provided that it shall not enter grade students if they receive more than half a unit. Furthermore, any changes that have since introduced the Ordinance went up: children are seen through his fingers, his parents were exaggerated in its vanity, and teachers are underestimated. The authority of teachers has been destroyed ... My four fives is stronger than yours - we know from experience that parents of elementary school, knowing the score when you enroll in high school, put pressure on teachers. We are aware that one&#39;s a lot of Four &quot;stronger&quot; than one&#39;s Petition - tells us the teacher Irma Soldo, who, V.
 taught high school English and German. Her colleague Paul Anterić holds for possible introduction of small mature resolved the whole Gordian knot, but also removed the big burden from the back of elementary school teachers, because it would, he claims, saw the true situation. Pune and expensive private high school Despite no cheap fees of about 3000 euros in five private gymnasium in Split &quot;Queen Jelena,&quot; &quot;Pythagoras&quot;, &quot;Ars Animale&quot;, &quot;Leonardo da Vinci&quot; and &quot;Dominis&quot; was quite concerned. All schools together received 50-odd students. Prospective high school students must have more than 46 points, what is the legal minimum for high schools and talk with the whole family is an integral part of the application. In the &quot;Pythagoras&quot; boast that they have received all interested candidates, but only 18 of them who have undergone additional checks from the Croatian and English, and IQ tests and personality. Vanina Mom: Others I shared fives and fist-capped Outside Zivkovic for entry into Split Gymnasium was not enough to 56 points.
 - Never wire nisan review, and here I am, di san now? Iman completed the music school, exemplary conduct, and four fours - Jada us Vana. Her mother Lydia works in education, shared, he says, fives and fist and a cap, but your child did not want to pray. - I see it as a professor of mathematics and physics, and because of that dream I entered high school - tells us Matthias Antonio, which says that from her elementary school Manus quads stronger and better than half the five who arrived at the entry ... Numbers 2103 - Osmaši Split 890 - places in secondary schools
 