Split-known designer, married and a business couple Mario and Anita Galic and their children Sebastian and Mari Gala literally enjoy the verse &quot;With Ponistre see Solta. With more than ten meters long balcony in all those lovely sunny days Split thick in view of the roofs of old buildings and gardens that stretch ahead of them, deep to the island, and even their home Solta. Heat - the first is to overcome the impression that you have on the front door of their apartment at the edge of the city center, in which they moved three years ago. Anita and Maria Galic thoroughly it was, say, reconstructed, wanting to lounge, dining room and kitchen linked to the sunny balcony. After a rough work on the order came fine things, in which Anita and Mario gave imagination and skill of the creator&#39;s will. The result is a beautiful apartment in the old Gospodska home, where are your favorite Bordeaux, is put on a combination of ancient and modern.
 In antiquity, they say, they both really enjoy. - I love old fashioned elegant dresser, never enough of them, which is why the great, the wedding room, found a small, mini chest of drawers, which the market does not find often. With this very attractive part of the furniture comes to us, and your favorite antique cabinets, plain or with carvings, marquetry ... Some are arranging themselves, lakirali, while others put the glass on the fronts and turn them into cabinets that keep our favorite things, things that we bring to the travel, books ... Recently, we started to deal with painting, so that the walls, along with other authors, are equal and our dancers, mademoiselle, and landscapes - saying completely synchronized Anita and Mario. Their double bedroom is a place where you can stay for quite a while due to a number of details that attract attention. Male Medjugorje škropilice on the walls, each associated with your visits to the shrine, a beautiful old chairs, luxurious lamps, large modern mirror that is perfectly linked with antique furniture and Anitin hats, necklaces and shoes, arrived fresh from London&#39;s shopping, the first time fully exposed breathe in the open ...
 All this requires time for review. In a similar style furnishings and a central room, large living room, in which the lover of dolls, lady, dance shoes and mini bags came into their own. Anita and Mario are great collectors of anything that smells like fashion, the show and its permanent exhibition home. Children&#39;s empire - I love this apartment, and we are proud of the fact that in it, with the former owners, often visited their home and friends Vesna Parun. We like to blend different styles, so we are always so enthusiastic view of the Hvar&#39;s old lavaman the cupboard, which are matched with modern red table and sofa in the living room. Is this a pleasant ambience, complete with various figurines, precious details and, for example, a crystal chandelier from a regular store, which was revived Anita beads drawn from the old red chains - are supplemented by Anita and Mario. With blagovanicu lies and yellow retro kitchen in which they are perfectly fit the old ceramic plates on the walls and large containers for flowers.
 It runs as a prelude to another part of the apartment, the realm of their children, who have opted for a modern teen style. Although it is seen from their windows Vukovarska Street, one of the city&#39;s lifeblood, the apartment does have Galić of complete peace. People think that in such dwellings can not live from the noise, and behold, we are living proof that it can stay in the city center and literally have the peace of God - they say Mario and Anita Galic. Tanja Šimundic BENDIĆ BABIĆ Jadran Photo / Getty
 