Is Southeastern Europe (former Yugoslavia minus Slovenia plus Albania) as a region that still manages umješteni subject of geopolitical power (the international community in a variety of modalities) future? If we decide to only and only on the acceptance of historical causality, the response was more negative than positive. But is it not right when Wittgenstein absolutization causation are treated as mere superstition? Even the idea of Europe, not to speak of its institutions as a practical human purpose, openly collapsed if the causality was the measure of all things, and when there would be moderate diskontinuitizma in the history of philosophy and social sciences and in politics. A result of this discontinuity is foresight of European genius who, after World War II, opposed the laws of historical causality. In front of the Balkan genius is similar to the task: after the last war to get rid of negative causation.
 But how? A possible solution is a slow building of the region of Southeast Europe &quot;in which nationalism ruptured, one of the other alienated former spouse again able to live together in a less encumbered by the historical context that would later become part of one big united Europe&quot;. As an independent state region of Southeast Europe. But not as an autarkic, self-sufficient state, but as countries that possess true inner desire for regional cooperation in one word and do not necessarily institutionalized cross-border, regional synthesis. Why do I need and which will for the region? The meanings of boundaries in the modern world the boundaries have lost their inherited meaning. It&#39;s no longer among the entire separation. Despite the retrograde political nomenclatures that recognizes the call of the soil, the limits are in the process of movement, so that we can say that the border area &quot;between&quot; that &quot;separates merging.
 It is necessary though not sufficient condition to think about the new identity of the boundaries between states, that he says Zanini, &quot;absurd cartography&quot; breathed new life. If the border between the countries of former Yugoslavia during the political phase in which &quot;merged divisive &quot;(SFRY) moved into a new phase - to merge separate (and are), the next progressive step concerns the production of regional identity in different spheres of human activity, because our region, fairly sentenced to explore their selfhood. Southeastern Europe, simply, must travel to their ability. This means that it must build its own regional transnacionalitet beyond national ideological interpretation. There are reasons other than those reasons are limited unquestioningly inherited patterns of thought, that any radical scenario is watching as a negative. This means that regional postsuverenitet Southeastern Europe should not be dismissed as mere postmodern fantasy.
 Because if this is illusion, then the enlarged European Union as a tendency in Europe and latency as a postmodern geopolitical, geo-economic and geokulturna trajectory and collapsed before he got into the mind, in language, in a world of political and economic practices. However, this large multi-ethnic community, with all its internal contradictions, it is built as a supranational democratic form. However, after the radical era of violence likely to build South-East Europe as a supranational political geography neoktroirane are small. These chances grow only under the condition that in our minds open cabinets for new opinions are not slaves to the devil primordial national sovereignty and not flee to the safety of ethnic isolation. However, while satisfying the above conditions, it is difficult to imagine the South East Europe as a regional community that offers the world as long an oasis of peace, cooperation and prosperity in the area? Such South-East Europe, Western Balkans, such speculation is utopian thinking.
 But utopia is (i) was created so that its power preobražavalačkom ozračuje reality. Utopia does not compromise those who think that it is ingeniously remarked Robert Redeker, but those who forcibly impose their world view. Their levers of power. And one of the main lever of nationalist elites were shepherds intellectuals hate starters, how to accurately diagnose Hans Magnus Enzensberger, Praetorians spirit who closed the door inter-ethnic cooperation, tolerance, understanding and love of the Other. Their natural environment is xenophobia, insularity, chauvinism, and cancel the second insult. The life philosophy of intellectual scoundrels belonging sad logos closed society. There are in all our sides. Are woven into the policies of hostility. THEY are the enemies of the region. Our region. South Eastern Europe region. Mali Balkan nationalisms of large trans-border intellectuals, those who force arguments assume the arguments of force, are invited (the very nature of real intellectual involvement) to participate in scientific striping of nationalism in the region, whose intellectual leaders assure us that it is a priori impossible to participate in the theoretical formation of regional identity and not to make a unilateral violation of the first identity.
 And nationalism is always the first identity ethnicity, drawn from ancient depths of centuries. In these imagined depths there is no place for a regional identity, one that comes from the future and a deep respect for the theory of popular sovereignty but does not account for her forever, because he knows that the theory promoted in order to Popper said, irrational ideology and superstition. National states in the Balkans should simply relax through regional arrangements that do not question themselves and the State. Therefore, the South East Europe and can be thought of as a regional community, as Plessner ideological communities (die Sachgemeinschaft) which, in anticipatory discourse, can produce a regional ideology as an acceptable value, as the next form of peacekeeping. Of course, a legitimate objection is that this is &quot;expected unexpected&quot;, but &quot;must have hope for the improbable.&quot; Be, like Edgar Moreno, optipesimista.
 This means that the proponents of regional ideology, which is nothing but the ongoing production of a culture of peace in the social practices of the Balkan countries, a vast theoretical task: to nationalistic aberrations, which are under the false guise of concern for national sovereignty oppose the post-Yugoslav or, better said, the identity of Southeast nejugoslovenskom Europe, without awe, dispatched to the dressing room of history. As one of the most difficult task, this means that the future is completely open. But Karl Popper keenly observes: &quot;we can affect. When I say &#39;we&#39; I mean the intellectuals - people who are interested in ideas and who therefore may read and write. Why do I think that we are the intellectuals of any help? Simply because we are intellectuals caused the most horrendous damage. We, who have a special responsibility towards the uneducated, we are traitors to the spirit, as it is formulated by the great French philosopher Julien Benda.
 We invented and spread nationalism, ... we observed the stupidest kind of fashion. &quot;It is time for the smartest kind of mode. For geopolitical bridge construction that will Balkans, as it says Kathryn E. Fleming, from marginal (insignificant) to transform the region into liminal (in a sense very important) region of the European geopolitical system. At a practical level, Southeastern Europe, with the wholehearted support of the European Union, shall, in the years to come, to help myself, that, as a transitional region achieve a superior status in Europe. This is an extraordinary undertaking. Status of the European mean of the first commitment, the tendency to procedures, elimination of corruption as an economic region of the god, to undo the stereotypes that exist about us in the Western world ... I was especially &quot;sweet&quot; prejudice British writer Simon Winchester, which has been relentlessly arrogant: &quot;We can say that anyone would in that area stayed a little longer safe evolved into something that is, to quite some extent - for good or for bad - is different from what we mean by human standard. &quot; These and similar generalizations suggest, in order to said David A.
 Norris, intensified construction of the Balkans as uncertain territory, as a region for which the eminent American scientist Gerard toal says it is territorial in Europe but is not part of the modern European space and time. But the good news is that the West - namely the European Union, which is not only a simple sum of national powers, but the new entity geopolitical and geo-economic power in the political sphere, in practical policy making and decision leaves the term the Balkans and through its institutional capacity adopts the term Southeast Europe, which, with considerable success, and extended into the academic community in Europe. So politically correct &quot;is more or less replace the term the Balkans, because it was already impossible to define a country as the Balkans without further clarifications,&quot; lucidly observes Vesna Goldsworthy. From the logic of violence to the logic of peace &quot;if the Western Balkans, this small Balkan nationalisms large in the long run off from the European post-modern paradise, the region will replace the logic of the logic of peace nasiljaSa Southeastern Europe all the easier because it is neutral, apolitical and non-ideological concept that the share ovovremenoj history can only benefit the citizens of the region.
 However, SEE countries are still not convinced of the commitment of the European Union to the Western Balkans, especially Bosnia and Herzegovina, as a zone of prolonged tension, integrates into the Pan privileged club of old ladies. Instead of integration, as noted chief editor of the Courrier des Balkans, international policy in Bosnia is due to a lack of strategy now boils down to one word: stability. Unstable structures that diplomats are trying to raise the Balkans, after the declaration of independence assume that in Bosnia does not change anything. If the Western Balkans, this small Balkan nationalisms large in the long run off from the European post-modern paradise, the region will be the logic of peace to replace the logic of violence. We&#39;ll get back to the darkness of irrational nationalism as onespokojavajućeg negative forms of determinism. And this gives us the right to relativize the hope of our European tomorrow because, as noted Banac, &quot;various degrees of malfeasance in the former Yugoslavia and the inability of the new states to constructively address the issue of minorities indicate that there is great potential for renewal of conflict in the former Yugoslavia.&quot; Unfortunately, and Banca rating does not preclude the return of war.
 One who is deeply mowed, before all other countries, Bosnia and Herzegovina, a country whose sick tired, nationalism intoxicated people will not know how to get out of negative history. For starters, this entering the Bosnian and regional posthistorijsku tolerance is possible on the basis of interest and the awareness that &quot;knowledge of common interests does not happen automatically, but requires constant redefinition of those interests ... However, one should cheer and interests and build because they do not must be just something automatic, &quot;notes the analyst Croatian Danko Plevnik. Commitment interests will gradually build and shape a new identity and mentality emocionalitet, and a new regional identity, one that the region is considered the homeland. Just as this for your world wants Amin Maalouf: &quot;I demand loudly that I wish to claim any of my background, I can not dream about the day when the region where I was born to follow the same path, leaving behind the tribes of time, sacred time wars, during the murderous identity, to build something together, dreaming about the day when I will be able to call the entire Middle East, such as call Lebanon, France and Europe &#39;homeland&#39;, and all his sons &#39;countrymen&#39;, Muslims, Jews and Christians of all kinds titles and all manner of origin.
 In my mind, which constantly speculated and anticipated, it is already happening, but I would like that one day, so be on the field of reality, and for everybody. &quot;For everyone? So, for the citizens of South Eastern Europe? For those of us who believe in the ability of the region as nepodržavljenog space of human freedom. For those of us who want to merge the state border and not separated. For us the darkness of the Balkan tavern want to replace the scarce light (but light) of a united Europe. in which the sovereign and proud to live and the countries of our region. veiled light.
 