Although the Parliament did not come at the beginning of the session, former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader was still around noon, sat down in the parliamentary benches and in the forefront among SDP members, and sworn. So after eight years of parliamentary re-entered the water. After being sworn in as PM, they quarreled Parliament Speaker Luka Bebic and president of the HDZ club Hebrang. Specifically, Bebić expressly requested that Sanader snaps his deputy Eager-Podrug Kalas, however, under the earlier decision of the HDZ club to the place was already busy because it sat Ana Lovrin. Bebic said that he has decided who will sit where, and Ana Lovrin pointed out that her Hebrang said that the locks. Then he got up and sat down in his place he said. The amazing developments - As you know, I decided to completely withdraw from the Croatian politics. However, the incredible developments after my departure from politics practically forced me to reactivate his parliamentary mandate.
 I hope to get together with colleagues in parliament to get to those reasons that led to this incredible and undemocratic development that is absolutely inappropriate to European democratic standards, and I think anywhere in the democratic countries beyond Europe and the world - he said reporters when he left the Assembly Hall. But he did not want to explain what an incredible development of thought or wanted to answer the other questions. After that went to the Parliamentary restaurant for lunch with my friends, Jerko Rosin and Mary Zubovići. For the good old days of the first bench in the good old days &quot;, reached the last row in which the sitting independent representatives, and some announcements, apparently will sit until edges Pančića, it left behind the SDP&#39;s representatives. If his presidency of the &quot;no mercy&quot; will not get room to work, even one that is already used by some agent, and perhaps even the locker in the newly opened parliamentary building in Demetrova.
 It&#39;s hard to believe and to belong to his place in one of the parliamentary committees and commissions because such places are reserved and allocated mainly according to party lines. So it can not even count the membership of the six committees which, to date, sat his deputy Željana Kalas-Podrug because the HDZ&#39;s easy to find people in their ranks to fill the resulting &quot;hole&quot;. Sanader as the representative has the right to request all the listed benefits in writing, no final decision by the Presidency of the Parliament which will, according to some announcements, the meeting today. What is certain is that it is waiting for a minimum wage of 16 thousand plus a lump sum of Representatives from 1700 kuna. To compensate for the separation is not entitled because he lives in Zagreb. Of course, with rights come responsibilities. From Sanader is expected to participate in the meetings, submit proposals and questions, including Prime Minister and ministers during the current morning. Can go to all the parliamentary sessions of the body, regardless of whether their members, but they can not vote.
 You should find time for their constituents. In any case, it will be interesting to see how it will behave in a new role, whether the HDZ will be a strong opposition, or will they go down the hair, whether to those who praised him yesterday to avoid or be happy with him drinking coffee. Or will, he believes the head of Labour&#39;s Dragutin Lesar, run away from him &quot;as the plague.&quot; Maybe not accept ... - The hardest part will be the HDZ, which had beaten him to be closer and the ruled. I, on the other hand, in a position to speak with him as a colleague - says Lesar. Club President HDZ Hebrang yet on Thursday he hoped that the PM will not accept the decision of the Parliament that he activated the mandate, considering that he said he is leaving forever. &quot; But, come, and if you criticized the HDZ, telling Hebrang, according to him will be fierce. Coffee with Sanader will not drink it because, he says, tortured gastritis. They will not even drink tea because it does not like, and even juice because it has chemical additives.
 - I will not because I drink water with bubbles, mineral, and Ivo do not like - a clear Hebrang. In the cafe with Sanader will not sex that is the question of whether baked in a club HDZ Sanader cake for reception, said that there are several kinds of cakes. - Known as the Slavonian cakes with nuts and poppy seeds. Those who are conceited to eat cake with poppy seeds, and for those with the failure potential of these with walnuts - Seks said. - As you know I was decided to completely withdraw from the Croatian politics. But the incredible developments after my departure from politics practically made me aktviram their parliamentary mandate. I hope to get together with colleagues in parliament to get to those reasons that led to this incredible and undemocratic development that is absolutely inappropriate to European democratic standards, a MILSIM anywhere in the democratic countries of Europe and beyond, and in the world - said Sanader told reporters when he left the Assembly Hall.
 But he did not want to explain what an incredible development of thought or wanted to answer the other questions. Headed by the parliamentary restaurant where the fi rst to lunch with my friends, Jerko Rosin and Mario Zubovic. Agent Sanader and benefits of the new position of Minister Ivo Sanader after the arrival in parliament to get vicarious official identity card stating that he is entitled to immunity. Sanader can eat as a representative of two members of restaurants where the main course with side dish is 12 kuna. If it is approved by the Presidency of the Parliament, will receive the office, and shall send him all the proposals that the Parliament makes laws. As a member of Parliament waiting for him at least 16 thousand per month salary plus a lump sum of Representatives from 1700 kuna. He has the right to participate in the sessions, make suggestions, ask questions and participate in sessions of working bodies.
 