Author: Marina Klepo Posted: 01/04/2010 While all the talk of suspicious transactions and loans in the state bank, Joseph Protega was named manager of the year ZAGREB - A suspicious activities of the Croatian Postal Bank loans and its &quot;special purpose&quot; has long been rumored. That the bank has been operating with losses, but it became clear in March 2009. when management admitted less than 28 million. Then, the control of the Croatian National Bank found that in the first quarter of last year&#39;s loss of the bank amounted to 120 million kuna. RELATED NEWS News appeared on Bregana Days ahead of the action, ATM, where they arrested three members of the Management Board headed by the President, Joseph Protega four borrowers, it was known to some degree. Action is followed closely to the old year and the only surprise was that, in the time of his arrest, the main protagonist was in Austria for skiing. Several speculated on why the action is selected the moment when the expansion in overseas and does not want you to turn a blind time through his fingers.
 However, after the New Year holiday on himself appeared at the border crossing Bregana, accompanied by his lawyer Cedo Prodanovic. It was implemented in Remetinečki prison where, together with the other three members of the Board, is already almost three months. Name some ATM action was linked to the fact that individuals in HPB-in credits received simply, &quot;like an ATM,&quot; without the necessary procedures and safeguards. The three leaders Bank - Joseph noon, John SLADONJA, a member of the Board, and Mary KIRINIĆ, former CFO - USKOK is charged for a series of abuse of office and powers of heavy about 170 million, and for joining the group for committing crimes. It is mainly about the so-called allocation. high-risk loans to citizens, who are known in advance that there will never be returned. Their second krimen a false presentation of results of operations for the last two years. Deceived and the profession in the annual financial statements, namely, the profits instead of losses showed.
 Accordingly, employees HPB were paid and awards. Because of the &quot;realized&quot; they get rewarded with 26 million, of which the suspect the trio shared with each other 11 million. Each of them won by almost four million kuna. Misrepresentation of data succumbed to the waist, or association manager, which was proclaimed Joseph Protega and manager of the year. That the Administration was not much stuck to the procedures and mechanisms for security, is best demonstrated one case, as highlighted by the media, according to which the loan of several tens of million was approved person with a monthly salary of 4000 kuna! The analysis only four suspected client, who ended up in prison, but in the meantime been released, USKOK came to figures of 150 million loss. Have not been examined by the Bank, however, can not be collected due to lack of insurance. For example, Boris Simunovic in 2006. was bought at auction 26 percent of Samobor Šmidhenova for him from HPB&#39;s got a few credits.
 As a natural person granted him 53 million, of which there were many checks, nor have they sought the necessary guarantees. When not returning overdue receivables, the bank granted him a new purpose loans. The first non-purpose loan of 30-odd million was granted to him shortly after mid-2006. bought picnic Šmidhen for 34 million. To settle the interest only, yet he HPB approved new loans and the equity climbed to more than 50 million. The risk of damage to credit in excess of 60 million, without much trouble, got a Svetimir Technology, owner of Euro Benz and Herzegovina Companies Trade Sports Adriatic from Blackboard. However, he still offered a certain guarantee of mortgage through the estate. The circle of suspects found the two businesses, Oliver Beindenegl and Ivan Galic, who was lightly HPB also approved millions in loans. So Beindenegl 2007th he got 20-odd million unintended loans, and the administration he has repeatedly allowed the postponement of repayment.
 Galic was however obtained, about 2.5 million. In addition, HPB has been approved and called. margin loans to buy shares, totaling more than 50 million. In doing so, as with the general purpose loans to natural persons, not taken into account the prescribed procedure so that HPB exposed to the risk of multimillion-dollar damages. In less than 600 cases concluded that lacks about 900 documents. It is a nearly 150 requests, hundreds of contracts, and a number of statements, powers of attorney, making banks and the like. Competent Authority received the bank&#39;s task to bring things in order within a month, but after six months nothing really done. According to the results of its survey of the central bank, HPB has lost nearly 25 million just because of the failed sale of approximately 15,000 shares of INA, Hungary&#39;s MOL. On behalf of its clients, who have decided to accept the public offer for MOL&#39;s purchase of INA shares at a price of 2,800 kuna, the bank has sent a proposal the Central Depository Agency.
 Amusement park on Peščenica However, due to errors in charge of the Directorate HPB&#39;s offer did not arrive on time, so not accepted. HPB their customers pay cash for the shares at a price of 2,800 kuna, a total of about 42 million, acquired the shares whose market value is significantly lower. Against the leaders of the HPB has expanded the investigation and suspected them for three new high-risk loans, placed on 3 July 2006. to 7 January 2009., which is why HPB damaged more than 77 million. Thus, the final amount of which was damaged by the bank rose to 328 million. One is a loan, by procedure, approved company by Goran Juraković Mini Parks International in Zagreb, where two years ago in Zagreb city administration, as the agent of a U.S. company, approved the construction of an amusement park on Pešćenica, in a protected ecological zone. &quot;Everything I worked for the law &#39;investigation against the former trio from HPB has also been extended and benefits due to risky loans in the amount of 41 million Slav Colak and Davor Cilic, investors in a water amusement park Šmidhen in other languages.
 The brain of the entire operation, as determined by the investigation, was Slaven Colak, who has no checks and collateral from the HPB received new loans and raised on the pretext that he needed to return the old ones. But later he found that there was no possibility of any loan payment. Investigators in the eye inflammation and the amount of 160 million that was invested in computerization, and performed by some Indian companies. It turned out that the program was delivered was not practicable for the branch bank. For many loans from the beginning it was clear that it will not be returned. The investigation should show that the Management Board therefore motivated to give them all. Dimension is acknowledged that intervened numerous politicians, including former President Stjepan Mesic and Prime Minister Ivo Sanader, but his contacts with politicians is not considered controversial. All loans, he claimed, was approved by law.
 It remains debatable just how they incurred losses. Enjoyed the luxury with a salary of 80,000 kn Protega an additional public anger caused her image of a man who loves wealth, and even boast. After the police searched his apartment soon appeared that the articles were taken by surprise seen luxury. Estimated that in each square has invested 10,000 euros and has gold-plated taps in the bathroom. It is suspected that the position of Chairman of the Board and used for personal profit, such as renting your own property in Sibenik for commercial HPB. Attributed to him that he seemed to draw money from the HPB over Toprovu Company Limited, registered in Malta and founder of the company&#39;s top Šestinski Ltd. To care for a job, allegedly engaged members of the immediate family, and he rewarded them by allowing them advantageous purchase of official vehicles Bank of Croatia leasing. Management HPB itself is itself approved loans.
 Dimension has a loan of 1.5 million, 1.7 Sladonja and Kirinić around 700,000 kuna. Their salaries in HPB amounted to about 80,000 of net. (M. Klepo) Number of recommendations: 1 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 