At 15.38 hours Thursday uu Commission of the City of Zadar, which is headed by Goran Lovrinov, gave permission to shoppers and visitors are allowed into the new shopping center Supernova Zadar. Supernova is also officially opened the doors even though the technical committee has not issued a permit, a Lovrinov said that the permit be posted on Friday. The planned opening was delayed several times because of problems with the main contractor, however, thanks to cooperation with relevant institutions and collected documentation, was finally allowed obtaining a use permit, according to an official statement at the opening of the shopping center of Zadar. Zadar newspaper said the unofficial information that the five serious objections to the object Supernovae Commission particularly emphasized the Spar shop. However, in the administration say that the supernova Spar will open the doors to its customers in December. However, the Commission issued a permit for the entire facility, not individually, so it will be interesting to see if its content is accessible to the public, concludes the list of Zadar.
 Director Gregory Jolić Supernovae confirmed that the Institute &quot;Hrvoje Pozar&quot; literally overnight submitted a study on energy efficiency at the facility where the technical commission insisted, though Jolić claims that it was already incorporated into the main project. Zadar Supernova is the largest shopping mall of this type in Dalmatia. its construction from the beginning was followed by great public interest, especially when the dispute with the contractor company Foedus building in Zagreb. According to Gregory Jolic. Foedus by 135 million should, in June, to build the entire facility, so in a supernova after cancellation of co-operation with Foedus, approached the money should be re-signing with the contractors. Arrangement was signed on 57 million to the project is completed on time. Meanwhile, the Commercial Court in Zadar ordered Granite Vrkic, or formal investor building Supernovae, deposition 37.4 million euros at Erste Bank in Zadar, which may not be paid until the conclusion of the dispute.
 That case Zadar Supernovae grow into a real soap opera building is rašomonijda care about the technical inspection, so the supernova even twice in the last month canceled the opening ceremony. Specifically, the City Commission did not want to leave the court without the prepared documents. Although the supernova said that the documentation is stored in a maximum of 500 registers provided in the last minute due to subcontractors, on Thursday it was learned that the administrative person responsible for this work given or received notice and the documentation she could not deliver in time the city commission. Zadar Supernova got another shopping center in which they were placed side-known brands, as well as shops and business premises Zadar entrepreneurs. The 72 commercial spaces are located New Yorker, Peek &amp; Cloppenburg, Humanic, Müller, Deichmann, Benetton, S. Oliver, Douglas, DM. The Supernova is opened even 700 new jobs, and the opening of the center visited several thousand citizens.
 Shopping center Supernova Zadar m2 implemented by the Austrian group. Partner in the financing of Supernovae Zadar is Erste Bank of Austria.
 