Airspace probably remain suspended until the end of the day last night at 2 am, because of the volcanic clouds that priblžava Croatia, Croatia flight control closed the airspace above Međimurja, Zagorje and Slavonia and Zagreb Airport, officially was confirmed. At 8 am there were no changes, the airspace over this area is still closed, and the Zagreb Airport, and so it will probably be during the entire Sabbath. Vakula: Volcanic clouds during the night and coming up with Croatian clouds of volcanic ash causing potoškoće in air traffic in many countries are moved to the northern and northwestern Europe, and increasingly coming to the central parts of the continent. - According to the currently available forecasts during a night will almost certainly part of the cloud and come to Austria and Hungary, and by 8 am, and probably to the north of the Croatian border. During Saturday morning clouds will continue south and up to about 14 hours it is possible to spread the northern parts of the Croatian, to the north of Dalmatia.
 I still do not have knowledge of the concentration of particles in these clouds, no reliable information about the possible consequences. Aviation Meteorological Service Croatian Air Traffic Control will issue timely aeronautical meteorological warning in the manner prescribed in the Air Force - informed us on Friday, Zoran Vakula, Head of weather analysis and forecasting of the State Hydrological Institute. Darkest forecasts show that ash from the volcanoes of Iceland, who has covered the sky over northern Europe and has canceled all flights in the area, will not withdraw or the next two days, say from Eurocontrol, the European organization for air traffic control. &gt;&gt; Volcanic ash blocked air traffic, a low concentration of volcanic ash is not hazardous to humans health experts are worried about the fall volcanic ash on the ground because they are forecasting a small concentration of ash and believe it will have no negative impact on people.
 - Volcanic dust is flying high in the atmosphere and has no harmful effects on human health and the respiratory system - said the professor. Dr. Miroslav Samaržija pulmonologist from the Clinic for Lung Diseases. Flights canceled that dust does not damage the aircraft Nebojša Subanovic with Meteo-info portal for the weather forecast said that the company delayed flights because of the dust that would have damaged the aircraft and thus caused great material damage, and not because the planes can not fly. Dust enters the stratosphere layer of Earth that is located ten kilometers above the Earth where they could keep for days, months or even years so flights could be delayed for a long time - explains further Subanovic. &gt;&gt; Due to flight cancellations, about 380 passengers left the Zadar port Travellers &quot;stuck&quot; in Zagreb and the Zagreb Airport, like European, crammed with passengers who have flight delays due to &quot;stuck&quot; in the port.
 Passengers waiting to be placed in the airlines or hotels as they offer an alternative solution. Condition of canceled flights in Zagreb you can track and on the website of the dance and CROATIJA Airlines. Air collapse in northern Europe Airports were closed throughout the UK, Ireland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Belgium and the Netherlands, while France has closed 24 airports in the north. Followed by Germany, which has closed 11 airports including Frankfurt, the third busiest airport in Europe. The latest news comes from England, which is blocking air traffic extended to Saturday morning. Austria has announced it will begin the afternoon with the closure of its airspace. &gt;&gt; EC: Air carriers are required each passenger to return the money is expected that the airport in the north of the country close to Poland. Airlines such as Qantas, Japan Airlines, Korean Air, Singapore Airlines and Cathay Pacific are just some of those who canceled their flights.
 There is a danger that volcanic ash could delay the burial of slain Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife, as many of the world&#39;s statesmen will have no way to arrive in time to Poland. However, from the office of the Barack Obama received a statement that after consultation with the Air Force&#39;s confident that Obama will arrive on time in Krakow. Asked the long awaited concert by Oliver Dragojevic Oliver Dragojevic Concert would be held on Monday 19 April at London&#39;s Royal Albert Hall is extremely questionable. Extremely strong eruption in Iceland, as is known, landed the aircraft for Britain, northern Europe and Scandinavia until further notice, so the transport of all the great musicians of the question, sends a message Ictinus group. A definitive decision will timely inform the public. Oliver yesterday in the Zagreb Airport, waiting for developments in air traffic over Europe.
 His concert, which is scheduled for Monday at London&#39;s Royal Albert Hall, is completely uncertain. - I sit and wait. I do not know anything. Perhaps the concert is canceled, perhaps delayed, and may fail to move to London - said Oliver. (Deadline, sv) Pleso canceled 12 flights, but the airport was still open at the airport in Zagreb today were canceled all flights to Central Europe, and whether due to volcanic ash that has created chaos in air traffic and shut down the airport, depending on whether volcanic cloud reached uu RH, and whether to disable access to the airport. Confirmed to us that Tonci Peovic, director of the Zagreb Airport. He still hopes that this will not happen, but adds that the situation changes from hour to hour and it is difficult to give any long term prognosis. Today was a total of 12 canceled flights, and passengers Peović recommends that for now though delay their journeys.
 (IPS / VLM)
 