- These shots are up Fruska photomontage. They found him a sure double, he was not seen since 2003. year, according Šaljić. In our statement that was difficult to find counterparts for the wife, or the whole family, a lawyer Šaljić still claims that this is a photomontage. On request, if the young man eventually declared dead, does that mean that it stops the criminal case against his client, Šaljić says: &quot;It can not be against a dead man to lead the criminal proceedings. However, whether the tribunal in The Hague want to believe or to request further verification and proof, that they will have to decide. &quot;The request to designate the young man dead in recent days, there are also 18 of his diary in February this year, are exempt from the Mladic family home and given to the ICTY prosecutor Serge Brammertz. While the tribunal about the &quot;great evidence&quot; because it confirms the claims of the six strategic objectives for the creation of the Republic of Serbian ethnic cleansing, regional media reports of Mladic&#39;s records prostitutes, or anyone to whom retracted into the bed.
 Mladic&#39;s lawyer, Milos Šaljić, we wondered how it is possible that in all the many previous searches Mladic family home so far have not found his personal diaries. - You should ask those who carry out searches. They decide what they find and what you will surrender to the Tribunal. There is no problem in Mladić family. However, the international well-informed diplomatic sources told us that international factors have made the decision to report to the Chief Prosecutor Serge Brammertz on the Serbian and Croatian cooperation, is positive. The invention of Mladic&#39;s diary should be the crucial evidence of cooperation of Serbia with ICTY, the positive assessment, and the initiative to designate most wanted war criminal dead media should be sent in the wrong direction. Instead of dealing with Brammertz&#39;s report, should explore legislation that the missing person be declared dead.
 Zdravko Soldić arar
 