The main message that it carries the President of Ivo Josipovic the Republic of Serbian is the message of peace and support the sustainable return of Croats to areas where they lived before the war, he explained the motive Josipovic visit its head office Joško Klisović. He argues that the President will not go into the institutions of the Republic of Serbian, apparently wanting to prevent possible criticism for meeting with Milorad Dodik. And some have already arrived. So with Zrinjevac, the seat of Croatian foreign minister says that the President does not understand because they believe that on this visit goes hands-dik. Estimated that Josipović maybe not a strong guiding principle in foreign policy and his actions that they &quot;look like exhibitionism president who wants to be a protagonist.&quot; Former President Stipe Mesic, who was hated even the thought of sending troops if Dodik announce a referendum on ocjepljenju, believes that the Croatian president should meet with Dodik as this one does not recognize Bosnia and Herzegovina, and until it gives up the belief that today&#39;s Croatia is a successor fascist NDH.
 Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Vesna Pusic supports Josipovic plan visits to the Republic of Serbian There are those who support Josipovic plan. So HDZ member Hebrang said that he talked with Dodik, as well as each other, if it was the interest of Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina. HNS member Vesna Pusic believes that this is a good move. &quot;It is my absolute conviction that it is important to start with a regional initiative, which will show that we as a country in the region are able and willing to take responsibility for your region.&quot; Concluded Pusic. Host Bishop Komarica The president will host Bishop Komarica, who for years seeking help for Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina. From the president&#39;s office says it has agreed with certainty only visit this part of the Croats in BiH, while the other details you should know today. Vesna Pusic claims that it is not about any kind of bilateral meeting Josipovića Dodik and it will all play after a meeting of the Igman Initiative.
 &quot;Invited are all members of the BiH Presidency, all the leaders of parliamentary parties, church dignitaries.&quot; Pusic said that she will attend the meeting as president of the National Committee for monitoring negotiations Croatian and EU. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Milorad Dodik Prime Josipović reported to visiting Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor, as well as chief diplomat Gordon Jandrokovic, who for his visit Banja Luka, refused to meet with Dodik, has already met with representatives of the Croats and the Catholic Church. &quot;First Josipovic said that the Croatian policy is guilty of crimes in a neighboring country, and now meets with a man who breaks the BiH and in essence is the political successor Serbian sets that carried out the genocide.&quot; Stance of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration. For Mesic was the main problem Dodik&#39;s political views, and is considered to be the first he should give up and would then be able to talk with him.
 Because, he said the new list, with each to talk, especially if it is for the benefit of citizens. To speak, then, all but if it is to the benefit of people and if the position of Croats in BiH previously discussed with the leaders of all Croatian parties in the neighboring country, on constitutional change and how to protect the constitutionality of the Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Author: Gordana Simonovic, Zagreb Odg.ured: Zeljko Telišman
 