What is Christmas without a Christmas tree nakićenog, cakes, steak and nursery? They domišljatiji and skilled real manger himself, and therefore happy, but they netalentirani rich buy expensive kits. For all others, especially for the purist, and those believers that Christmas and the birth of Jesus perceived in his spirit, heart and mind and not in the accompanying Kičeri our consumer mentality, the Berlin architect and artist Oliver Fabel made the ultra-modern version of the nativity scene without iconographic ballast from ordinary wooden planks, which in 2008. he received the German Design Prize. These nurseries than 8 cm long wooden planks in Germany, Austria and Switzerland are sold for 25 Euro. His manger does not represent every detail of the stable where Jesus was born. Are not unrealistic and untrue decorated everything shines in this poor barn, which is of course very far from reality and truth. However, the wooden slats with printed names of which are reduced to a minimum figure, stunning work as a real nursery and observers immediately associate with known image of the Holy Family with kings, shepherds, animals ...
 View of the traditional Nativity scene our imagination, our perceptions and feelings are usually the end. Yes, to the manger. And that&#39;s exactly how we were introduced. And this message is usually completed. These, unusual, simple and unconventional thinking to inspire the viewer and create an individual image and perceived holy night when Jesus was born. Or, to put it simply, the usual nursery we are used are static, they are one image, this Fabel are active, is in our motion pictures, film. Become active participants in the nativity barn. These differences are not likely many will not be able to feel, and some nurseries will this idea and challenge. Nursery children were especially thrilled because, unlike traditional not only to watch something that does not spoil, the nursery may be at play. With friendly permission of the author, Mr. Fabela, DOM @ smelter to its visitors a Merry Christmas photos of his nursery.
 (Downloading continue publishing pictures subject to prior permission.) P. Muscle
 