&quot;The problem is very complex and it is certainly one meeting will not solve, but it is important to open a new page and a new atmosphere,&quot; said Ivo Josipovic after meeting with representatives of political parties in Bosnia and Herzegovina, among which were those with the highest Croatian sign. Croats Return, in particular in the Republic of Serbian Posavina, Josipovic to reporters described as a major goal of his two-day working visit to Bosnia and Herzegovina. &quot;This is, unfortunately, too small number of people who have returned. It is not returned even ten percent,&quot; said the Croatian President, explaining that the caller got the information about the issues that bothers people, and that neither the international nor the local return projects are not sufficiently focused on this part of BiH. The key problem, according Josipovic words, the sustainable return, r can not all be reduced to the reconstruction without taking care of other rights such as jobs and health care.
 President HDZ-a 1990. Ljubic, one of the participants in the meeting with Croatian President said that the fact that he had held in the church of St. George speaks about the position of Croats in the RS because it confirms that this entity does not have the institutions in which they could talk about their problems. Ljubic warned that Serbian Prime Minister Milorad Dodik government installed &quot;his Croats&quot; who then interpreted the alleged interests of the returnees. &quot;It is not true that the Croats do not want to go back,&quot; he is purple. He pointed out that they are impossible to continue even though the funds were more subtle than before, because it creates a number of administrative barriers to returning. He recalled that in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina have returned to their prewar homes, 50 percent of displaced Croats, while in the RS were able to recover only slightly more than five percent. President of HDZ BiH, Dragan Covic did not attend the meeting in Derventa, a president Josipovic to comment, saying only that the party still represented in the talks because it was a vice president Davor Čordaš.
 Answering questions from journalists in the Serbian President Derventa Josipovic said that in Sijekovac not going to apologize, but to bow to the victims. &quot;Everything about it I said in my speech in Parliament,&quot; said Josipovic.
 