Author: Predrag Žukina Posted: 10.07.2010 Just in time for the occurrence of &#39;brotherly&#39; četvrfinala Davis Cup tennis and the Croatian handball team for the opponent at the next World Cup also provided the Serbs ZAGREB - Swedish cities of Malmö and Lund will be in January 2011. hosts Group C World Cup in which Croatia, Serbia, Denmark, Romania, Algeria and Australia. Nova is an opportunity for a high-ranking HR types that the current world and European runner. RELATED NEWS News Serbian handball during the 90-ies of the last century was stronger than the Croatian. Just Sweden at Euro 2002nd marked the last act of the Serbian domination followed by the Croats went on the roof of the world in Portugal 2003rd FRY sunk Croatia 34-22 A and 2002nd in Sweden, where snow and ice shackled Jönkepingu, flood our team and the last 16th place. 27-29 defeat by France, Germany, from 21-26 and hardest against Serbia (then Yugoslavia), 22-34.
 Disaster for izbronika Milkovića Joseph and his players. It is to hurt a number of Croatian immigrants in Sweden, where the &quot;neighbors&quot; immigrants on the other hand drank blood. &quot; Now Croatia is still the favorite, a new opportunity for a rematch. The new Serbian coach Veselin Vukovic was clear: - During the draw I was sitting next to Romanians and Croats, and behold! - Together in the group. Why, gosh, I sat next to Argentine and Chilean? In any case, the awkward group with Serbia, Denmark and Romania (Algeria and Australia) Červar should literally be a comfort if we compare with the one in which the world champions France - with Spain and Germany and with the two strongest teams out of Europe - Tunisia and Egypt. &quot;Warm welcome&quot; in Serbia 2012th Červar, unlike Vukovic, was cautious optimist: - Serbs are again rising, and the Romanians. Similarly, he said, and Balic: - Danes and Serbs are excellent, and the Romanians. Interestingly, the next Euro (2012.) Takes place in Serbia.
 Regardless of the outcome in Sweden, &quot;tough cowboy&quot; will have a &quot;warm welcome&quot; in defense of the European gold. Number of recommendations: 5 Publish to Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 