Croatia slowly closes the chapter by chapter to join the European Union (EU). The day before the meeting of Croatian and Slovenian Foreign Minister Gordan Jandrokovic and Samuel Zbogar addressed the chapter on food safety and financial control. Since so. the key (before) the other Justice, Freedom and capital movements. Just this last will be interesting to follow because the Slovenians want in this section include the problem of debt of Ljubljanska banka (LB) to Croatian depositors, and entry of Nova Ljubljanska banka (NLB) in Croatia. As in the Croatian media reported Wednesday Jandroković and Zbogar will be found in Jesenice on Dolenjskem the meeting should be prepared talks between Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor and president Borut Pahor, Slovenian government on Saturday in Bohinj. According to press announcements Kosor-Pahor meeting should be devoted to the only remaining open issues between the two countries, the problem - Ljubljanska Banka.
 Zbogar recently for Reuters said that Croatia will not be able to conclude negotiations with the European Union until they open their financial markets to NLB. Furthermore, the Slovenian foreign minister echoed views Pahor, Slovenian Prime Minister who is due to problems LB expressed Slovenia&#39;s reticence toward closing the negotiation chapters Free Movement of Capital. Namely, the Slovenian prime minister Borut Pahor&#39;s mid-June in an interview with HTV discussed the Ljubljanska Bank, which confirmed that there is still a problem. &quot;What worries me is Chapter 4, Free movement of capital. Some statements from the Croatian side - that the Ljubljanska Bank will not be able to come to the Croatian financial market because it is not resolved the issue of foreign currency depositors, meaning that Croatia as a new member of the EU discriminates against a single country. This is contrary to the rules of the club that joins. So I have to Kosor, both governments and parliaments to find a solution to this 18-year-old problem, a possibility exists, &quot;said Pahor.
 The solution would be, in his opinion may be found in negotiations on succession, under the auspices of the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) in Basel. But about the need to reach an agreement with the other successor states. Although he then expressed the hope that the matter be resolved through 9 July to Croatia and the summit meeting with Prime Minister Kosor, it did not happen. Soon after the interview Pahor and Croatian National Bank Governor Zeljko Rohatinski said that the current arrangement should be Ljubljanska banka to Croatian market once they reach their depositors savings. In addition Rohatinski said in an interview Jutarnji list said the total savings of Croatian citizens in the Ljubljana Bank was around 420 million euros, of which Croatia is in its public debt over 260 million euros, whilst the remainder of the approximately 160 million account holders retain. On the question of Slovenians said that Croatian companies owe them around 400 million euros, the governor of the CNB said the claims by companies Ljubljanska Banka in Croatia amounted to around 157 million euros.
 &quot;Now we talk about 400 million because they&#39;re pribrojili interest, while debt to Croatian depositors are pribrojili interest. So, when talking about the claims of depositors, saying only that the principal is transferred 260 million euros and 160 million euros neprenesene savings. In addition, claims Nova Ljubljanska Banka to Croatian companies in the past because a large portion of these companies anymore. &quot;said Zeljko Rohatinski for the Morning Gazette. Analyst Damir Novotny believes that Slovenians used the chapter on free movement of capital to ensure the expansion of Ljubljanska Banka, which was blocked by the CNB Council, but does not believe that this will stop Croatia&#39;s path towards Europe. And even if the CNB prevent the NLB set up branches in or to take over a bank, Novotny warned that joining the EU no one will be able to prohibit the Croatian companies to taking loans from them, or Croatian citizens to save the Slovenes Brezice if they offer better terms.
 Vesna Pusic, president of the Parliamentary Committee for the Croatian negotiations with the EU, believes that Slovenians will be able to block the Ljubljanska Bank Croatian negotiations with the EU: &#39;The weak are the chances of such a plot, because the problem izigranih the case of Iceland savers and depositors of Great Britain and the Netherlands already well-known in Europe. &quot; As for the Nova Ljubljanska Bank, under its management for T-portal announced that the strategy of NLB Group 2010-2015. The opted for the following markets of the Western Balkans: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Kosovo, Macedonia and Serbia, while potentially a strategic market NLB and Croatia. On the question of whether the Slovenian government sought help in entering the Croatian market, the largest Slovenian banks were told that it can not comment. Otherwise, the NLB bank itself is in trouble because last week&#39;s stress test showed that the biggest Slovenian bank recapitalization needs of 219 million euros.
 Furthermore, in the recapitalization of NLB in Slovenia debated for nearly a year and is still not clear who will all participate in what amount, because, after long negotiations, the Belgian KBC (has more than 30% ownership of NLB) is not yet confirmed their participation, and Slovenia itself, hesitating whether to sell its stake to 25 percent plus one share. If this were so, the ownership structure should join the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) and International Finance Corporation (IFC). Apart from the Croatian and BiH savers also claimed its saving problem, and it was one of the topics Tuesday at the meeting of the Council of Ministers Chairman Nikola Spiric with Borut Pahor.
 