Author: Tanja Rudež Posted: 26.02.2010 Switzerland is the only state where the law allowed foreign nationals to help them die ZAGREB - Three Croats plan to end the life of a Swiss assisted suicide clinic Dignitas, announced today the Guardian. According to figures provided by the British newspaper, Dignitas, in this controversial clinic in the last 12 years life has ended up 1041 people from 29 countries worldwide. Mostly from Germany and Great Britain: assisted suicide at Dignitas have died 563 German and 134 British citizens, and the patients were mainly suffering from terminal illness accompanied by great suffering. RELATED NEWS News Consulate does not provide details, however, another 5989 people from around the world would like to end up living in the clinic, and among them are three Croats and one from Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. Relatives will be better protected, but doctors can to prison - in the last four years as I work at the consulate never none of Croatian citizens are not interested in the Dignitas clinic - said Joe Dalić from the Consulate General of Croatia in Zurich.
 He would not speculate on whether anyone from the Croats, but his own life in the clinic. - If a Croatian citizen dies in Zurich, to applying our consulate. However, the Consulate can not give any information to the public of any deceased person - said Dalić. Association and clinic Dignitas was founded in 1998. in Zurich, Ludwig Minelli (77), a former journalist and lawyer specializing in human rights. In Switzerland, euthanasia is illegal but assisted suicide is legal even since 1941. year. In addition, Switzerland is the only country in the world in which he allowed to &quot;help in dying&quot; and foreign nationals. Incurable patients from the very beginning of Dignitas caused great controversy, and Minelli, which is called &quot;Howard Hughes assisted death&quot;, is a frequent target of criticism and accusations. Against him was initiated and the court process because they have penetrated the public information that the clinic staff assisted suicide in some patients with Alzheimer&#39;s disease and schizophrenia, that people who were not mentally competent to decide to end his life.
 No sense of security, meanwhile, Dignitas, through some media that has opened the door, announced the procedure of their work. To some people stopped living in the clinic, you must become a member of Dignitas, which annually pays 55 euros. Most members of Dignitas people are dying or those who suffer from severe, progressive and incurable disease. However, there are those who are members only because it gives them a sense of security in the event that the face of great suffering. When a person decides to die, sends MINELL your medical records and a letter explaining why it is for her life has become unbearable, and about 2100 euros. The patient&#39;s medical record is then sent for consideration to physicians who work with Dignitas, and they then assess whether they were prepared prescribe a fatal dose of medication that will enable the person&#39;s death. If a team is to &quot;green light&quot;, a patient schedules a meeting at the headquarters of Dignitas.
 When you arrive in Zurich, paid about 720 euros for two meetings with the doctor who re-examines the patient&#39;s medical records and prescribe the means for &quot;sweet death&quot;. The patient then pays another 2100 euros for the two employees, who will organize the Dignitas assisted suicide and to be witnesses of the act. Thus, death in the arrangement of Dignitas is about 5000 euros. Fatal dose of drugs with the patient at the time of death, a doctor and a nurse who gives him a glass of water with a fatal dose of the drug. Sometimes it&#39;s there, someone from the family members. When the institution&#39;s death, the doctor called the police and the coroner, and then the body is transported to the morgue. Most often cremated, and then organizes the transport of Dignitas urn to the desired location. THREE WAYS Assisted suicide: Make sure that the patient wants to die if I take means to cause death. Legal in Switzerland, Belgium, the Netherlands, Oregon and Washington Passive Euthanasia: Failure of treatment which would eventually (usually slight) could extend the life of active euthanasia: Exposé people usually fatal adverse effect of some preparations on their deaths was told the whole world 2006th
 years ago: A prominent British physician Anna Turner (66) decided to death in Dignitas because her doctors dijagonosticirali supranuclear palsy from which actor Dudley Moore died 2008th Year: Junior ragbijaška star Daniel James (23), who after training remained paralyzed from the neck down, ended the life of the clinic. Act was attended by his parents, who are therefore able to finish the 14-year prison 2009th years ago: The famous British conductor Sir Edward Downes (85) and his wife Joan (74) died together in the clinic. Joan was suffering from cancer, and Edward was almost blind, deaf and unable to care for himself Help someone&#39;s death and you will get 8 years ZAGREB - Croatian Criminal Code does not recognize euthanasia under that name. However, there are articles that have points of contact with euthanasia. Thus, Article 94 Criminal Law, &quot;killing on demand&quot;, provides that a person who kills another of their explicit and earnest request to be punished by imprisonment for one to eight years.
 - Hypothetical case in which someone drove a person in Switzerland for euthanasia is quite slippery terrain. If you really do not know what the person intended to only have it transported to the clinic, there is no criminal liability. However, if the person says what he is, says he wants to do, there would be prosecution, but could initiate proceedings. Penal Code in Article 96 discusses the guidance of another to commit suicide, and assisting in suicide, which is punishable by imprisonment from six months to three years. Also, if it comes to helping the suicidal person whose capacity for understanding his actions and his conduct will substantially reduced sentence of six months to five years - said the lawyer Veljko Miljevic. (M. Batinica) &#39;There is no humane euthanasia &quot;attitude of the Church on the issue of euthanasia is clear, no matter what naconalnosti the person who wants to do or one that is done - it is illegal and ultimately equated with murder - said prof .
 Dr. Adalbert Rebic. Says Catholic theologian, &quot;not humane euthanasia. This act is in itself contrary to the principles of humanity, because it is the end of human life, every man has the right to human dignity and the end of his life. &quot;Certain moral dilemmas arise in cases of&quot; acts of double effect, &quot;when a doctor by the decision can ease the suffering of a patient, but at the risk of death or the shortening of life for this patient, such as prescribing strong analgesics. In such cases, the decision lies on the conscience of the doctor, the patient or his immediate family, says theologian Rebic. (G. An.) Number of recommendations: 24 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 