In Ancona, held a set of foreign ministers of the Adriatic-Ionian Initiative. Under the chairmanship of the Italian Minister Franco Fratinija analyzed the progress made by eight member countries achieved in the past ten years. A group that fails only in diplomatic protocol-ton, took care of the Serbian Foreign Minister Vuk Jeremic. Speaking on the progress of relations with the Croatian gave the president praised the efforts I&#39;ve Josipovića the rapprochement of Zagreb and Belgrade, but okrivljavio, he said, Croatia under Tudjman policy for the suffering people and their partition. Jeremic said that the relations between Serbian and Croatian began to repair and then said that Serbia was also encouraged by the BiH Parliament expressed deep regret over the fact that the policies that led to Croatia under Tudjman there has caused human suffering and division. Croatian Minister Gordan Jandrokovic considers it inappropriate speech and completely out of context sets.
 Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration (MFAEI) said that Jeremic in his speech, he abused his statement of regret that the visit to Bosnia and Herzegovina gave the Croatian president. Serbia&#39;s policy in this manner abused the statement of regret that the president Ivo Josipovic gave during his visit to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Such a strategy is not unexpected for MELE, we will know to answer it, &quot;said foreign ministry spokesman in an interview-I Mario Dragun. He added that all the speakers were facing the future joint cooperation and integration in the European Union except the Serbian Minister of Foreign Affairs, which is mostly talked about the past and the topics on which these meetings there was no room. Jeremic also commented on the re-start negotiations on the border after a seven-year deadlock, stressing that this is an important beginning. The next round of talks will be held for a month, both sides reaffirmed their commitment to achieve progress in resolving this issue, &quot;Jeremic said.
 Decision on the Establishment of the Adriatic-Ionian macro-region, which includes member countries of the European Union candidate country, and those that will become the model of cooperation of the Baltic countries, the most important political decision of the Adriatic-Ionian Initiative, founded exactly 10 years in Ancona. The meeting adopted the Declaration on the support of the EU Strategy for the Adriatic-Ionian region.
 