Photo: Andrew Švogler, Cropix ahead of the start of the new season&#39;s League teams present to you the clubs from Zagreb and the surrounding area who will compete in the time being, the latest edition of Champions 16th Current champion Dynamo will fight for the title, but will its affiliates FC Inter and shed the last drop of sweat that would not be among the five teams that will come out from the league due to its reduction to 12 teams. &gt; What may Adriatic èetverac farewell to the league 16? &gt; Sibenik Slaven and you want Europe, Karlovac will again be a difficult sensation Dinamo for the sixth consecutive title as Dynamo, and in recent years enters the season&#39;s largest with the status of favorites to win the title Croatian champion, who won five times in a row. While Hajduk muèio privatization of the club, runaway juniors and arranging new teams every few months, Dinamo HRT had no real competition. This year the situation should be a little different.
 For Zdravko Mamiæa title is imperative and it must not come into question. In the new season with sixteen clubs Dinamo should have an easy job of collecting points against smaller teams, but last season they spilled a lot of points in such matches. This year, Hajduk kolko-tolko stabilized and ready for the race than it was last year. A major change in a blue dressing rooms, a new coach Velimir Zajec from which the club management and navijaèi much expected, but has yet to show whether the knowledge and skills to make something of Dinamo smear ¾ certain stars. It is a great handicap leaving Mary Mand ¾ ukiæa in Wolfsburg. The game, which has in recent years was the best scorer of the game and the teams has not got a substitute who should provide goals. He retired Robert Kovac, and new clubs are found Vrdoljak and Turina. He went and Karlo Primorac who failed to justify expectations this spring.
 Dynamos on the market seek was not as active as in recent years, but it worked on bringing young players who should secure the future. They arrived at the Maksimir Almir Bekiæ from Liberty, Ademi from Sibenik, Mesariæ of the locomotive, as lending came back and Sivonjiæ Chago. With this team, which consisted of Badelj, Morales and experienced Darius Šimiæa, Dynamo may campaign on the new title, but it certainly will not be easy. Dinamo B teams coming back in another league? When we talk about WIT, talking about Dinamo B teams for you, but young men from the Croatian league, the game and several players with solid experience prvoligaškog football. Lokos Last season they played well, placing in the middle of the table. They had no power for more than that, nor you will not fall because of the chaos in clubs such as Zagreb and Varteks. The best teams play last season was Nino Bule whose goals are important for the most deserving ¾&#39;s final placement.
 After numerous visits, among which are the ones Mesariæa (Dinamo) and Puljiæa (in Luzern), the locomotives were other young players from their drives and Dinamo. The new season of blue-white Males will defend, Andronic, Turina, all in a row reinforcing Dynamos, who were forwarded to the hardening of the Centar. They had some new names. Total amplifier with the club even ten o&#39;clock from four different players or you eligaška club. Given that the First Division will turn out even five clubs, FC and you&#39;ll have a difficult task in the preservation prvoligaškog status. The competition will be in the middle of the table to be strong, and young Lokomotivina teams will not have the strength for a big fight. Does Inter places among the 12 &quot;selected&quot;? Destiny zaprešiækog Inter also has been associated with the decisions and events in Dinamo, who for years fed players from his drive and backup teams. Inter last season they narrowly avoided relegation from the league, a scenario similar to those expected in the new season.
 New coach Ilija Lonèareviæ must first agree you learn a whole new teams of players who have at their disposal. The situation in Zaprešiæu the same as in other small Croatian clubs, every summer a large number of players leaving the club, a large number of new came, only a small number meet their abilities. Of the 15 players who left the club, most will miss Dinamo Elijah Sivonjiæ, experienced and Miroslav Šariæ Labudoviæ, Suarez and Covic. Of the 15 players for new large reinforcement can be considered Hrnèeviæ from Osijek and Babic from Zagreb who have experience in the league. For others it comes to young players from the lower ¾ eligaških clubs and own the facility, but they have yet to demonstrate the highest level. The big question is what will be with Matthew Delaèem who call waiting, Chelsea. But the Lonèareviæ may rely on some reliable players from last year, when the radiant young men such as Tomislav Šariæa, his namesake Bosec, and there are standard Grguroviæ, Jonjiæ and Guliæ.
 The preparations are more or less successfully been worked, Inter played matches against quality opponents, including English and Reading, from which the pore ¾ eni with 2:0. The new season will be intense, but also interesting, since the first time the league will turn out five clubs. Inter is one of the few clubs that are already before the start of the season predicted relegation, or at least tough fight for survival. If he succeeds Lonèareviæ employers ¾ iti dice, and that it may fail, especially if you get a new aid &quot;older brother&quot; Dinamo, which is in the interest of at least one of their branches remain a member najjaèeg Croatian football competitions. &quot;In the game, and 10 leagues, volunteer will not come off,&quot; After a long wandering in the second division in the First Division returned to Croatian volunteers who have for the first goal to stay. President Ivica Perkoviæ said he firmly believes in the goal that the mapped and would not be among the five teams that relegated to second division.
 &quot;To play 10 league and we we will not fall out. We believe the plan we have mapped,&quot; said Perkoviæ. From the players who went should only mention Santini and Šunjerga who crossed the Inter and Karlovac. Arrived, and ten new players which will coach Davor Mladina off to conquer the upper part of the table. Captain teams will be Matthew Grgiæ, 22-year-old who has defended the club since 2007. year. In midfield the main word would lead to some more experienced players, who &quot;play by the Croatian clubs and Gavranoviæ Janjetoviæ. From Hajduk was brought young Leopold Novak, who became famous for the excesses before the football umijeæu, a right step up could be a once great hope of the Zagreb Dinamo 22-year-old Albanian Jusufi Plumb, who played the past few years in the Slovenian League and Dynamo in Tirana. Men were promaknuæe won won third place in the second HNL, but it is difficult to expect that the same ranking exercise, and this season in the senior class.
 On the preparations have played a few games in major, but you are defeated first by certain Romanian Unireje with 4:1, and then from Zagreb with a 1-0, but showed that they know to play and that would not be what it was last year CROATIJA from Sesvete. With more to step up and good tactics, volunteer may struggle to survive, but difficult battle will have to lead with Inter, locomotives and others. Share
 