USKOK Barišića against opening an investigation (at least at this time) on suspicion that the main person organizing a criminal network that is over Fimi media marketing company dry of huge amounts of money from state companies and distributed them on the private and party accounts. The damage from that caused the state-owned enterprises, according to sources close to the investigation, significantly exceeds the amount of 66 million of which was taken into custody since August Nevenka Jurak, the owner of these marketing companies and close friend Mladen Barisic. It was, recall, was arrested last summer as the first link that fell in the criminal chain knitted at a meeting of the Cabinet building, 4th April 2007. year. The meeting was convened by then-Prime Minister Ivo Sanader. With the prime minister, the meeting was also his good friend Mladen Barisic and Chief of Cabinet and Sanader&#39;s right hand Ratko Macek. Invited were the top people at 18 state enterprises which the former prime minister held an introductory letter in which they were briefly informed that they will later in connection with a job to pay Barisic and to respond to him.
 So it was. Barisic were later called to suggest that by all criteria, tasks assigned Fimi media. In this way, knitted network which, according to the official USKOK doubts on the basis of which opens an investigation, were included Nevenka Jurak, her collaborator Anita Porter, owner of the company that operated the FIMI medium Bojan Dimić, and later the former head of the Croatian Forest Darko Beuk and others. Barišićevu &quot;party&quot; have been charged with consulting, marketing and similar agreements with FIMI medium withdrew money from the Croatian Postal Bank, Croatian Forests, HAC, HEP and others. From sources close to the investigation told us that they tested all the participants of the meeting which was convened by the PM that USKOK told during that meeting and how things are still flowing. On Barisic, stems, to recognize whom the relay money, or that I shall bear criminal responsibility for what happened. Against him, the act of association, opened the investigation for the illegal act of mediation, of which it is USKOK notified in May.
 Given that no one ever called in for questioning, Barisic last week asked the USKOK to be allowed to testify in his capacity as citizens or suspects. His request was, here today and met. After his arrest, we learn, Mladen Barisic was conducted search of an apartment and offices at the headquarters of the Customs Administration Humboldtovoj street. Police also searched his official and private car, and will perform his cell phone and search the computers that they use. No documentation, we found out today he has not taken away from home or office. After the necessary tests, the former treasurer of the HDZ was taken on the soil, the examination of the police department responsible for cases USKOK&#39;s jurisdiction, and hence brought in the afternoon USKOK Gajeva, where he again gave evidence. Today would be Barisic should appear at the Zagreb County Court, before Judge investigation to determine the one-month remand.
 The arrest of a former intimate of Prime Minister Ivo Sanader also coincided with the celebration of the police, but released Darko Beuk, former head of Croatian Forests, the freedom of the killed. Beuk, otherwise, last week sought to supplement his defense before the investigators, as he was on Tuesday enabled. In his testimony, unofficial information, Mladen Barisic mentioned as the main mediator Sanader, by whose instructions and radio. According to the findings of investigators, FIMI media is not the only marketing company through which the pull money out of state companies to put it mildly, a criminal way. Because it could easily happen that soon and other companies are included in the new investigation.
 