Written by Administrator Monday, 18 October 2010 17:17 20 years ago, precisely 15th October 1990. founded the Unit for Special Purpose Police Department Zadar, known as a jump. It was the first of the special police unit was established in the Republic of Croatia. Before leaping in Croatia there was only a special purpose Lučko, former RSUP, so Poskoci considered the originators of the special police units that have been established by the then police departments. The core consisted of leaping at the beginning of 30 members who completed the first course for a Croatian policeman. At the beginning of March 1991. year of the Special Purposes Unit established special police units PU Zadar. The first commander was George Prefect. During its existence, the duty commander horned performing are: The universe Vrsaljko, Nicholas and Anton Šindija Dražina. Unit after the first March is filled with 30 members, and 15th
 March with another 60 and at that time counts 130 members, including 20 reservists. Those days of troops, and war times, recalling the president of the special war Poskoci Ivica Kapitanović and vice president Mark Collina. Both say the unit was initially equipped with only the experience of military service in the JNA, the course first policeman, and the basic services but immediately carry out its mission of collecting intelligence data and security of important buildings. - It is interesting that our first exercise conducted at the test site Bokanjac, close to the members of the JNA which we later took the jeep, they said at the beginning Kapitanović and Culina. After a bloody Easter at Plitvice, special police units organized police station Polaca, Krusevo and Pridraga. At the same time the Yugoslav National Army is placed on the open side of the terrorists and insurgents who want to create an independent spiječiti independent Croatian Republic.
 For second May 1991. on the hill in Polaca Štrkovača in direct conflict with the enemy, was killed a member of the Special Unit Franko Fox. 17th July unit is included in the defense attacked the local population Lišane Ostrovičke, and then continues in places Novigrad, Pridraga, Krusevo, Nadin, Korlat, and then place Jasenice and olive groves, and Maslenica bridge. There Jasenice Poskoci cause significant losses to the enemy. - It may have been the most difficult days in the unit. From 9 to 12 September 1991. Poskoci water relentless fight to stop the enemy&#39;s combined tank-infantry attacks supported by artillery and aircraft in place Jasenice and Maslenica bridge, where the south side of the Maslenica bridge, along with members of the 112th National Guard brigade managed to stop the enemy from where it joins the defense of Fram and Visočane. Immediately after that unit continues to struggle actively including the defense of Zadar, and a great contribution to the defense gives winning the Yugoslav army barracks in Zadar, said the association&#39;s president Ivica Kapitanović.
 Marco Collina, who joined the special forces after the war in the southern battlefield states that have already 1991st realized the strategic importance of the Velebit mountain, you begin the preparation and implementation of group of special police forces, Ministry of the Interior. - So, by the action Maslenica, occupied all the important dimensions of Rizvanuše above Gospic, over Ivinih guidance to Tulove beams. So 28th August 1992. The section goes on Velebit leaping to establish a line of defense to prevent naprijateljskih reconnaissance actions. In one such survey on Velebit on 16 December 1992. in the enemy&#39;s ambush was killed then-deputy Dragan Zunic, says Collina. After Jasenica, Poskoci continues defense of Zadar, opposing the enemy in Murvica, Briševo, Poljica, Evidences and the Pag bridge, and the urban areas Bokanjca, plates and Dračevac. After the successful defense of the city of Zadar, opposing the enemy, together with other members of the police and National Guard members and establishing lines of defense, SJP performed a number of reconnaissance and sabotage activities in occupied territory.
 Unfortunately, 23 May 1992. The troops in the center of Zadar, from enemy grenade was killed a member of a special unit of the Sacred Denona. 19th January 1993. The members of the SPU begins with deep reconnaissance in the direction of action in the coming action &quot;Maslenica&quot; which commenced on 22 January 1993. year. Since the completion of action Maslenica members of SJP PU Zadar constantly involved in maintaining the front lines on Mt. 06th September 1993. The participating members of SJP in action &quot;Hop Pocket 1 93&quot; near Gospic. End of it their involvement in this operation unit continues with permanent missions on Mt. Velebit is all of those war years was home to horned. First December 1994. was a reconnaissance-operative group doing reconnaissance in the area of the Black leadership clashed with the enemy, causing him significant losses. - It has to withstand the temperature of minus 40 to plus 50 degrees celsius.
 How to be a demanding field, evidenced by the fact that the extraction of wounded lasted for several hours says Ivica Kapitanović by his comrades after he was wounded by a mine protupješake, 12 hours withdrew from the area of Lower beech. He survived thanks to them and first aid by his doctor suggested Tihomir Dunatov. From 4 to 12 May 1995. The majority of members of the viper is included in the military operation &quot;Flash&quot; in western Slavonia, participating in the search space and clearance of residual guerrilla formations. On the eve of 04th Storm August 1995. The entire unit of special police PU Zadar including the military redarstvernu action, moving through the Velebit Alan Little in the direction of the Holy Spirit within and the Prezid, Čelavcu and Gracac, to execute his duties in 14.40 hours of 05th August outbreak of the dry stone walls and Čelavac. The operation &quot;Storm&quot; 04 August, in a direct encounter with hostile attacks on Mali Alan was killed Baljak specialist Anthony, a 07th
 August of booby traps and destroyed the member of the Mark Vulich. After completion of military operation &quot;Storm&quot; SJP participated in the search area cleaning newly freed him from the enemy formations. Upon completion of the liberated areas Search SJP is included in the execution of tasks in action &quot;Back&quot; and the execution of tasks in Action Circle Dubrovnik &quot;and in securing the state border to move Licko Selo-Kulen Vakuf. When in 2001. there was a reorganization of the police, shut down and this is one of the elite troops of the Special Police Ministry of the Interior. Today, as the successor of the Special Police Unit &quot;Poskoci&quot; exists Riot police units PU Zadar. In the war by a special police unit PU Zadar, in public, known as &quot;Poskoci, were wounded by its members: Tomislav Drľić, Marjan Bukvic, Goran Miletic, M. Čakarun, Omer Šindija, Ivan Juric, I. Kapetanovic, Surać Martin, Peter and Frank Strmota Vuksan.
 Text: Siniša Klarica
 