Author: Automobile Club en Published: 06.07.2010 Žvan the wheel of a BMW E30 325 to the finals came across Tihomila Sparks, Marko Djuric and Miho Šuštaršič. For the first place raced against the great Thad GOSTINCAR in identical BMW clockwork racing drift open Croatian championship has gathered over 3000 viewers and fans of octane sport at &#39;House of Drift &quot;in the center of the polygon AMC Mićevcu. Among the 30 registered competitors, the best was Peter called, last year&#39;s champion of Croatian and Slovenian. Žvan the wheel of a BMW E30 325 to the finals came across Tihomila Sparks, Marko Djuric and Miho Šuštaršič. For the first place raced against the great Thad GOSTINCAR the equivalent BMW. Despite the excellent ride, and first place in the qualifying rounds, GOSTINCAR the highest pedestal of stairs escaped to just one point. Third place was won outstanding Marino Pirić in the BMW 328i E30, which is on the way to the semi-finals threw his club colleague, Josip Skoko and Dario Zagar prepared in the new Toyota Corolla AE86 with a powerful turbo engine of 330 hp.
 Pirić in the semi plowed into GOSTINCAR, and eventually had to settle with a well-deserved third place. In addition he has shown remarkable skill at the wheel, Pirić is also organizing the entire Croatian Drift Challenge Event. Contribution to strengthening the drift scene is certainly gave Miroslav Zrnčević Nissan Skylineu R34. The wicked drift car, imported from England, has produced a dazzling unfortunately not the result of the first race of the CDC, but we are confident that Zrnčević be much more better. There was no lack of surprises. The real show has made Vladimir Obranović the wheel of the powerful 125 hp Corolla AE86, but also a very good Serbian driver, Goran Simic, who with his 400 hp strong BMW 325 Turbo managed zadimiti entire polygon, and the majority of Mićevca. The next race Croatian Drift Challenge is scheduled for 04th September in Osijek, and the last race of the season is scheduled in early October at the AMC in Mićevcu. In the Drift Championship leader Peter called, but to his neck breathe Marino Pirić the second position and Marko Djuric in the fifth.
 Number of recommendations: 5 Publish to Facebook COMMENTS
 