Last weekend, played in the third Möhlin European Cup dijasporsko Croatian clubs, organized by Dinamo Möhlin and the Association of Croatian football clubs in Switzerland, under the auspices of the Football Association. Occurred nine teams from Slovenia, Germany, Sweden, France, Austria and Switzerland. Guests were du ¾ officials HNS from Croatian and other participating countries, and the Consul Stanley Lipnjak, Deputy Ambassador of the Republic, a representative of the Consulate in Zurich, Peter Kuntiæ President DSHV (Democratic Alliance of Croats of Vojvodina), Stipe Puda editor of the foreign editions Veèernjeg list, and many others guests. On the first day teams are arriving in Möhlin, and before the evening was made to keep you Clay teams, which were divided into three groups. On the second day all the teams are lined up and held you registered a solemn opening of this first class sporting Events for the Croats in Europe and Switzerland. After the opening ceremony and introductions to players, spectators and guests of the organizers, the teams went into the campaign against European football&#39;s crown.
 The competition was extremely strong, because it was the nine best dijasporskih team, they finished in this championship. NK Velebit from Sweden, has already twice won this championship, NK Croatia Berlin was a very good team, Croatia Zagreb Stuttgart was a dangerous team, one of the representatives of Switzerland FC Zürich Croatia was firmly team, which has already won the championship, and in Switzerland Cup goes on. All teams have played good football and fair play. As a cultural program is distinguished performance KUD Posavina Zürich-Baden, who delighted everyone with his performance. Entire day under the tent to sing, and were organized and fun after the football show. The organizers took care of for good food and drink so no one could remain hungry or ¾ edan, and it is time job you meant the organizers, because it was extremely hot after heavy rains in May. Yet it did not attract viewers in Möhlin, because I&#39;m expecting more spectators.
 After enactment of the first round of the you and the circle of the first Third place went to the Stuttgart Croatia Zagreb, Croatia FC Zurich and FC Möhlin, while other teams play for the center from 4 to 9 NK Croatia played the first game that day against the hosts, and followed the defeat of 2:0. After the defeat of Croatia NK is back with a match against the eponymous team from Stuttgart, savladavši them with 3:1. Everything is decided on the last game between the host and Croatia Stuttgart, which Dinamo resolve in his favor with a 2:1, a goal for Croatia Stuttgart was an own goal, scored by the captain of Dinamo Dejan Rakitiæ, brother John Rakitiæa our national team. Neither the own goal did not diminish the victory Dynamos, who became a champion of third European Football Championship dijasporskog Croatian clubs. Rank was the following: NK Dinamo Möhlin, 1 place and European Champion Croatian diaspora NK Croatia Zurich, 2 place and European vice-champion of Croatia Zagreb Croatian diaspora Stuttgart, third place NK Velebit, 4
 place SD Croatia Berlin, 5 place Cro Vienna, 6 place ZHDS Slovenia, 7 Croatia Villefranche place, 8 place Croatia Mülheim, 9 Fair Play place trophy won by Team SD Croatia Berlin, for the best players was named Ivan Bo ¾ iæ (Dinamo), best goalkeeper Alen Bukviæ (Croatia Stuttgart), the top scorer Andreas Kakiæ (NK Velebit Sweden). Luke Rakitiæ surrender Fair Play Cup Team SD Croatia Berlin Pero Saric on behalf of HNS uruèuje prizes Dinamo captain Dejan Möhlin Rakitic Except as Dynamo Möhlin received interim cup, the first three winning teams were awarded trophies, medals and gifts, they uruèili representatives of the HNS, the Embassy, Consulate, the Association of Croatian football clubs in Switzerland and representatives of Dinamo. The winning team Dinamo Möhlin posed by numerous photographers giveaway ended the football spectacle, and good memories we will remain good football and a great social dijasporskih search for Croatian clubs in Europe.
 Pero Šariæ on behalf of the HNS and thanked all the teams in good and fair play football, and thanked the visitors for visiting. Organizers can be satisfied, because everything went just fine, without any incidents and problems, and the organization has successfully implemented, it remains to congratulate everyone in the organization of the host, via UHNKŠ to HNS. Given that we are in the tournament had two photographers and that they both made a number of beautiful pictures, and it would be a shame not to announce such a significant way dokunente competitions, see the following two fotozapisa: Fotozapis Fotozapis 1 and 2 for Portal: Report, Stephanie Spehar Photo : Stephanie Spehar, John Barišiæ
 