Deblocking of accession talks between EU and Croatian, which was proposed by France, which presides over the EU, the Slovenian prime minister Borut Pahor is practically ruled out. He was in Brussels, told Slovenian media already strained relations between the Croatian and Slovenian, still further intensified. Confidently concluded that the legal department of Slovenian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has made the draft text, which according to him, &quot;waterproof&quot; and moreover a very clear and demanding. He expressed that he does not expect less from the fact that French served Zagreb, Sanader said that he signed and in writing his observations on the proposal of the French Presidency. On top of that, Pahor is expected to record all the conclusions of the EU, and then adds that the Slovenian side would no longer have reason to fear the Croatian documents which according to them, determines the boundary between the two countries. Pahor concluded that if these conditions are not met, there will be no opening other negotiating chapters in accession negotiations with the EU that Croatian
 Croatia would be found dead in the water negotiations. Sanader said that the phone with him, there&#39;s nothing to talk and tell him more than what he said before the media. Decision on the integration of European concessions in Ireland Accession Treaty Croatian EU could significantly speed up the ratification process and prevent a new cycle &quot;poltike conditionality,&quot; ie, prevent the repetition of the situation similar to that which occurred with the ratification of the Stabilization and Association Agreement, when some states postponed ratification of causing the Croatian cooperation with ICTY. Now the date of joining the 2011th does not seem unachievable. Possible calendar is as follows: In the conclusions of the European Council of 12 12th 2008th does not mention this option. But the problem has already been entered in a big way in European politics. For example on the blog Financial Times. Or, for example, the Deutsche Welle website where you can see exactly what Mr Sarkozy said. As I write this I am not entirely clear whether Mr. based
 Sarkozy his statement on the decision or gentelmenskom agreement within the European Council. However, if it truly guarantees for Ireland to be integrated into the Treaty of Accession Croatian, Croatian then he or she can &quot;veto&quot; that can counteract the Slovenian blockade and threats of a referendum on Croatian membership in EU. Since the accession treaty must be ratified by all member states and Croatia, in such a situation, Croatia could refuse to ratify the Accession Treaty, but also its constituent parts, which would include guarantees for Ireland. This would come into question and an agreement that the European Council reached 12th December 2008. which is accepted by the conclusions. In other words, the Slovenian Croatian insistence on blocking access to and destroyed the basis for future development of the European Union which is not realistic.
 