Text: HA / PV Photo: Tea Cimaš / Cropix, Zeljko ® Sop / Cropix SERBIAN President Boris Tadic has landed a little after ten o&#39;clock at Rijeka airport on the island. The alj met with Josipoviæem. &quot;The meeting without ties&quot; testifies to the fact that it is informal ¾ Official meeting the two presidents. Tadic and Croatian Josipoviæ ship Navy &#39;pure&#39; Great &#39;and then they went to Opatija, where they arrived at 12.30. After that headed on foot to the restaurant where he will Bevanda ruèati. About 15 hours are provided the first public statements. Given that the road from Krk to Opatija lasted more than two hours, it is assumed that the greater part of the anticipated conversation presidents already done na &quot;Èistoj great&quot;. In Opatija and Josipoviæa Tadic welcomed the mayor Ivo Dujmiæ. Two of the President during the walk to the restaurant Bevanda very æaskala Sincerely yours. Tadic at one point he leaned over the edge of the waterfront and said that &quot;more should look closely when you come to it&quot;.
 Josipoviæ the Serbian president speak for the sights of Opatija, in which he Tadic said &quot;I have already buckled. There you bu genocide settle out of court in 15 hours were Josipoviæ and Tadic addressed reporters together. Croatian and Serbian President discussed the stabilization of relations, that you would for the genocide, tourism, and even Davis Cup meèu between Croatian and Serbian, which is soon to play in Split. Particularly interesting are their thoughts on this you would for genocide by Croatia against Serbia. Tadic stressed that this was the best bu ¾ resolved out of court settlement and agreed Josipoviæ ¾ io. &quot;There is not a ¾ ba own sake,&quot; to ¾ Josipoviæ and explains that he would not make sense if it finds the possibility that all the issues she obuhvaæa resolved by settlement. The first tourists on the Adriatic Journalists Serbian president was asked whether tourists in Serbia invited to spend the summer in the Adriatic. &quot;I think his visit to Opatija sent the best message.
 I am the first Serbian tourists in Croatia this year, &quot;says ¾ e Tadic and emphasizes that he is certain that the Serbian tourists in Croatia welcome, although both sides of the border and there are still prejudices and stereotypes from the past that hinder fruitful cooperation at all levels. Presidents have commented and a statement of Milorad Dodik as the time for calm irritation ¾ enjoyment in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the breakaway Republic of Serbian. Tadic Dodik has made clear that he opposes. &quot;Serbia is a signatory to the Dayton agreement, and not may be supported ATI division of Bosnia. President Josipoviæ and I agree that the integrity of Bosnia and Herzegovina shall not be questioned, &quot;to ¾ e Tadic. And that is a conversation between the two presidents went to neoptereæenoj and le ¾ ernoj atmosphere Testifies and to find time for sport. The tapestry was tennis or the recent Davis Cup essay on the occasion that the Tadic and discreetly Josipoviæ podbadali.
 &quot;This is an open question that will best solve Novak Ðokoviæ,&quot; said Tadic, a Josipoviæ he countered by saying the best was yet Arbitrator John Ljubièiæ. Išèekivanje first meeting The first meeting of two presidents išèekuje since the inauguration of the Josipoviæeve by Tadic refused to come because of the arrival of the Kosovo president. Boris Tadic, then said: &quot;The inauguration will come only one of us - or me or Sejdiu. In recent days, speculation that the first meeting will be on Saturday in Brussels, where he will Josipoviæ Tadic to attend the international forum on the situation in the Western Balkans. However, none of them has not been confirmed, nor denied it will be there to meet the official formally. &quot;We have not talked about the bilateral meeting, but does not exclude that this came up. Many times I have expressed willingness to talk, and what Regarding this situation, yet we see,&quot; he told Today Josipoviæ. A similar answer sheet is received from the office of Serbian President.
 &quot;We do not know whether to be in Brussels to meet with Tadic Josipoviæem. Of course, you wish for dialogue exists,&quot; the statement from the office of Serbian President. Share
 