 Renowned nehadezeovci And that&#39;s only half the story of Croatian poets, politicians-because the other half are like dead nehadezeovci Government Gotovca or Boris Maruna, Bandic associates Ladislav Prezigal, svojedobnog Assistant Minister Branka Vujic Males, and many others. Such a multitude of politicians-the poet is not surprising if we bear in mind that the poet Nazor established and the source base of this country - ZAVNOH - once crossed by boat to the other side of the Coupe. So, with due honor European haiku masters who teach us wrong, work and democracy, on the poetry of politics we can not learn much. Uncle Luke: The song scored for the great popularity of haiku poetry, heard about the recent seven-day stay in Japan and our Uncle Luke, and so I wanted to try out this form. &quot;Snake looking frog. Frog crying. Poor frog, &quot;says the popular&quot; haiku volcanic &quot;head of the Croatian parliament. Who about what, Neretvanac about frogs.
 We are waiting for the new eels. Kosor: Knowing I knew I had no heat and my life will not be sufficient to repay the force beggars who would die tonight in my champagne bottles An error Vlatko Pavletic: Verses on the country, the Party and Tito eight fine, with slogans and flags, Stupa, shouting Titus. In reality we are living dreams. And when you dry up the mouth of exultation Another triple: Hooray! What treetops bend and frightens pigeons, another geyser of love that has no borders: People - TITO - PARTY Ivo Sanader: Nenia Salonitana Enough of half-measures. I will, eventually, the male to me. Balkans, the word table. And this: Now. Immediately. Nunc aut numquam. I&#39;m sick of half. Who will me, ah, who is me, finally, men? Drhćem excited. Zakoraknuti in history? Quid multa? Guys wait. Finish! I&#39;m sick of half. Numerus Negidius. Stop it, finally, the agony. Boring a series of historical lizard. Faex populi. Wait with the asphalt.
 Cut first. I&#39;m sick of half. From the Avars to the present. All cleared, finally. O, sancta simplicitas. Contributor reach me! Do not hesitate. Tear. Ob maior cautella. I&#39;m sick of half. For the fifth time. According to one again. Finally: Prepare! About fictus possessor. In memoriam: My name is often call. Nuper obiit. Milivoj Slaviček: My Franjo Tudjman Rode, O people, from time to time in the century, statistically speaking - sometimes one or two they know the past, dream the future, then sow the seeds that, sooner or later, the sprout: it is the germ of a plot razbukti , death, program or file Il, finally, the final act: the state - the patron home and then waking it with new hope, the leader of what, after all, There was also the Christ of Java hopes and sweetness, go slowly, the fears and darkness, someone will say: gle panegyrics to what we already know! OK. Let! We know and love many verses and write them again and again, again and again before the mirage that it is far more: the doors are our epoch! DAVOR WINGS
 