Honestly, the World Cup final in South Africa will face the two best - European teams. Spain and the Netherlands. Compose a tried and tested professionals who shine in their clubs and play for your team with patriotic fervor, passion, noting the professionalism and discipline. These two teams have come to the top of the world are not accidental, but based on the great work and sacrifice, because the illusions that in football anything can happen accidentally. After all, Spain is the European champion, a great cascade team that plays attractive football, with short passes, detection, marking and I was really nice to watch the Spaniards. However, Spain did not play only beautiful, but also purposeful and patient. Let&#39;s look at their last two matches, quarter-and semi-final against Paraguay and Germany, just before the final whistle the Spaniards defeated opposition rivals who mostly defended. A defense because he had to defend.
 And he had to defend just because Spain constant attack. Yes, Spaniards are playing attacking football and it is proud. Although they had difficulty in the group after the sudden start of defeat against Switzerland, the team coach Vicente Del Boquea has found the strength to the &quot;extraordinary situation&quot; and again found out of position at all pleasant. For it is not easy to be a favorite at the start of the competition, which suffers defeat. Party in the semifinals against Germany is the best Spanish design in this competition. Although, I must return to happiness, because happiness is never without success, the Spaniards again she was an ally. Like Paraguay and Germany have so missed his chance after the match ball Klosea, and could talk about what nedosuđenom penalties from the first part. These are facts. But the fact is the Spanish domination, creating opportunity, the possession of the ball and really technical superiority. I expected more, otherwise, from Germany, which is there, to be defended.
 But the real result will be used to take the risk, literally nod to both the eye and move forward. The Germans themselves are not brought into such a situation, before they turned chess game rather than risk. However, it should not be put an end to the fault, Germany is on this championship was a really pleasant surprise, so finally we can say that Germany is playing in this competition - nice for some. Netherlands, the biggest football nation that has no world title will be the real rival of the brilliant Spanish. Holland school football would have to finally get confirmation of its value, but how to do it against another superpower that does not have a world title. Yes, kojagod team win a world title, it will be her first title only. Both teams are in the finals, well, the same motive, and it assures us a great final performance in which they can not choose favorites. Both teams have the best striker and the Spaniard and the Dutchman Sneijder Villa scored five goals, both have a great middle order, korpulentnu and solid defense and goalies what you would want just any team.
 All this guarantees the enjoyment of which, just to mention, the coaches will not be taken into account. The stake is the life of the finals, which will play, so be careful we do not have to wonder who will spring from adding the beginning of each match. But equally znajmo that this caution is a logical sequence of ambition that coaches with their bands led to the roof of the world. They&#39;ll win, of course, as always those who will be fewer mistakes, who will help to combat anxiety and rival. Often we say that every goal is the result of some mistakes. After all, if the game ideal, if there were no errors, then there would be no goals. Goal can not score if someone makes a mistake on the opposite side. Well, I look forward to the finals and I wonder who will be more mistakes in it. I do at this point can not assume!
 