And the unions would be less work to do in Croatia, more foreign investment. And why not? Some say - because they are expensive, others - because we are corrupt. A third say they are complicated, the fourth - the reason is a worldwide crisis, and the fifth wonder - what will we do you party? But what we really think the party of a country that is listed as the World Bank one hundred and first the attractiveness to investors? Frankly, it seems that it is complicated to build a factory in Croatia. Before construction is necessary to provide complete infrastructure, manufacturing of parts. It is even harder, given that China, Vietnam and Turkey are becoming stronger forces, said Yoshisato Khazars, a former manager of &quot;Sharp&quot;. The logistics center for the entry of goods into Europe, Croatia should not even attempt to surpass the country with cheap labor, they should educate their people waist high. Croatia may be a good logistics center for the entry of goods into Europe.
 Given the geographic location in the heart of Europe and developed maritime routes, Croatia can be competitive in the goods transport and deliver goods to any part of Europe with a big advantage, said the director of the Khazars. The crisis has exposed the many problems of the Croatian economy, he said recently, students of economics in Zagreb, U.S. Ambassador James B. Foley. Croatia is not Greece. There are two identical countries, Croatia has important advantages. But in a deeper sense, we are now Greece. Almost all Western economies are living beyond their means. We borrow from the future, so we paid the illusion of progress today, &quot;said Foley. Croatia can not afford to sit and not do anything last year, foreign direct investment in Croatia fell below $ 3 billion, less than 5% of GDP. Kosor economic program, is an example of leadership, says U.S. ambassador. Clearly, you understand that Croatia can not afford to sit and do nothing, waiting for the crisis to pass.
 What impressed me the plan touches on many structural problems that plague the economy for years, said Foley. It is difficult to show the world of Croatia as an attractive place for investment. Industrialists are waiting too long to permit the ownership certificates, public tenders are awkward, expensive workers, providing high parafiscal. If only the Japanese have heard that in the U.S. there are more than 250 non-tax benefits!
 