German banks, which were affected by the economic and financial crisis and that the state (or rather, the German taxpayers) gave huge financial support, again &quot;with his fist, and capped&quot; pay their managers. How the newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Sonntagszeitung (FAZ), about 200 bankers just those banks that have a few months ago seeking urgent public assistance, once again gets a salary amounting to more than half a million. Managers earn more than the head of the board Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: SoFFin not set a binding wage for managers Although the double-digit millions in salaries, as they were before the financial crisis, today&#39;s &quot;really rare&quot;, says the FAZ, the managers concerned Banks have long again receive a monthly salary in the single-digit millions. It is a salary up to ten million annually. German fund to stabilize the financial markets (SoFFin), namely, &quot;rebuked&quot; is a Board member of German banks that received public assistance and ordered them to pay the binding amount of 500,000 euros per year.
 No SoFFin not set any binding wage for managers of these banks, which according to the function immediately below the board members. In Commerzbanci, which the German government provided assistance in the amount of 18.2 billion euros, about 50 bankers today even earn more money than the head of the board of the bank Martin Blessings, writes the FAZ. According to business reports Commerzbank, Blessings earns 500,000 euros a year, adding insurance and pension costs of official vehicles. Paid premiums amounting to 25 million euros Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The Case of Hypo Real Estate Boards on the table for the financial market discontent and opposition in particular has caused bank Hypo Real Estate (HRE). It is important at the outset to recall that the state with the help of several banks stagger HRE has given billions of euros and took about 100 billion euros in guarantees, and became the owner of 94.73 per cent stake in the bank.
 But that apparently did not prevent the bank to pay premiums to their employees in the amount of 25 million euros. This will be the case at a special session on Monday (27.9.) Committees to deal with the financial market in the Bundestag. President of Boards and FDP&#39;s a politician, Florian Toncar the FAZ said: &quot;I&#39;d collected a few more information about the case of HRE. How many employees of the bank benefited from 25 million euros? On the basis of any success achieved?&quot; Expert in finance from the Green Party, Alexander Bonde requires: &quot;We need a transparent process of action, because politics in this matter is in the dark.&quot; Bond just in the case of Commerzbank may not understand the way we treat the German government. &quot;This is the grave of one million, which is becoming deeper. And we just throw out the window 25 million euros,&quot; he says. But according to statements of Commerzbank spokesman, none of the employees to whom the premium is not paid, including in the monthly salary, earnings reached more than 500,000 euros.
 However, some of them are located directly below the &quot;permissible&quot; 500,000. Author: Maria Ljubicic / ap / dpa / rtrd Re. Editor: Zeljko Telišman
 