Author: Slavica Lukic Published: 01.11.2010 The mood of the nation is diametrically opposite of what the beginning of the mandate of the HDZ-led government ZAGREB - Even 61.5 percent of citizens believes that the current situation in Croatia is very bad. Three years ago, at the beginning of the mandate of HDZ government, in December 2007. only 11.8 percent shared that view. The number of extremely disgruntled situation in Croatia in the last three years increased 5.5 times or even 49.7 percent. Showed that a telephone survey agency Mediana Fides conducted from 26 to 30 October on a sample of 743 respondents. RELATED NEWS News Invisible ministers if we add to those who judged that the current situation in Croatia is very poor and who is generally considered poor, the number of unhappy circumstances in the country rises to a dizzying 90.9 percent of respondents. In accordance with that melted the percentage of those who believe that the current situation in Croatia are mostly or very good, and it is only 8.5 percent, while three years ago was šeterostruko more - 48.5 percent.
 The most popular among the 16 ministers in the Government Kosoričinoj Karamarko, the only non-party minister, a najnepopularniji - Finance Minister Ivan Suker. But even on the scale Karamarko 1:00 to 5:00 did not reach any solid trio, but a modest 2.8 rating. Although dissatisfied with the economic and social conditions in the country, citizens still receive any payment Affairs Minister unutarnijh dugoiščekivani showdown with corruption. On the second and third place in the list of popularity are quite invisible to the Minister of Tourism HSS member Damir Bajs and Culture Minister Bozo Biskupic. While Bajs high position may explain the optimistic physical indicators of the tourist season, Biskupic position is explicable only by the fact that his name has not been mentioned in the context of the corruption scandals of the period, Sanader&#39;s government. A series of Ministers, which is classified as mid-range category. Pale pale Jandroković lead belongs to the Minister of Foreign Affairs Gordan Jandrokovic which respondents give high grade 2.47, and this set of nine ministers within Petar Cobankovic with a score of 2.19.
 It is interesting that in this group and Economy Minister George Popijač, whose ratings had been rebound in positive or in negative terms, since it is at the forefront of the most important portfolios to pull the country out of crisis. Popijac position in the middle, where it is squeezed between Branko Vukelic and Davorin Mlakar, a clear sign that it has not emerged as a figure of central importance. Title najnepopularnijeg Minister Suker is primarily earned by frequent revelations of millions on new assignments. He became a symbol of wasteful government and the personification of the fear of debt bondage and the financial collapse of the state. His over-confident, sometimes arrogant style that is incommensurate with the pessimistic citizens of the state treasury an additional irritant. This is the first study in which long-lived tehnokratkinja the HDZ government Marina Matulovic Dropulic found in the most unpopular club, because in the past regularly placed in the top half of rankings.
 Public recognition of public recognition that she was familiar with the details of the share exchange agreement with INA MOL, as well as the frequent criticisms of civil organizations that denounced as a powerful protector of building lobbies have contributed to its highly negative public perception. Milanovic Kosor ahead by 4.8% It is interesting that almost one third of the respondents, 29.4 percent think that neither of two leading politicians, Kosor and Zoran Milanovic, is not capable to lead the country in the current circumstances. The modest benefit of 4.8 percent by the respondents gave him over Kosor indicator is over which would be an ambitious SDP President Milanovic had to imagine a good deal, especially if you have in mind that the advantage of the SDP and the HDZ, according to the latest research essential more convincing than 4.8 percent. When the respondents were asked to state your own name politicians who estimated that in these circumstances, the most capable to lead the country, the name of Zoran Milanovic has led them 16.6 percent, Kosor&#39;s 13.3 percent, 12.6 percent cited the name of Ivo Josipovic while 10.5 percent believe that the leader was the best governor of the CNB Zeljko Rohatinski.
 However, with open-ended questions 30 percent of respondents did not mention any one name who believes that it is capable to lead the country, which confirms the conclusion that almost a third of respondents among current politicians can not see the leaders doraslog crisis. Number of recommendations: 51 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 