Europe is celebrating her day, 9 May, the day of victory for fascism and Nazism, of two evils, two criminal ideology that the same Europe wrapped in black. Europe is the ninth May broke free. Specifically, one part of Europe. Eastern Europe there is a new slavery, communist single-mindedness, a new evil equal to that of Fascism and Nazism. Therefore, the words sounded cynical president of the anti-fascist fighters and anti-fascist Croatian Vesna Čulinović Konstantinović as our 1945th got freedom! And more than a cynical! Because it is not a struggle by Croatian and Yugoslav communists waged was the anti-fascist, it was primarily a revolutionary war to establish a new order, largely modeled after the Bolshevik revolution. Revolution in Yugoslavia, first in World War II, she hid behind the struggle for national liberation and the liberation war, and all the enemies and rivals persecuted under the pretext that they are traitors and enemy collaborators.
 After the war, gradually began to talk about socialism, opened after the 1947th, and emphasize the Communist Party of Yugoslavia, and opponents are increasingly persecuted as a counter-revolutionary, or class enemies. In Yugoslavia, for anti-fascism and just could not hear. Celebrating the revolution! In addition to Tito&#39;s character uljepšavan by Communist propaganda, he became the darling of the West when he broke with Stalin. Regardless of what he was also a Bolshevik communist, as in Yugoslavia was a dictatorship, the West is fond of Tito and used as a Trojan horse in the communist stock. Some of us still stubbornly trying to convince Tito&#39;s pro-Western &quot;democratic&quot; positions and prove that he has since the Second World War does not belong to the Stalinist option and the responsibility for all the negativity attributed to the &quot;Stalinist group,&quot; the Communist Party of Yugoslavia. But the Communist Party Central Committee, and Tito had during the war, from beginning to end, intense relationship with the Comintern, which he sent detailed reports to the instructions received from it.
 The Soviets are the international-political reasons, and relations with allies indulging public conduct of British policy towards Yugoslavia. Suffice it to recall the &quot;left turn&quot; at the end of the Yugoslav Communists 1941st and early 1942nd when to implement the &quot;proletarian stage&quot; of their struggle in the second plan put the war against the Axis powers, as opposed to class struggle against the domestic &quot;counterrevolution.&quot; In this, it is precisely Tito just before the war boljševizirao uncompromising Communist Party of Yugoslavia, were &quot;advanced&quot; and the guidelines that were coming from Moscow. Then among the partisans, presumably in the spirit of their &quot;pro-Western orientation&quot; was a popular ditty &quot;Partisans&quot; save the machine guns that are waiting for the king and the English! &quot;When in 1948. Marshal Tito and Generalissimo Stalin gone, Tito was admitted to the separation experienced extremely difficult: &quot;You know, it was just a shock, but something much deeper&quot;, and explained: &quot;The Communists may have the hardest time in life when it comes to this that he can break down everything in what he believed and what is self-built &quot;, but Tito&#39;s Stalinist orientation is still present.
 And after he was shoved by Stalin himself, a portrait of the dictator kremaljskog at the central celebration of the first May 1949. Belgrade was next to his. Show details for Communist Party of Yugoslavia, &quot;Borba&quot; 4 listopada 1949th Stalin called &quot;the greatest living authority in the democratic world.&quot; Until the resolution of the Cominform, and even later, singing in Yugoslavia on all sides: &quot;With Tito and Stalin, two heroic son, not even Hell shall stop.&quot; Staljinizacija or boljševizacija or komunizacija in Yugoslavia increases precisely in postwar period and especially after the 1948th As for the West and democracy are concerned, singing is also widely: &quot;America and England will be the country of the proletarian.&quot; Only the uninitiated it was extremely clear about what it was. Therefore, should pay tribute to all those Croatian partisan and partisans who have gone to war primarily to defend their own freedom, dignity and liberation of their country, the rebellion by the Ustasha, German, Italian and Chetnik crimes, which were deeply ingrained religious beliefs ideological communism.
 These were truly anti-fascists, especially those in Istria and Dalmatia. And that should be condemned and the other that a good part of these partisan and partisan advantage to its own communist revolution and the bloody seizure of power. While in our part of the political cream, loaded with old times and their biographies, bitches Tito at the stars, here is what Stalin said about the Russian President, Dimitri Medvedev: &quot;Do not speak under any circumstances on the return of Stalinism in our daily lives, to return symbols, that we intend to use some posters or anything else. It is not so and will not be so. It is absolutely not an option. And the fact that many seniors, people from generations of winners, have a good opinion about Stalin - this is not surprising. I think they are entitled to it. Everyone is entitled to its assessment. Another question to which such personal ratings should not affect the attitude of the state.
 There apolutno obvious things - the Great Fatherland War he was our nation, nor Stalin, nor even the generals have not done something as important as people. Yes, their role was, of course, very serious, but at the same time, the people won the war at the cost of enormous efforts, the cost of many lives. Some people believe that the role of commander in chief was exceptional, some believe that it is not. There is no question that, but how we look at the figure of Stalin as a whole. If you are talking about the official assessment of Stalin until he came to the government in recent years, the appearance of a new Russian government, the assessment is clear: Stalin committed mass crimes prtiv people. Despite the fact that it worked hard, despite the fact that under his leadership, the state failed, what has done people can not be forgiven. &quot;Artyom Ulunjan a Russian historian of the young generation who wants to demystify and depoliticize the part of Russian history. His stance on Stalin is as follows: &quot;There is a tendency to take his role in a modernized way and used for political purposes of the present Russia as it is, according to some, a big, important politician and winner of the war.
 So the question is whether he&#39;s a historical figure or symbol which is to be used for daily-use. Unfortunately, it&#39;s no secret that part of the political, and professional and social forces still considers Stalin&#39;s big winner, and clever tactician and practitioners. Mythologization Stalin used to a daily political purposes, and not so much he as a person, as his aura. In one book even said that Stalin was a successful manager because of the semi-literate and agrarian countries created the nuclear, industrial and political superpower. It is monstrous because it not only ignores the way in which he came to that, but it imposes an additional question - how exactly did he achieve this? In fact there are a lot of Communist propaganda. Precisely because of this &#39;glorious&#39; industrialization destroyed the Russian agriculture and village. The USSR was a permanent deficit products, errors in the economy - a policy not to speak of - have led to the disintegration and collapse, and his glorious state! He was a successful manager of the concentration camps! By the same logic by which the successful manager of Hitler, Stalin was a successful builder of highways! Personally I think it should come to condemn the communist system.
 Not this or that communism as a system, regardless of whether it is one liberal in Yugoslavia or completely dark as in Albania. Nazism was a genocide, but communism is socidan. Destroying the people, not by national and religious principle, but because of membership in a particular class, social, or social group. You know, we do not argue about which system was bad, which is good, but which of these two evils any more! Nazism is no dispute was great, if not the greatest crime in human history, but it does not mean that the latter were good. &quot;Have you noticed any similarities with what is happening today around Tito in Croatia? Communism is in addition to some of its parts and was still genocide. This was confirmed by Mirko Tepavac, Federal Secretary for Foreign Affairs of Yugoslavia 1969th to 1972nd, which in their memories 1998th argued that the German minority in Yugoslavia, the Volksdeutschers, genocide under the direct leadership of Tito and with his written orders, as Tito, and later admitted his biographer Vladimir Dedijer.
 Vladimir Velebit, one of Tito&#39;s close associates and connoisseurs, the later is not doubted: &quot;Tito is formed in the spirit of Bolshevism, and was never completely relieved of some Bolshevik dogma. The main weakness of Yugoslavia and its social and political order was a one-party system. It was so weak that we can ignore the other. Tito was the main proponent of such a system. He is under the influence of Bolshevik ideology and the Soviet Union was formed as a follower of the dogma of the proletarian revolution and dictatorship of the proletariat and a party that is the role of the avant-garde takes on the mission of building socialism and the creation of a classless society, etc. As much as he was visionary and realistic, Tito did not see that in the changed circumstances of a dogma and a solution is untenable. To Yugoslav ship successfully directed the navigation in the future, it is absolutely necessary to break with the party system, and do not introduce him 1945th
 years, even if another party or several, and not Communist, won the elections. Had to be on a truly democratic way to set and adhere to the will of the people. Tito has always opposed, too afraid of Western influence, the restoration of capitalism and the power of the bourgeoisie. Had to practice freedom of speech, assembly, association, union organizing. Unions, for instance, did not perform their proper role, were more bureaucratic government service, forcing the workers to carry out what is the state apparatus, or sought their role reduced to care and food for winter holidays, which is, admittedly, it is desirable and commendable, but not enough. &quot;Or, Milovan Djilas, a member of Tito&#39;s closest associates, but it did not rule out the best 1954th, he adds:&quot; Tito is a politician of significant achievements and developments within the communist movement, but also big, memorable and irreparable miss the broader, democratic and human level.
 A politician of exceptional skill, instincts and reliable unexpended energy. But the figure toward the government, to personal power, to the extent that it is overlooked, and in crucial moments, and suppressed the occurrence and trends that enhance life, that society and individuals have done more open and more creative. &quot;And who is sensible and rational now, there may speak positively about Tito, Communism and Yugoslavia? PS first How is the Day of Europe in Croatia still a few days later regarding the marking Bleiburška tragedy, the paper is a synthesis of these issues from the pen of fellow PhD. Zdravko Dizdar, the Croatian Institute of History, in which he summed up his research, and it is particularly important because of some new documents of the Communist provenance. Zdravko Dizdar Bleiburg-second In a lot of us are talking about the European future of Croatian and deftly like to bypass the key EU documents on condemning communism and its crimes.
 Kosor to Bleiburg field these days called on the UN Declaration on Human Rights, Resolution of the Council of Europe in 2006. and the Declaration of the Croatian Parliament the same year, but failed to mention the resolution of the European Parliament in 2009. on European Conscience and totalitarianism. Therefore, all these documents can also bring in contributions, that are all handy in one place. Declaration of the UN 1948 Resolution of the Council of Europe Declaration of the Croatian Parliament European Parliament Resolution 3rd After Slovenia, and Serbia began an organized study of victims of communist mass grave sites. For this purpose, established a State Commission for investigation and recording of secret graves of those killed citizens of Serbia after September 1944. year. Information on how you look at some of the following links: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IufyLB7YofE http://www.novosti.rs/ http://www.glas-javnosti.rs/clanak/ srbija/glas-javnosti-06-05-2010/otkrivaje-grobnica-komunistickih-zrtava-u-zajecaru http://www.facebook.com/?ref=home # / group.php? gid = 106487369396108Share
 