SOUTH LONDON AND MAGIC ENGLISH Oxford - Cambridge - Devon - Cornwall - Stonehenge - London Travel Date: 17 - 27.7.2010. GUARANTEED DEPARTURE VALUE OVER: ON HALF BOARD, entrance fee, lunch in a pub, English tea with cookies and navigation of large cruisers! Weather - London Cloudy 6 o C Humidity: 76% Wind: SW at 14 km / h sat 0 ⇒ 5 oC &quot;Rain&quot; Sun 3 0 ⇒ C &quot;Clear&quot; Mon 3 -2 ⇒ C &quot;Clear&quot; Program 1st Trip Day, 17.7. / SATURDAY: ZAGREB - FRANKFURT / NEAR Bus departure from the bus station in Zagreb, 502-506 peroni at 5:00 pm. Driving through Slovenia and Austria with a short stop by. Continue traveling through Germany via Nuremberg and Würzburg to Frankfurt. A visit to the city center of one of the most important German cities: Römer Square - Cathedral of St.. Bartholomew - St. Paul. Accommodation in a hotel in the area. Dinner. Overnight. 2nd
 Day, 18.7. / SUNDAY: FRANKFURT / AREA - Delft - Rotterdam - Hoek van Holland - SHIP Breakfast. Continue their journey through Germany to the Netherlands. A visit to Delft, one of the oldest Dutch cities. A walk in the lovely historic part of the old and the new church, the town hall square and many small restaurants that offer a Dutch specialty, crepes poffertjes. Less free time. Arrival in Rotterdam, Europe&#39;s largest port, and a ride to the nearby Hoek van Holland, from which proceeds liner shipping company Stena Line for England. Boarding the boat ramp is 20 hours. Accommodation in cabins. Buffet dinner on board. Leaving the ship in 22 hours. Night navigation. 3rd Day, 19.7. / MONDAY: SHIP - Harwich - Cambridge - Oxford - Bristol SURROUNDINGS Breakfast on board. Leaving the boat in the morning in the port of Harwich on the east coast of England. The ride to the famous university city of Cambridge in the province of East Anglia.
 A tour of the center of the old university town in the 13th century, which is rich in medieval buildings: Trinity College - the Market - the church of Santa Maria - university buildings - Clare Bridge, the oldest bridge - bridge mathematics and groaning. Leisure. Continue driving through the typical landscape of southeast England to another famous university city of Oxford, along the Thames. A visit to the city center full of examples of all styles of English architecture. A tour of the &quot;typical British city&quot;: Sheldonian Theatre - Christ Church Cathedral - a famous university buildings (some are familiar from the Harry Potter novels): Queens colleges, Meron and Corpus Christi - University Church. Free time for afternoon tea in the cafes of the main street (a British custom of drinking tea in the late afternoon with cookies and sandwiches). Continue the journey to Bristol, the sixth-largest English town. Accommodation in a hotel near Bristol.
 Dinner. Overnight. 4th Day, 20.7. / TUESDAY: Bristol AREA - TOUR OF DEVON - CORNWALL Breakfast. The excursion begins in Devon by driving up to an impressive Devonian rocks of the northern Atlantic coast. Wild windy landscapes, beautiful lookout over the coast and the typical vegetation in part belong to the national park. Drive to the town of Dunster with romantic forts and octagonal Yarn Market marketplace. Continued scenic coastal drive to the Victorian town of Lynton. The road continues to the fishing village of Clovelly, located on the cliffs above the sea. Walk a delightful place full of atmosphere of bygone times. Afternoon visit to Tintagel Castle in Camelot with a typical English tea and scones and cookies (included). View at Tintagel Castle, birthplace of King Arthur. Continuation of times over the town of Padstow on the Camel estuary to the sea. Accommodation in a hotel in Cornwall. Dinner. Overnight. 5th Day, 21.7.
 / WEDNESDAY: CORNWALL TOUR - ROMANTIC SOUTH ENGLISH BREAKFAST. The tour begins with a visit to St. Ives, a small town on the coast that is still a magnet for artists since 1900. vol. Its narrow streets are filled with galleries, and the town is also a small collection of London&#39;s Tate Gallery. The coastal area is that part of England rocky terrain, a bit wild-looking, lots of sandy beaches and lush gardens. The journey continues to the town of Penzance, the capital of the peninsula and was once the center of smugglers and pirates. Drive to Lands End, the westernmost point of England. With panoramic observation are evident in the high cliffs and dramatic landscapes to still uspjenjeno sea, which can often see schools of dolphins and marine seals. Visit Saint Michaels Mount, the English version of Mont Saint-Michel, with a Norman castle and a monastery to which the foot can occur only at low tide (includes entrance fee, in case the tide is to be paid an additional crossing by boat).
 Afternoon visit the magnificent &quot;lost gardens Heligana&quot; (ticket included) with lush vegetation, palm trees, ferns, exotic plants, unusual flowers, ponds and wooden walking paths. Accommodation in a hotel in Exeter / Torquay. Dinner. Overnight. 6th Day, 22.7. / THURSDAY: Exeter - Lyme Regis - Salisbury - Stonehenge - London Breakfast. A visit to Exeter, the historic center with an interesting fourth around the medieval cathedral. Driving along the panoramic road to the area of Lyme Regis. Lunch in a typical English pub with fish and chips - fish and fries (lunch included). The path continues over Salisbury, a city with its famous cathedral. Continue the journey to the mysterious Stonehenge, the most famous prehistoric archaeological site of Great Britain. Visit the site with a huge stone blocks arranged in a circle (including tickets). In the following days ride to London.
 Upon arrival at the hotel. Dinner. Overnight. 7th Day, 23.7. / FRIDAY: LONDON Breakfast. Full day tour of London: Piccadilly Circus - Oxford Street - Tower of London - City - Cathedral of St.. Paul - Westminster Abbey - Big Ben - Houses of Parliament - Buckingham Palace - Knightsbridge - Hyde Park - Kensington - Trafalgar Square - Covent Garden. Free time for personal applications. Dinner. Overnight. 8th Day, 24.7. / SATURDAY: LONDON Breakfast. Morning departure together with a companion for travel by public transport to the National Gallery, one of the most important collections of European paintings, and the British Museum. Free afternoon for shopping in big department stores Oxford Street, additional visits to the famous London museums, panoramic driving wheel London Eye, etc. Dinner at the hotel. Overnight. 9th DAY, 25.7./NEDJELJA: London - Canterbury - Dover - Calais-AMIENS Breakfast. Departure from London. Visit to Canterbury, the spiritual center of the Anglican Church.
 Stroll the historic streets of old town. Visit the Cathedral, the most important Church of England (ticket included) full of historical monuments and tombs of many great men of England. Continue drive to Dover. Boarding the ship. Cruising through the English Channel to Calais. Driving through the French province Pikardiju. Arriving in Amiens, the old historic city. Accommodation at the hotel. Dinner. Evening walk through the meticulously landscaped gardens to the city center along the river Somme and the famous cathedral, one of the most beautiful churches in France. Overnight. 10th Day, 26.7. / MONDAY Amiens - Reims - Metz - Strasbourg Breakfast. Travelling through the French province of Champagne, Lorraine and Alsace. Stopping in Reims. Visit the famous Notre Dame cathedral where the French kings were crowned. Continue journey to Metz. City Tour with a heritage. Stephen. Arrival in Strasbourg. Accommodation at the hotel. Evening walk to the fourth Little France, bridges on the river Ill and the famous Gothic cathedral and Gutenberg Square (accommodation in Strasbourg on the basis of the nights with buffet breakfast, unlike other nights on this tour that are based on half board).
  Michaels Mount, the gardens Lost Gardens of Heligan, the archaeological site of Stonehenge, the cathedral of Canterbury, travel health insurance, and costs for the organization and sales PRICE NOT INCLUDES: tickets for cultural and historical monuments and museums that are not explicitly listed as included, optional facilities and costs Personal customer MINIMUM NUMBER OF PASSENGERS REPORTED: 40 Note: the order reviewed and visits the site can be changed depending on traffic conditions, working times, cultural and historical attractions, sightseeing, etc. This will be implemented in full, regardless of the order of the visits in one day. Currency in the United Kingdom British Pound (GBP). We recommend that you obtain a pound in Croatia prior to travel, which is more favorable than the change on the spot. During booking passengers are required to provide the following information - date of birth and citizenship (the data required for the ship list of passengers).
 For overnight stay is recommended to take a smaller bag for the stateroom, and larger luggage remains on deck in the trunk of our buses. Tweet
 