Priklopil then 10-year old kidnapped Natascha 1998th year on their way to school. Kampusch&#39;s escape from zatoèeništva succeeded only in August 2006. , and Priklopil then killed by throwing up a train. - Only now can under these lines podvuæi line and truly say I am free - Natascha was submitted at the end of his book, printed in 50 thousand copies and put on sale in eleven countries of German-speaking areas. Kampusch, the ten chapters describe in detail not only the torture and starvation that has gone through, including the day when he kidnapped a day when she managed to escape and save it, but divorcing parents and a difficult childhood, the first day in prison, where, how she was buried alive, forced a change of identity, the two faces otmièara, fear of life and a strategy that had to be applied in order to survive. In the first chapter, the shocking autobiography, now 22-year-old author writes about his childhood and parents&#39; divorce when she was five years because he suffered from shock begun wetting the bed at night.
 For Nataschinu mother enough for a handful of name calling and cuff. - Sometimes the storm closed in my cheek for no reason, but obviously with preventive thoughts: Anytime you&#39;re gonna do something already - Natascha describes the painful and humiliating maltreatment of her mother. In the second chapter of twenty pages on revealing shocking details about the kidnapping and the first night of their captivity. Prisjeæajuæi the kidnapping writes: - Am I screaming? I think not. However, it is all in me was only one cry. - The first night, when they kidnapped me, I sought to put me to bed, cover and tell a story for a good night. I even asked him to kiss me like a parent before I fall asleep, so I was convinced that everything around me is normal - Natascha says, adding that she was Priklopil read a fairy tale &quot;Princess and the Pea&quot; and finally kissed the forehead. In iduæa two chapters of the kidnapping victim was put forward details of Priklopilovim threats and verbal and psychic terror.
 Priklopil the night and held a light in the dungeon. - An expanded methods of torture ... osjeæala I like that I&#39;m alive preserved in an underground vault - said Natascha which otmièar threatened that they will be put in chains if it is not good. Installed her computer, the clock for 13-hour supply of electricity during the day, manipulated radio with a microphone that is hunted only Češka stations in order to have complete control over her in prison. Priklopil along Natascha was even when they are showered: - It was unusually stand naked in front of him .... I was rubbing his rough as I have a car ... Cared for me as it maintains some kuæanski coffee - he writes. Natascha has also revealed that she was forced to Priklopil called him &quot;master&quot; and that klee before him, saying that she has always wanted to have the goods. After a year and a half ago forced her to choose a new name. - Wanted me to call Maria, but I chose the name Bibiana.
 It&#39;m Priklopil one side took power, on the other, I myself helped a lot ... I became a different person. In the basement I was Bibiana. It is, in fact, been more patient and more durable than me - describes Natascha theft of their identity in the fifth chapter of the book. Iduæe chapter about Nataschinu starvation and abuse - BAGS throwing cement at her, rubbing the blood gaðanju knife - and her everyday struggle for survival. - The blades crashed into my knee and left to stand. I Osjeæala blood flowing to my lower leg series. When he saw it, began to shout: Leave it, gonna make a stain. He was, said Kampusch, obsessed with clean and treated her as a slave. She had to remove all areas that would be touched, and even forced her to shave her head so her hair would not be falling at home, at which she worked as a business kuæne domaæica half naked. - Color is the traces of DNA - she is Natascha describing Priklopilovu split personalities.
 Kampusch says that it is otmièar beat 200 times a week. - I hated it when I cried during premlaæivanja. Forbade me to cry because he did not want to stay somewhere in traces of salt. When I cried, because you could not help, choking me. Would put my head in a bucket with water if I left a fingerprint on a glass surface or door handles - Natascha wrote. She described how her Priklopil starved when she was 12 years, rugajuæi that is thick and nasty, and when she was 14 her first time released regarding plastic lisièinama to sleep with him in his bed. - When I was over many nights tied lisièinama for themselves, the word was not about sex. A man who beat me and locked in the basement just wanted to have something with which one can snuggle - a victim of abduction claims, stating that the first time tried to kill to end the life in captivity. - When I was 14 years, several times I tried to strangle the clothes.
 At 15, I poked a needle for knitting - she wrote. In the eighth and ninth chapter the author describes how her body has helped to alleviate the pain unbearable mental suffering in zatoèeništvu which is polished to a loss of will to live. Recognizing this, Priklopil allowed her to let the hair to grow again, and drove her in the purchase Baumarkt, DM, and skiing. In the final, tenth chapter, entitled &quot;For there is only one death,&quot; describes his escape from otmièara 23 August 2006.. - It was the 3096th day of my zatoèeništva ... We were both in the garden of the house in Strasshof. I&#39;m picking strawberries and I was in the middle of the job when suddenly his cell phone rang ... engrossed in conversation, he turned and moved away a few meters to the pool. Natascha used this and ran head despite knowing, as he says, that one of the two of them had to count on death. His otmièara Wolfgang Priklopila in the English edition of the book describes as okorjelog ženomrsca who told her: - I am king, you&#39;re my slave.
 Natascha revealed that Priklopil often talked about Hitler and admired him. He said: - He was right when he burned the Jews in gas chambers. Confirmation that Priklopil could not stand Jews and Nataschina statements for the Austrian daily Kurier that her otmièar was &quot;Nazis out of fear&quot; that the terrorist attacks of 11 September in New York, spoke about &quot;the end of the Jews rule the world&quot;. Despite the disinclination of Austrian public Nataschinim previous statements and media appearances, the book will surely be a success, say experts on the Austrian literary (not) a chance. Germany&#39;s Constantin Film starts 2011th year and a film about Natascha Kampusch, which, according to the news producer at the box office should find 2012th year.
 