Katharina Franziska Brantner is representative of German Greens / EFA in the European Parliament. Croatia is known to the public recently proposed amendments ¾ forth some of which are incorporated into the text of the Resolution on the progress of the Croatian accession negotiations with the European Union. First Amendment, which has stirred the public refers to &quot;an appropriate arrangement ¾ man&quot; on the Croatian language, after the phone to &quot;original Serbo-Croatian language is divided into several official the official language in countries prospective member states.&quot; The idea is found by the ¹ ¾ violent reactions to the Domestic field, and the amendment was ultimately rejected. But Brantner warns that Croatia is not an appropriate way to resolve the issue for the Eno ¹ ¹ protect the rights of homosexual persons. This time it&#39;s Europe business ¹ ala. One of the important amendments to listing them ¹ ¹ ten in the text of the resolution on the progress of Croatian. In it, you are warned that Croatia is not an appropriate way to resolve the issue for the Eno ¹ ¹ protect the rights of homosexual persons.
 Do you think the laws are in poor or questionable, and their implementation? I think the greater problem in their implementation. Important to the reaction of the police, judiciary, government. We are pleased with the fact that in some cases leads to progress and that police are researchers refinement. This is positive, because so far it&#39;s not really any investigation. The Act does not apply too much ¹ s consistently. Report to the EU would-mail from you on March 2009th Says the gay, bisexual and transsexual people in Europe are confronted with ¹ ikaniranjem and discrimination in all areas of social life you. Volker Beck - High du ¾ official Greens in the German parliament - said that discrimination against homosexuals has increased in recent years. How does it differ Croatia? Are there double standards when it comes to EU countries and those which it would become? I do not think there are double standards and can not claim to be in Germany or other European Union member countries there are homophobic groups in society ¹ households.
 The point is how societies ¹ tvo respond to that fact. It is not important but you sure Croatia vi ¹ e homophobic from Germany or other social ¹ pan; question is how political, legal and police systems to respond. This sets the standard for Europe. I would never dare to say that Croatia homofobnija of Germany. Record you were some isolated cases of abuse of homosexuals in the European Union. For example, one person pretuèena to death in London in October 2009. because of sexual orientation. There are some incidents that took place in Slovenia in June Past year. It&#39;s not whether such incidents dogadati still - I want, and to the entire European Union. This is actually a matter of policy - what would be the reaction to such events. There must be an effective police investigation. This is what the mail to be struggling. What to member countries of the European Union singled out as positive example when it comes to protects the rights of homosexuals? I could mention a few countries.
 The Nordic countries, eg Sweden ©. The situation is not in poor and even in France, Great Britain, nor in Germany. Although, I would not necessarily you but German allocated as a particularly good example. But none of us are not fully resolved ¹ ila homophobia. The Charter of Fundamental Rights in European Union states that the mail must respect the language diversity and prohibits any form of discrimination on different grounds, including on the basis of language. Do you believe that Your recent &quot;linguistic&quot; amendment in accordance with those principles? In other words, if possible, the va ¹ em we ¹ opinion, attributed the right to sexual freedom and right to their own linguistic identity? Is not it in both cases the word about the inviolable rights? We have never questioned the right of Croatian citizens to use their own language. The problem is how to deal with linguistic issues within the organization, where they must adapt to the fact that some languages use a common.
 About how we talk, not about the question may be whether Croatia say that its the official Croatian official language. I would not, therefore, these amendments aligned in the same category. The problem is that you can mail it to the situation in the European Union in Croatia is viewed from the perspective that&#39;s different. In the context of the current situation, where one of the official official languages since 2007. and for instance Irish (Gaelic) language, which today has only two hundred thousand speakers, is whether this amendment is still a kind of discrimination of Balkan countries in their accession to the EU? Especially when you take into account some earlier statements, like those of British MEPs Charles Tannock. Mr. Tannock is a completely different side of the political ring. I do not know the basis of which it is built up their mail me thinking. But those who mail me to comment on his statements because I do not know the mail that is exactly meant. Of course, that language is not an isolated territory. With him are linked to national identities and different historical stories.
 In the European Union, for example, there are historical friction between the Austrians and Germans, Belgians and French. But again, in the case of ¹ em this is not a sensitive issue. The French and Belgians share the same language, just as the mail and the Germans and the Austrians: the European Parliament&#39;s translations are the same to us. There is a separate Austrian translation, but rather just a list of Austrian words, which differs from the German. The same case is Luxembourg, which has its own language, but no special translation at the EU level. Also, although it differs from the Flemish Dutch, Belgian Flemish government did not require translation into Flemish. But I do know that the historical circumstances and different conditions and that all situations can not be put into the same pot. In Croatia there is a constant fear that such initiatives are hiding behind the efforts to place the former Yugoslavia ¹ somehow unite again, and Croatia into the European Union entered into the &quot;bundled&quot; with other Western Balkan countries - means later than planned.
 Are these fears are at least partly justified? Important to remember that we have the Western Balkan countries have pledged to join the European Union, and insist that this stress. But that does not mean that time you wish to delay entry into Croatian. Many members of the European Union considered that it should still add only enter Croatia, but it did not last in the series. It takes time for the Western Balkans. But that does not mean that Croatia has to wait longer to make the mail by the union with Serbia or Bosnia. Each country of the Western Balkans should be taken into account individually. You can not say: &quot;Croatia, and after you ¹ s no one.&quot; It would be very irresponsible. This is why one should always podsjeæati the promise given 2003rd the European Union summit in Thessaloniki. Personally I will not cease to èiniti because I think there is a risk that Bosnia, Serbia, Montenegro, Kosovo and even simply give up. Are you writing this amendment linguistic advisers consulted? Or may it political? Language is often considered not only linguistic, but also the political issue.
 I think the word you ¹ s on the political issue. Many have discussed how to resolve ¹ learn language diversity when it comes to translation within the EU institutions. Mention the amendment wanted to remind you that it would be a further expansion of the Union&#39;s Past in the region, the translations will be common and that we should discuss about it before in this country enter into the European Union. For us it is Important to point out that Croatia is not the last country that will catch the European train. What are the actual costs incurred ¹ translation in relation to the budget? You ¹ than 14 percent of the Parliament of the budget relates to the financing of translation. In 2007. Consumer ¹ ak was around 200 million euros. You mail e-thirds of employees in the European Parliament is working on translations. In 2006. All the European institutions to translate the demand ile vi ¹ e of 800 million euros. Do you still add always mention that the amendment was a good idea or have kept you or some of the arguments of those who have challenged him? I think it would today&#39;s different formulated in order to avoid some of the misunderstandings arising.
 Surely it would not have presented the same way, but I generally gave up the idea. The point is that we have to start a discussion about these issues before it ¹ Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina enter into the European Union. Croatian is one of the official official languages in Bosnia. ® we want to make the country one days is part of the Union, and therefore it is Important to this issue we have in mind. That was the purpose of this amendment. When the United Kingdom and one assigned to the family of Europe, Croatian will already be one of the official official languages. How we deal with that, with regard to Bosnia? May have been misunderstandings that arise because of the wording &quot;original Serbo-Croatian language&quot;. This formulation would definitely avoid. I would not put the text amendments. No point was that it would may be linguistic problem when Bosnia and Herzegovina came into the European Union. For it is worthwhile to think ahead, but not in a way that Croatia is the latest country to join the Union, then mail it to mean that these issues do not think we should be omitted ¹.
 