In Bosnia and Herzegovina on Sunday, 3 October, at seven o&#39;clock in the morning will open polling stations for the 3,126,529 registered voters. In the general election will vote for the Presidency, the House of Representatives of the Parliamentary Assembly, the lower house of the Parliament of the Federation, the President and Vice-Presidents of the Republic of Serbian National Assembly of the RS Assembly and cantons in the Federation BiH. After the identification of voters will get four ballots, except those in the Brcko District who have pleaded for the FBiH entity citizenship. They will get three ballot papers, given that there is no county level. To reduce the number of invalid ballots, thoroughly explained the voting procedure. The first ballot - Voters in the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina Federation shall be elected by the Croatian and Bosniak member of BiH Presidency on one ballot. There may be marked by only one name. So, I can also choose from the Croatian and Bosniak members.
 In the RS, voters will choose the BiH Presidency member from among the Serbian people, and the list will be able to select the name of only one of them. The second ballot - PA House of Representatives on the second ballot voters will opt for representatives in the House of Representatives of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is important to remember that this coupon can be a cross, only one party or coalition, or one party and one or more candidates who are within the list of the party. The third ballot - FBiH House of Representatives / RSNA third ballot is properly filled in the same way as another, or by the voters from the Federation to mark only one party / coalition in the list, or one or more candidates who are in the party / coalition. Same rule applies to voters from RS, who vote for representatives in the National Assembly of the entity. The fourth ballot - members of county councils and the president and vice president of RS same procedure as in the second and third slips also applies to voters in the Federation are elected representatives of the Assembly districts.
 So, should not be labeled several different parties or more candidates from different parties, and should &quot;move&quot; within the one party / coalition, which also means that you, in case you provide a voice for an independent candidate, completed the voting process in this section . The RS will be on the fourth ballot to vote for president and vice president of this entity from all parties. Ballot is valid if it contains only selected the name of one of these candidates. Preliminary election results for the Presidency will be disclosed on Sunday but at 22:45 hours, the House of Representatives of the Parliamentary Assembly of BiH in 1 hour after midnight. (Razglasaj.ba)
 