Barcelona, capital of Spain&#39;s autonomous region of Catalonia and a major commercial and industrial center in Spain, one of the largest port and biggest town on the Mediterranean Sea. The urban area extends beyond the city limits of the city administration to the area around 803 km ² and has over 4,200,000 inhabitants, making it the sixth metropolitan area in Europe. Barcelona is located in a small coastal plain near the French border at the foot of the mountain Collserola. Barcelona is today an important cultural center and one of the leading tourist destination with rich cultural heritage. Barcelona, after Paris, London and Rome, the fourth largest city of visits in Europe, and, with the 5 million tourists a year, the most popular tourist destination in Spain. Contents [edit] History of the Royal Palace from the 14th c. The foundation of Barcelona is described by two legends. First mentioned as the founder of the mythical Greek hero Hercules, 400 years before the founding of Rome.
 Another mentions the Carthaginian Hamilcar Barca, Hannibal&#39;s father, who was in the 3rd Ct. Kr. the town gave the name of Barcino, the name of their family. Indeed, the name originates from Barcelona staroiberskog Phoenician (which were used by Carthaginians) Barken, which is written left-Levantine Iberian writing on an ancient coin - [1] Greek sources call him Βαρκινών, Barkinṓn, after the Roman conquest of around 15 pr. Kr. Romans at its center (Mons Taber) create a military fort (castrum) and call it Barcilonum and Bárcena. Over time, the place has developed into a powerful trade colony Faventia Colonia Julia Augusta Pia Barcino, or Colonia Julia Augusta Paterna Barcino Faventia of which was the only major city near Tarraco (modern Tarragona). The city grew around the port and was exempted from imperial taxation, and has forged their money from which is preserved with the image of the emperor from the 3rd Galbe Ct. Kr. The city was conquered by the Visigoths at the beginning of fifth
 century and became the capital over Hispania. In the early eighth century it was conquered by Arabs, but it is eight hundred and first he won by Louis I. the Pious, son of Charlemagne, who founded the &quot;Hispanic Mark&quot; (Marca Hispanica), a county ruled by the Counts of Barcelona. Counts of Barcelona became very independent and have expanded their territory to the whole Catalonia. In 1137th, Aragon and the County of Barcelona were merged into a union marriage of Count Ramon Berenguer IV. and Petronilla of Aragon, whose son, Alfonso II. Aragon, ruler of the kingdom of Aragon 1162nd The Kingdom of Aragon was dominated by the Mediterranean, with overseas territories in Naples and Sicily, but in Athens on 13th century. Creating dinastijskih connection with Castile in the 13th century began the decline of power of Barcelona. Wedding of Ferdinand II. Aragon with Izabela of Castile united the two royal lineage and the center of Madrid becomes a kingdom.
 The financial importance of Barcelona, as well as ports in the Mediterranean, put an end to the colonization of America, which is transferred to the Atlantic trade. However, Barcelona has become the center of the Catalan separatist Catalan revolt (1640th-52nd) against Philip II. Great Plague 1650th-54th The population was halved, and the Napoleonic wars were devastated. World Exposition (EXPO) in Barcelona 1929th vol. In the early 19th century, industrialization began to recover at the end of the century Barcelona, which is experiencing its golden age. City during the Spanish Civil War and supported the Republican government after the fall remained at a disadvantage during Franco&#39;s dictatorship. Catalonia&#39;s autonomous institutions were abolished, and the use of Catalan language potiskavana. Barcelona remained the second largest city in Spain in a highly industrialized area, despite the sufferings of war, constantly developing.
 Therefore, in Barcelona, settled population of the poorer provinces (Andalusia, Murcia, Galicia), and the city was still urbanizira. Olympics 1992nd year gave impetus to further development of modern European metropolis. [Edit] Sights in the clockwise: The business district of Barcelona, La Barcoleneta, Camp Nou, Diagonal Mar, the Sagrada Familia and the Castell dels Tres Dragons Some important Roman ruins are located beneath the present square Plaça del Rei, and the plan of the old city today can recognize a typical Roman grid urbanization. Part of the Roman walls is incorporated into the cathedral which was established in 343rd The founding of the diocese. The center of old town seems medieval core (Gothic Quarter, Barri Gòtic Catalan), with a network of narrow winding streets, the highest point of the old town stands a cathedral from the 14th and 15 century, a splendid example of Catalan Gothic. The city center is connected with recent quarters.
 The most famous buildings in the city are still works of Antonio Gaudi and Art Nouveau buildings Palau de la Música Catalana and Hospital de Sant Pau, resulting in a golden era of Barcelona, which are now UNESCO World Heritage Site. The center of the new town square is the Plaça Catalunya, from which it descends toward the coast of picturesque street La Rambla. At the top of Avinguda Diagonal Avenue is a commercial town center. Barcelona has 4.5 km of beach which is the oldest and largest length of 1.100 m. Barceloneta Barcelona has 68 parks, 12 of them historical, botanical 5, 6 and 45 urban forest. Of these, Montjuïc is the largest and most famous Parc Guell, architect Antonio Gaudi. Only city parks cover 10% of urban areas. Cathedral Plaça Catalunya in Barcelona Park Güell Sagrada Familia Casa Batlló Casa Milà Arch State Palace Catalonia Palau de la Música Catalana Torre de Collserola 288 m tall Torre Agbar German Pavilion for EXPO 1929th
 (Mies van der Rohe) Neighborhoods Barcelona [edit] Just as the seat of Catalonia, Barcelona is located in the Catalan government (Generalitat de Catalunya), which with its executive government, parliament and supreme court, enjoys a high degree of autonomy from Spain. The city is also the administrative center of the province of Barcelona and the eponymous district (comarca). [Edit] Climate Barcelona has a Mediterranean climate with moderate summers, which takes about 6 months (May-September), although the temperature in April is often above 20 ° C. Winters are mild with an average temperature over 14.5 ° C daytime and 5.5 ° C at night, from December to March. Climatological averages for Barcelona Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec year mean maximum, ° C 13.4 14.6 15.9 17.6 20.5 24.2 27.5 28.0 25.5 21.5 17.0 14.3 20.0 mean daily temperature, ° C 8.9 10.0 11.3 13.1 16.3 20.0 23.1 23.7 21.1 17.1 12, 6 10.0 15.6 mean minimum, ° C 4.4 5.3 6.7 8.5 12.0 15.7 18.6 19.3 16.7 12.6 8.1 5.7 11, 1 [edit] Economy New business center Diagonal Mar Barcelona is a metropolis of the world economy, international trade, media, entertainment, arts, education and tourism.
 The center of the economy of Catalonia, and elsewhere, which are constantly evolving, and its neighborhood Diagonal Mar and el Front Marítim del Poblenou and financial center. Barcelona is the fourth richest in the European Union to the GDP which is around € 35.975 (44% higher than the EU average), is a budget of € 177 billion, the 35th place in the world. As a brand (brand), the city&#39;s third most successful in Europe, and the reputation and income. [Edit] Traffic in Barcelona is one of the major European ports in the Mediterranean, in the city to an international airport, through which passes 30 million annual passengers. The city has developed a network of roads, and high speed train which is associated with France and Portugal. [Edit] Sports Camp Nou Barcelona has a long sporting tradition. Hosted XXV. Olympics 1992nd, and several matches during the World Cup 1982nd
 which was held in Spain. In addition, twice hosted the European Championship in basketball, in which they held the World Cup in aquatic sports 2003rd and the European Championships in Athletics 2010th Barcelona soccer club plays its matches at the Nou Camp stadium, below which is a museum of wax figures. Camp Nou, the largest stadium in Europe with a capacity of 100.000 people, is one of the two stadiums in Barcelona, which belong to the fourth category UEFA stadium. Another is the Olympic Stadium Lluis Companys. [Edit] Sister cities cityscape with Montjuïc [edit] Notes [edit] External links [edit] Other projects of Wikimedia Commons has material on the topic: Barcelona Barcelona short article which tells about the town in Spain should be amended. Fill it to Wikipedia. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barcelona&quot; Categories: Cities in Spain | Cities in Spain
 