Author: Zeljko Trkanjec Published: 30.09.2010 In this plot the key was the role of terrorists from Pakistan. It is no wonder that Leon Panetta, chief of the CIA, but today was in Islamabad for talks with the head of the Pakistani intelligence service (ISI) ZAGREB - German Afghan origin Ahmed Siddiqui in July, boarded a plane in Hamburg and left for Pakistan where it is undergone training with explosives and weapons handling. RELATED NEWS News A series of coordinated attacks, however, when inserted into Afghanistan, was arrested and transferred to the Bagram base in Kabul, where he underwent testing. I said everything, where was the most important information to prepare a series of coordinated attacks against targets in Europe, which should make networks of small terrorist groups. Information is, according to U.S. sources, sent to France, Germany and Britain, which have been mentioned as likely targets. After that, the Eiffel Tower was evacuated twice (both times showed that the threat is false), a French and British officials on several occasions pointed out that there is &quot;imminent risk&quot; of attacks.
 That, in turn, a serious threat, confirming information that CIA in September, the highest number of attacks carried out by unmanned aircraft, even 21 (the most ever in one month was 11 in January), in Pakistan. And then finally on Tuesday, ABC television reported that the terrorist plot was discovered, and on Wednesday were on the streets of Paris and London were visible police officers and soldiers, who were moving around government buildings, tourist attractions and railway station. Car bomb in New York For some time now deal with intelligence information that terrorist organizations are preparing attacks in Europe and the United States. One piece of evidence was a failed attempt to detonating a car bomb in May in Times Square in New York from which one could read what the goal of these groups: recruit individuals, preferably local citizens, and provide them with training to perform their own attack. While intelligence sources report that the growing threat posed by terrorist groups in Yemen, Somalia and North Africa, and in this plot is the key role of Pakistan (Siddiqui said he planned to attack al-Qaeda and Pakistani Haqqani terrorist network).
 It is no wonder that Leon Panetta, chief of the CIA, but today was in Islamabad for talks with the head of the intelligence service (ISI), Ahmed Shuja Pasha. Conversation was &quot;friendly, but tense&quot;, according to sources close to the CIA. As Bob Woodward testifies in the book &quot;Obama&#39;s wars&quot;, and the American President is aware that &quot;a cancer in Pakistan.&quot; A good part of the Pakistani administration is not inclined to fully crack down on terrorist strongholds, which is the highest in the province of Waziristan, because they fear it could cause them serious reaction. They believe that they can control this and that through them simultaneously affect events in Afghanistan. Unmanned aircraft in all of this to them, however, interfere with unmanned attack aircraft, the Pasha Panetta said, but American sources have reported that these attacks this month shattered structure that planned attacks in Europe, as Panetta said Pasha (in addition, Pakistan&#39;s government has temporarily closed a major utility line of NATO in Afghanistan for killing three U.S. soldiers in an attack helicopter).
 But nobody knows whether in Europe for sleeping, which could trigger an attack on a soft target. Because it is clear that the terrorists will not give up. Number of recommendations: 4 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 