Nearly half of the Croatian contingent in the ISAF mission in Afghanistan, which will be distributed in late summer, will support training and mentoring of local security forces, announced at yesterday&#39;s international conference on Afghanistan in Kabul Gordan Jandrokovic, the leader of the Croatian delegation, Minister of Foreign Affairs and European integration. Transfer of responsibilities to the Afghan security forces, the main message of the ninth conference on that country, but the first being held in Afghanistan. All 70-odd delegations disagreed with this tactic, but the completion date &quot;Kabul process&quot; caused the discordant tones. Overestimated Afghans opening conference with UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Afghan President Hamid Karzai scale for submission deadline is set high - to the end of 2014. Karzai&#39;s optimism was overshadowed by a recent security assessment which revealed that the U.S. has overestimated the willingness of the Afghan army, but also uncovered corruption in the Afghan security forces.
 Karzai doubts about the deadline expressed by NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said adding that &quot;the deadline set on the ground, not the calendar.&quot; Advantage - experience from the war that the international forces still work, and shows that the shooting the night before conference echoed through the city, particularly around the airport. The Croatian delegation arrived in Kabul for six hours in the air port, where they were met by Croatian soldiers, a security regime: Pancirka and transfer to the armored vehicles. - The first meeting was enough to demonstrate the professionalism of our soldiers - Jandrokovic said. Securing the deserted streets of Kabul, in fact, declared the two non-working days, was more than evident: every 200 to 300 meters on the guests beheld the horsemen in the local Afghan costumes and members of international forces . The camp, which is located and part of the contingent, Jandrokovic and soldiers from the 15th
 Croatian military contingent said that the experience of war from Afghanistan, and what the Croatian forces an advantage over other countries in the region, but also the many other NATO members, and added: - Croatia is the country that international assistance should become a country that provides assistance .
 