Fiery red, bombastic blonde and sexy brunette ... The choice of color depends not only on the natural tone of your hair, but the more detail Imagine the situation ... For some time you want a change. Finally you have decided on a new hair color when you see your friend with a new hair style and color. Rush to the store, buying the same color and actually repainted at home. Hair color is pretty well received, but ... looking in the mirror establishes how these nuances could not stand. Choosing the perfect shades of hair color is not quite so simple that, for example, just go to the store and pick a color that you like best. Your skin color, eye color, your natural hair color (or paint that you had before) play a major role in whether you should match the shade or not. If at least two of the next following apply to you, you would probably look best as a brunette.
 Currently have a &quot;mouse&quot; brown hair. Your natural color lacks vibrancy and brilliance that gave her a richer shade of brown ..
 You want something that is not demanding to maintain. Unless you are naturally very svjetlokosi, brownish colored hair is fairly easy to maintain, and chances are you will not go wrong with the colors of the painting at home are much smaller than the blue or red hues ..
 Your hair is damaged and lifeless hanging. The dark hair is best reflected light and hiding the damage How best to emphasize brown hair? 1st Synchronize with shades of brown hair. How to highlight hair color chocolate, choose dark, monochromatic tones if you have longer, straight cut. If you have short hair or gradually trimmed, some peaks are slightly brighter or make a lighter and darker brown locks of hair to highlight the texture of hair, &quot;says Marie Robinson, among the colorist, whose clients include and Natalie Portman. 2nd Go to extremes. A prominent worry are the ones that are either very dark or very bright. With a hint of the &quot;middle&quot; will merge with their surroundings, but in a negative way. 3rd Coloring at home? Opt for a half-half. One common error that occurs in hair coloring at home is a shade of brown that eventually has an orange glow. This is a result of using too many &quot;hot&quot; shades.
 If you want the right shade of golden brown, buy a golden brown color and a neutral brown. Combine them and then apply to hair. 4th Stay away from hair spray, if possible. Nothing takes shine brown hair, but that &quot;suffocate&quot; the good, says Robinson. If you paint, then sprayed with finiširajte to shine. 5th Beware of the black. If you want to tarnish his already brown hair to a darker shade of dark chocolate, visit the hairdressers. Once repainted in black, no return. The only way to get rid of these colors is a professional decolorization color in the salon, and this in turn will be a burden for your hair, but also for the wallet. Make up tips for brunettes.
 For many black lashes, apply mascara. Lashes should be as dark as to balance the dark color of the hair ..
 Experiment eye shadows in colors of gems (the intense color with a bit of shimmer). Worried you can not &quot;afford&quot; a dramatic eye make up ..
 If you have dark hair pale face additional stresses, the balance can be achieved shimmering bronzer. Is red hair color right for you? If at least two of the next following apply to you, you would probably look best as a redhead.
 The color of your skin pulling on the pink. - For the vast majority of women there are shades of red, says Jennifer J, colorist for the Matrix (which paint Julia Roberts), but a woman with a facility that pulls on the pink will look best with red hair. Likewise, a woman with olive complexion difficult to find your shade of red ..
 You are not shy. Red attracts attention, so you have enough confidence to apply to all these views to himself. - Red hair is like šljokičasta dress, enters the room before you, says colorist Sarah Gold, who was in charge of hair Lindsay Lohan ..
 Your hair is in relatively good condition. If you have dry or damaged hair, it will be difficult for him to accept a molecule of red (that quickly washes away from the healthy hair) ..
 It&#39;s not your problem regularly go on painting. We have already mentioned the red color is the fastest-washed, and grow on the red hair is very noticeable. How best to display a red hair? 1st Wash your hair as rarely as possible. - Ideally the wash twice a week, or every other day if hair is oily, says Parvin Klein, one of the most famous New York colorist. Also, rinse your hair with lukewarm, never hot water. 2nd Avoid strong shampoos. Most shampoos that treat dandruff are &quot;heavy&quot; for colored hair, and red hair mean &quot;death&quot; and really accelerate the bleaching process color. 3rd Seek professional help. Ask your hairdresser for advice on which product you color at home to nurture and make the long and intense glow. The market has plenty of products to guarantee. 4th Protect yourself. Red hair is oxidized faster than any other color, so if you plan to spend time outdoors, protect the hair products that contain UV filters.
 5th Do not try eggplant shade. Purple-red does not look natural, which is rare, &quot;says Jennifer J. prefer dial tones like copper red&quot; strawberry &quot;red or auburn red. Makeup tips for redheads.
 Avoid dark, smoky makeup. Your hair is in itself enough to attract attention ..
 Think pink. Although the red-haired women tend to recommend the brick color lipstick, pink lipstick or lip gloss looks great on redheads women ..
 Do not adjust hue of hair and eyebrows. If not natural, it will look bizarre. Is the blue hair color right for you? If at least two of the next following apply to you, you would probably look best as a blonde.
 You were svjetlokosi in childhood. - If your hair was light when you were small, especially if it is even harder posvjetlila in the sun, then you probably have adequate time for the blonde hair, &quot;says Brad Johns, the colourist Clariol ..
 If you can afford the regular maintenance of hair. As well as with red hair, being blonde is not cheap. - Think about your blonde hair as the most important accessory, which never downloading. You have a perfectly maintained regular visits to your stylist and great hair products, says, Johns ..
 You can file the attention of men. - It is no coincidence that the blue hair the most popular in Los Angeles - where it is very important that you note the up, says Jennifer J (whose clients and actress Cate Blanchett). How best to highlight the blue hair? 1st Cold or neutral at home. - If you dye your hair yourself at home, prefere to cold, neutral tones, rather than the warm shades such as gold or honey-colored, says Julia Youssef, chief executive of L&#39;Oreal. - If you opt for warmer tones, there is a risk that your hair takes on a golden orange glow. 2nd Avoid alcohol. &quot;Artificial&quot; Blondes are often dry, lifeless hair, use products that contain a high percentage of alcohol can only worsen the situation, said Johnathan Gale, a colourist at John Frieda Salon LA (and who is responsible for hair Charlize Theron). Alcohol often include varnishes, foams or gels, so pay attention to the composition.
 3rd Leave Whitening toothpaste. - Many women equate cold, platinum hair with elegance, but in fact it makes you tired, says Johns. A better approach? From your hairdresser you are looking to put a base color to a golden tone and add a &quot;cool&quot; hair. 4th Surrender to the experts. If you want your hair posvjetliti for more than two shades from your natural color, go to the hairdresser because it is such a big change pretty risky for cottage industries. 5th Keep trick up his sleeve. You&#39;ll definitely get into a situation when you arrive in the lounge or perhaps you have no money. Rather than suffer with a very noticeable hair growth try this trick ... Buy ash blonde color, and carefully brush apply only to the roots and leave for three minutes. This will slightly posvjetliti grow, and you&#39;ll get the time to go to the salon. Makeup tips for blondes.
 Shades of peach perfectly match all the blondes ..
 If you are a lover of red lips, opt for a thin, airy layer of red and only for the evening ..
 Opt for brown mascara because it is less contrast with the color of your hair from black mascara.
 