Ireland has long been known as one of the biggest profiteers of globalization. Favourable conditions at Green Island have attracted a lot of strong investors who have this country on the edge of the European Union for years podarivali economic growth as countries are residues of the Union could only dream of. But Ireland is now much more disastrous consequences of global economic stagnation. And while a good part of the EU is slowly recovering from the crisis, Ireland deeper into her tone. Unemployment in Ireland currently stands at 13 percent, according to all indicators by the end of the year will still further increase. Production facilities close their doors and failures and to shorten the agenda, and among the employees of public services. Fear of job loss Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The empty bars - a sure sign of economic stagnation recesijuPosljedice feel in the county of Galway in the west. Moycullen, a small town near the capital of the homonymous province, is one of those cities that have benefited from the economic upswing in recent years.
 New residential buildings, shopping centers and restaurants started opening are like mushrooms after rain. Many young and dobroobrazovani citizens with their families moved here, attracted by the new facilities. Among them was Clare Walsh, a teacher at a school for children with special needs. In comparison with other EU countries, classes in Ireland are much higher so that the teaching of children with special needs need additional staff. During the Irish economic miracle cities are in public schools, employing thousands of additional new teachers. But times have changed. With the dramatic fall in economic power is significantly reduced and the budget of public services. Many employees of public institutions have already lost their jobs, including the practices of the 1000 extra teachers. Clare Walsh fears that a similar fate could befall her and. &quot;For employees like me is completely uncertain whether in July still have a job.
 In government schools, a great uncertainty with regard to teaching children with special needs, and especially about how the teachers to deal with the situation and the lack of special teachers. &quot;Rule of pessimism Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Construction sites are due to the disappearance of chrysene large number of jobs is not the only problem that the citizens of Ireland is currently giving me a headache. The sudden drop in property prices caused by excessive concentration on the construction sector is one of the main drivers of the current crisis. In the years of economic upturn in Ireland has ruled virtually full employment. People have worked, it was and money considering that the possession of property in Ireland, a common thing, the prices in this market are reaching astronomical proportions. Many who have bought property in that period are now in a difficult position. In fact, their flat or house is loaded with high mortgage that is several times higher than current market prices.
 All this, as witnessed by the President of the Irish trade union umbrella organizations Jack O&#39;Connor, exacerbates the financial condition of Irish workers. &quot;Times are for workers and their families, and especially difficult for those who have made a lot of money to own the roof over your head.&quot; Close to the crisis is hitting small businesses and many small businesses. Clare Walsh are in sore eyes closed many small businesses. &quot;These are clear indicators of recession. In whatever town you walk through the main street, you&#39;ll see a lot of closed shops and stores to sell to those who have recently operated well. It&#39;s depressing and worrying,&quot; said Walsh. Her pessimism was shared by O&#39;Connor, who does not see signs of recovery in the near future. &quot;The question is whether in such an overheated economy can create jobs, it is difficult to answer,&quot; says O&#39;Connor. The so-called. little man he was collecting additional fear and the media who are daily full of pessimistic forecasts.
 Clare Welsh on his way to defend the flood of bad news: &quot;Frankly, I watch less television and read fewer newspapers because everything is so deprasivno. Same news about recession, closing a business. Therefore, simply opt out.&quot; Author: Mary Phelan / N.Kreizer Re. ed: Dunja Dragojevic
 