Somalia (Somali language | Somali: Soomaaliya, Arabic: As-الصومال Sumal) is a country in East Africa in the region known as the &quot;Horn of Africa&quot; on the Indian Ocean. On the northwest border with Djibouti, on the west by Ethiopia and Kenya. Somalia is one of the few areas of the world without an organized government. Contents [edit] Somalia [edit] History The present Somalia in the colonial period was divided between Great Britain which held the northern part of Italy and in whose possession was the rest. British Somaliland became independent second June 1960th, and the first July, both were united in an independent part of Somalia. The first president of independent Somalia was Aden Abdullah Osman Daar. The first years after independence was marked by a struggle for the unification of the area inhabited by the Somali ethnic group in neighboring Kenya and Ethiopia with the mother, which led to deteriorating relations with bordering countries and the West, and approaching the Soviet Union.
 After a chaotic election 1969th and political crisis that followed the Government took over the military coup Gen. Mohamed Siad Barre. Introduced a highly repressive military dictatorship. He&#39;s proclaimed policy of &quot;scientific socialism&quot; and strengthen ties with the Soviets and the Arab countries. Soviet expansionism dropped his support after the Socialists came to power in Ethiopia Mengistua so that the 1978th regained all the lost territories. Soon Somalia came under rebel groups with bases in Ethiopia, and 1988th, after signing an agreement under which the Somali neighbors pledged to help end the insurgency, they have moved into the Somalia and there began a civil war which, with minor interruptions, until today. 1991. The northern section, the former British Somaliland, declared independence for managing, although internationally unrecognized, to preserve the relative stability. The rest of Somalia was plunged into chaos and struggle of some well-armed clans and military leaders.
 American and European peacekeeping forces after the invasion 1993rd and unbearably heavy losses had to withdraw. Attempts at establishing a new government remained without success. Since the overthrow of Barre 1991st year, there was no peace in Somalia. [Edit] Political divisions divided into 16 areas. [Edit] Geography of Somalia&#39;s coast to 2720 km is the longest on the African continent. The northern part of the country is mountainous with altitudes from 1000 to 2000 m, and the central and southern areas are flat with an average height below 200 m. Shebelle Juba Rivers originate in Ethiopia and flow south into the Indian Ocean, but it does not reach Shebelle, except in rainy period. The climate is characterized by high temperatures throughout the year, seasonal monsoons and irregular distribution of rainfall with frequent periods of drought. The mean daily maximum temperature from 30 to 40 ° C, except on the hills and along the east coast. The mean daily minimum ranges between 15 and 30 ° C.
 [Edit] Economy Due to complete lack of state control of Somalia&#39;s economy is one of the most liberal in the world, though, shopping center in Somaliskoj prijedstolnici Mogadishu. Somalia is one of the poorest countries in the world: social, health and education system is almost non-existent. Most of the population engaged in nomadic cattle breeding. It is interesting to Somalia because of the absence of state regulation is one of the most telecommunications sector in the region. Since the currency most used the American dollar. There is no national banks and some companies and rulers printed their own money. A significant source of revenue and grants Somalis are numerous diaspora. GDP for 2004. estimated at 600 USD per capita (measured in PPP-in). [Edit] Population For African country Somalia is unusually ethnically homogeneous, as much as 85% of the population are ethnic Somalis who are, however, divided into many clans, historically conflicted about small natural reserves.
 Almost all the inhabitants are Muslim by religion. In addition to the official Somali, are in use, and Arabic, English and Italian. [Edit] Religion The majority of Somalis are Sunni Muslims. p • d • Countries in Africa Algeria • Angola • Benin • Botswana • Burkina Faso • Burundi • Central African Republic • Chad • Djibouti • Egipat1) • Equatorial Guinea • Eritrea • Ethiopia • Gabon • Gambia • Ghana • Guinea • Guinea Bissau • South Africa • Cameroon • Kenya • Comoros • Democratic Republic of the Congo • Republic of the Congo • Lesotho • Liberia • Libya • Madagascar • Malawi • Mali • Mauritania • Mauritius • Morocco • Mozambique • Namibia • Niger • Nigeria • Ivory Coast • Rwanda • Senegal • Seychelles • Sierra Leone • Somalia • Sudan • Swaziland • Sao Tome and Principe • Tanzania • Togo • Tunisia • Uganda • Zambia • Cape Verde • Zimbabwe territories and unrecognized State Ceuta (Spain) • South Sudan • Canary Islands (Spain) • Madeira Islands ( Portugal) • Mayotte (France) • Melilla (Spain) • Reunion (France) • Somaliland • Saint Helena (UK) • • Western Sahara Zanzibar (Tanzania) 1) and considered part of Asia.
 p • d • Members of the Arab League Algeria • Bahrain • Djibouti • Egypt • Iraq • Jordan • Yemen • Qatar • Comoros • Kuwait • Lebanon • Libya • Morocco • Mauritania • Oman • Palestine • Saudi Arabia • Somalia • United Arab Emirates • Sudan • Syria • Tunisia Somalia short article that says the states should be amended. Fill it to Wikipedia. Retrieved from &quot;http://bs.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somalija Categories: Members of the Arab League | In the beginning, Country | World Countries | Somalia
 