Prince William (28) is engaged to Kate Middleton (28), said on Tuesday the British royal family. William and Kate are related since 2003. year and for years rumors that the couple planned to marry. The wedding will take place in spring or summer 2011. year, according to a statement from Clarence House, prinčevog home near Buckingham Palace. The couple became engaged in October while on holiday in Kenya, the report said. Prince William was informed about the queen and other close family members. Permission was sought for marriage and the father of his fiancee. After the wedding the couple will live in north Wales. William and Kate relationship began while studying at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland where they lived several years in the same house with several friends. Although in 2001. together entered art history, William later switched to study geography. Both are graduates 2005th
 years, and their families to celebrate the shared lunch. Kate is the eldest child of Michael Middleton, a businessman and former air hostess Carole. He never did any media scandals spoke about his private life. Years at the top of the list of best dressed women in Britain and considered a fashion icon like the late Princess Diana. The wedding day will be declared a national holiday, and Kate will be married to William first princess of the 1600th was not of royal blood. - He will have to perform their statutory duties of the royal, but a lot of work as a helicopter pilot with the RAF-om the rescue of the following three years - a spokesman Dickie Arbiter for the BBC. The couple relationship first broke in April 2007. year. Supposedly, then break their &#39;sponsored&#39; big media exposure and separation of prinčevih frequent trips to the military base in Dorset. In August this year the second time they have appeared rumors that they broke off due to mutual accusations of fraud.
 Kate was then allegedly one of the advisors of Queen Elizabeth, said to be preparing to let the William and his father Charles, one day have a mistress. Supposedly Kate then decided to abandon the wedding. Charles and Diana were married 1981st The Prince&#39;s parents were married 1981st year, a ceremony of the direct transmission of television watched by millions of viewers. Prince Charles and Diana divorced in 1996. year because of mutual infidelity. A year later Diana died in a car crash in Paris. Tags: Prince William, engagement, wedding, Kate Middleton Last comments 16 Comments View all comments prior to 3 weeks, 3 days wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww864: when it hurts thing they got engaged in Kenya before 3 weeks, 3 days tipkalicaa: too long together, that would it was a superficial relationship or a contract or whatever already. They will be a good couple. Before 3 weeks, 3 days tipkalicaa: no one will surpass Dajana, neither son nor the new princess.
 was the law! only what is good to see that wilijam has its character and not his father. Do not you agree? Comment! To comment on the need to apply. You do not have an account? Registration is fast and easy, register and join the discussion.
 