Sri Lanka, officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka&#39;s The Island countries in South Asia. Sri Lanka occupies an island (in the past referred to as Ceylon), and several smaller islands in the Indian Ocean, southeast of the Indian Peninsula. Contents [edit] Geography Most of the land occupied by plains and hilly areas. Mountains are located just inside the island, with its highest peak Pidurutalagala (2524 m). The climate is monsoon. [Edit] History It is believed that today the majority Singalezi moved to Sri Lanka before the end of the sixth century BC After the third century BC from India conveyed Buddhism emerged as important centers of civilization in the Anuradhapura (around 200 BC - about 1000 BC) and Polonnaruwa (c. 1070th BC - 1200 BC). On the island were moved from the Indian mainland and the Tamils who have settled mainly in the north and along the coast. The number of immigrants and migration time were still subject to debate.
 Singalezi and Tamils have clashed periodically over the supremacy on the island. The first European colonizers, the Portuguese in the 16th and the Dutch in the 17th Ages restricted to the occupation of coastal areas and the interior has remained largely independent and its capital city in Kandyju. The whole island has become part of the British Empire 1796th After independence, the dominant role in the politics of the country had the Sinhalese majority, which led to dissatisfaction with the darkness and their open rebellion 1983rd led guerrilla group the Tamil Tigers. Ceasefire between the government and rebels lasted since 2001. Sri Lanka is one of the countries worst affected by the Tsunami in December 2004. Killed more than 30,000 people. [Edit] population of the two largest communities are Singalezi, mostly Buddhists (75%) and the Tamils, whose traditional religion is Hinduism (18%). On the island lives and significant Sunni Muslim community (7%) whose members speak Tamil language.
 [Edit] Economy The economy of Sri Lanka, traditionally the most important role is played by plantation agriculture (tea, rubber, cinnamon). After the liberalization and privatization of the economy in the past two decades in the foreground has emerged textile industry and food production, as well as strong service sector (finance, telecommunications). GDP per capita in 2004. was about $ 4,000, as measured by PPPs. p • d • Countries in Asia Countries Afghanistan • Azerbejdžan1) • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Bhutan • Brunei • Egipat2) • Ermenija4) • Philippines • Gruzija1) • India • Indonezija3) • Iraq • Iran • East Timor3) • Israel • Japan • Yemen • Jordan • South Korea • Cambodia • Qatar • Kazahstan1) • China • Kipar4) • Kyrgyzstan • Kuwait • Laos • Lebanon • Malaysia • Maldives • Mongolia • Myanmar • Nepal • Oman • Pakistan • Rusija1) • Saudi Arabia • Singapore • Syria • North Korea • Sri Lanka • Tajikistan • Thailand • Turkmenistan • Turska1) • United Arab Emirates • Uzbekistan • Vietnam Territories Hong Kong • Macau • Taiwan • Palestine Unrecognised States Abkhazia South Ossetia • • • Nagorno-Karabakh Northern Kipar4), 5) 1) Mostly in Europe.
 2) It is also part of Africa. 3) It is also part of Oceania. 4) The entire territory in Asia, but politically and culturally belong to Europe. 5) Recognized only by Turkey. Retrieved from &quot;http://bs.wikipedia.org/wiki/% C5% A0ri_Lanka Categories: Countries of the World | Sri Lanka
 