I have Homejni, founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran was a symbol of the protector of innocent peoples and nations in the world. He even before the victory of Islamic Revolution, called on Muslims worldwide in support of the Palestinian people. After the victory of Islamic Revolution in Iran, the same policy has become a priority in the policy of this country. Since the effective steps that I have taken Homejni, it was determination and the last Friday of the blessed month of Ramadan as the International Day of Quds. He asked all Muslims in the world to this day while maintaining a protest supporting the Palestinian people and express their hatred for the Zionist regime and its defenders. I have Homejni in a recorded message:&#39;&#39;All Muslims of the world call last Friday to elect a blessed month of Ramadan, which belongs to the Hadith Mubarak last third of this month and can be Lejletul staff as Quds Day. They are required to hold a demonstration by express support of the Palestinian Muslim people.&#39;&#39;Faith Islam pays full attention to the defense of the innocent and fight against the merciless.
 In this faith, oppression and injustice are not prihvatvljiva thing. Muslims are obligated to in any way suprotsave relentless. But as I have related, he says:&#39;&#39;Be friends with the oppressed and the enemy with relentless.&#39;&#39;In many Qur&#39;anic verses also highlights the struggle with the arrogant powers and the enemies of Islam. For example, in the 75th Surah Nisa verse we learn: &quot;Why did not you fight in Allah&#39;s way for the oppressed, for men and women and children, who cried: Our Lord, deliver us from this town, whose residents are bullies. And those we determine patron and Ti we give to those who will help us &quot;In the present examples given in this verse can be taken by the Palestinian people whose land is under the age of the Zionist occupation. So far killed or wounded tens of thousands of Palestinians, millions were displaced and thousands of them it in Israeli jails. Nevertheless, the killing of Palestinians is not yet completed and the Zionist regime every day it seems new crimes against the Palestinian people.
 The catastrophic situation of Palestinians in the Gaza strip is a symbol of their oppression. From four years ago, a million and half Palestinians living in Gaza is under lock Zionist regime. Savage attack Zionist army in the early days 2009th has resulted in about 1,500 martyrs and 5,500 wounded, which made it difficult to balance the people in Gaza. This destructive spree caused about 3 billion dolada damage infrastructure in Gaza. In essence, the people of Gaza is due to trying to ostavri their rights and that insistence has caused the most serious and najnehumanije pressures and procedures. The crisis in Gaza is currently most evident in the lack of food and medicines. Ministry of Health legitivne government of Palestine has recently announced that the stock of drugs consumed. Another problem is the people in Gaza is the lack of potable water and electricity during the hot days of summer, which creates an opportunity for the emergence of the disease. This happens when the Egyptian government closes the Rafah passage, and only activate it for a limited period.
 Also, it builds a steel wall on the border with Gaza, between 20 and 30 meters depth, which prevents the digging of tunnels. The Egyptian government cooperates with the Zionist regime, while most countries in the world criticizes Israel&#39;s blockade of Gaza and forcing the regime to desist from crime. One of the most important acts around the break blockade of Gaza has been sending humanitarian convoys fleet of&#39;&#39;freedom&#39;&#39;. The Zionist regime is 31 May this year, attacked this convoy which killed nine people. This crime has caused the anger of the world and increased the desire to send help to the people in Gaza. Pressure on the Palestinians not only in Gaza but also in the West Bank, where it continues attacks and aggression against the Zionist regime. Another important issue is the construction of settlements. The Zionist regime is trying to build Jewish settlements to change the image of a population in an area under occupation. This regime is due to international pressure to consent to 26
 September stop building settlements. However, as published by the newspaper Ha&#39;aretz, this regime will promptly after the deadline to start construction of 2700 flats in the West Bank. The next issue in Palestine is a terrible situation Aqsa Mosque, the first Qibla of Muslims and the place from which the Prophet of Islam went on Miradz. Zionists since 1967. year, when they have mastered this place, starting with its gradual destruction. Zionists claim that Aqsa was built on the site where it was once the temple of Suleiman and intend to destroy the mosque and in its place build a new one. Therefore, since 1967. until now often attacked this mosque. In 1969. ektrimni a Zionist mosque was burned. So far, the Zionists carried out by digging around and under the Aqsa Mosque and its threat and danger of collapsing. Especially since the conservative government of Benjamin Netanjahua came to power in destructive activities have increased. Attack of the Zionist regime is not limited to the mosque, but the regime is trying to expel Muslims from the town Bejtul Mukadesa and Jerusalem, that Zionists settled.
 The Zionist regime destroys Palestinian homes and to Zionists to reside in these areas. Mohammed Sabih, Deputy Secretary General of the Arab League, concerning the anniversary of the ignition Aqsa Mosque, warns that the Zionist regime follows a plan for Jerusalem jevrejiziranja 2020. year. Also Jusuf Džuma Salama, hatib and I have the axiom states that the Zionist regime is changing the signs of the Islamic center and converts it to a whole Zionist city. In this respect they were recently destroyed Mamenallah historic cemetery in the town. Zionists were also made in the parks which advertises Zionism and Judaism. It is believed that the museum beneath the Mosque izzgradnje AAKS place in accordance with jevrejiziranjem Bejtul Mukadesa. The Zionist regime in the commission of crimes, uključjući occupation of Palestinian land, killing and expulsion of Palestinians have the support of Western countries, especially the United States. This illegitimate regime with the support of Great Britain and the United States and was established with the support of Western governments and continues to carry out the crime.
 Unfortunately, the Arab governments want to negotiate and relate to such a regime. Negotiations between the Arabs and Israel began in 1991. years, but the Arab governments did not have any benefits. Also, negotiations between the Palestinian and Israelis slobodačke organizations have resulted in disappointment among the Palestinians, which was one of the main reasons for the start of the second Intifada in Palestine. Despite that, the Palestinian Authority has again expressed its willingness to negotiate with a regime whose hands are stained with blood of the Palestinian people. From when Palestinici every day faced with a new Zionist crimes, all Muslims of the world are bound by them. The Prophet said: &quot;He who does not think about other Muslims, can not be called a Muslim.&quot; Accordingly, any assistance to our Muslim brothers in Palestine is our religious obligation. International Quds Day is a good opportunity to all Muslims and those who fight for freedom highlight a protest against the Zionist regime and its defenders and express hatred towards them.
 Leader of Islamic Revolution, ajatullah Hamenei, in this regard says: &quot;Without doubt, the peoples of the world know more about the crimes of the Zionist regime and public opinion is more responsive to these crimes. Consequently, a great celebration of Quds is to support the Palestinian people on the one hand, and expressing hatred of the Islamic world against the Zionist regime and its defenders on the other side. &quot;
 