German Chancellor Angela Merkel has once again emerged as the winner. In Brussels, they accepted her very strict measures to provide assistance to Greece. Agreement is the result of the German-French agreement, said French President Sarkozy. Rejecting the possibility of providing financial assistance to other poor countries of the EU President Van Rompuy said: &quot;It is a mechanism which consists of aid from the International Monetary Fund and the greater part of the support from the countries of the euro area,&quot; explained a permanent president Rompuy. Money for Greece will flow only after it agrees to the European Central Bank and the European Commission considers it necessary. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Chancellor Merkel has managed, and Juncker said the latest deal in the euro area eurozonuŠef Jean-Claude Juncker said the deal was a last chance and added that &quot;speculators now know that Greece will not let you down.&quot;
 Juncker said that financial markets know that &quot;we do not just write songs that we have already agreed to a financial instrument.&quot; Although Juncker acknowledges that there will be keen to help Greece to combine the IMF and the countries of the eurozone, it is very likely that the third loan to Greece come from the IMF and two thirds of the eurozone countries. Greece welcomed the decision but said it will korisitit mechanism Bildunterschrift: Greece won the belt and network spašavanjeUkupan amount referred to Greece in the amount of 22 billion euros. However, Greece has announced that it will not use this aid package. &quot;We will not use the mechanism, because we hope that this decision was made at the highest level, send a message to the markets and cut interest rates,&quot; said Greek Prime Minister Papandreou. He was &quot;very pleased&quot; the decision of the Euro Group. &quot;Europe has made a step forward.&quot; The critics came from the head of the European Central Bank, Trichet.
 He said that it would be &quot;very, very bad&quot; if instead of the Euro Group, and member governments to intervene by the International Monetary Fund. However, at a press conference Trichet said: &quot;Thanks rabroj decision adopted by Greece and the very existence of the mechanism, this mechanism may not even need to be activated, because the market will recognize it as improving the credibility of Greece.&quot; The declaration euroskupine about the financial crisis in Greece, among other things: &quot;We emphasize that all members of the euro zone must implement a smart national policy that matches the adopted rules and they must be aware of shared responsibility for economic and financial stability of the eurozone&quot;. Rompuy accused of &quot;coup&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Van Rompuy in self-defense had korisititi quote De Gaulle: &quot;Do I look really like a dictator?&quot; In the end, this was the first official meeting at the top of the new permanent EU president Herman van Rompuy which journalists are accused of a coup carried out by a meeting chaired by Eurozone countries, though not stated in the Lisbon Treaty: &quot;I like the gray mouse already been accused of coup, it happened very quickly, but they are like de Gaulle, although I do not have his age and do not want to be compared with his historical personality.
 I will answer him, you really look like a dictator? &quot;Asked the president of the EU and Herman Van Rompuy. Author: Alen Chemistry of Re Brussels. eds: S. Kobešćak
 