According to official dietary guidelines of a healthy diet should contain 60% carbohydrates (from bread, potatoes, cereals, pasta, rice, fruits, vegetables). We are constantly interprets the difference between &quot;good&quot; and &quot;bad&quot; carbs, so we are advised to reduce consumption of sugar and white flour because they are something like &quot;bad guys&quot; and to increase consumption of whole and whole grains and fruits that are &quot;good guys&quot; . However, what health authorities or hiding from us, or they themselves do not understand is the following: Regardless of where the carbohydrates come from sugar, bread, potatoes, pasta, cereal, fruit or vegetables - they achieved exactly the same effect in our body and that that is rapidly converted into blood sugar - glucose. All carbohydrates are digested very quickly within a few minutes, which means that shortly after the &quot;healthy&quot; and &quot;balanced&quot; diet rich in carbohydrates, rapidly growing fast blood sugar (glucose) in the bloodstream.
 High levels of blood sugar is very dangerous, and the pancreas quickly produces large quantities of the hormone insulin, which needs to remove excess glucose from the bloodstream. A small note: the fat in foods does not raise blood sugar any effect on insulin secretion! This is important to remember because the insulin is absolutely a major factor in saving the fat reserves that leads to weight gain. How fat does not pull insulin into the bloodstream, so the fat from the food can not possibly lead to fat storage and weight gain in inventories. (1) One who says to you that eating fat causes weight gain just do not understand how the body works. Insulin removes glucose from the bloodstream. First, an amount converted to glycogen which is stored in the liver and muscles, but only a limited amount of glucose can be stored in this manner until all the rest is converted into fat and stores it in the form of fat. This is how you are due to diets rich in carbohydrates gain weight.
 The next problem is that when the level of glucose in the bloodstream returns to normal about 90 minutes after a meal, insulin levels, is still high and further removes glucose from the bloodstream and sends it to the fat cells. The result is that blood sugar falls below normal limits of what we then feel as glad that it usually satisfies the new portions of carbohydrates, sandwiches, biscuits or sweets, and thus start the whole process again. And thus gain weight while at the same time we are hungry! The next big problem is that insulin resistance caused by constant high levels of insulin in the blood reduces the ability to meet cents to satiety in the brain, which further contributes to overeating, the thickness and the development of type 2 diabetes (2) &quot;Healthy&quot; and &quot;balanced&quot; diet leads to the fact that we consume much more calories than your body needs, and to continue to feel hungry eat more. In this way we enter the vicious circle of constant weight gain with a constant feeling of hunger.
 Under these circumstances it is impossible not to eat, and obesity is inevitable. (3) It is an insulin response to high glucose in the blood is a major factor in weight gain in the long run, and this effect is particularly pronounced in people who have already developed insulin resistance. (4) What happens when you want to lose weight or smrsaviti? Here you are again advised &quot;healthy&quot; and &quot;balanced&quot; diet with minimal fat, which hinders your efforts to lose weight because the diet based on carbohydrates prevents fat burning stacked. Because, although you overweight, you really do not target your weight loss but to reduce fat, right? Weight can be reduced in various ways, such as loss of fluids from the body and reduced muscle mass of what is generally happening in izgladnjujucih diet, but the point is that the reduction of fat your body has to burn fat which is totally impossible in the presence of insulin in the bloodstream.
 Moreover as long as we present the glucose from carbohydrates the body will consume glucose for energy, not your stacked body fat. There are only two ways for the elimination of body glucose supply: This second approach has many advantages over standard hypocaloric and low-fat way to lose weight. There is no need to starve in order to feed fat the body ceases to look for glucose and naturally shifts to the exploitation of fat for energy. This is a far easier way: &quot;In the presence of dietary carbohydrate, the preferred fuel is glucose and the capacity to Mobilize fat is limited. Factors that increase blood glucose during dieting may stimulate insulin release and all the metabolic sequelae of circulating insulin. Fatty acid synthesis is activated and Lipolysis is profoundly inhibited by insulin even at very low concentrations of the hormones. &quot;(5) This means that if you continue with low-calorie low-fat&quot; healthy &quot;eating, forcing your body to produce fat (fatty acid synthesis) and disable wear fat (lipolysis).
 Insulin prevents the production of lipase, the enzyme needed to burn fat and thereby prevents your body to spend the stored fat, which mrsavljenje seems impossible. (6) 1. Robertson MD, Henderson RA, Vist GE, Rumsey RDE. Extended effects of evening meal carbohydrate-to-fat ratio on fasting and postprandial substrate metabolism. Am J Clin Nutr 2002; 75: 505-510. 2nd Brüning JC, Gautam D, Burks DJ, et al. Role of brain insulin receptor in control of body weight and reproduction. Science 2000; 289: 2122-5. 3rd Odeleye OE, de Courten M, Pettitt DJ, Ravussin E. Fasting hyperinsulinemia is a predictor of increased body weight gain and obesity in Pima Indian children. Diabetes 1997, 46: 1341-5. 4th Sigal RJ, El-Hashimy M, Martin BC, et al. Acute postchallenge hyperinsulinemia predicts weight gain: a prospective study. Diabetes 1997, 46:1025-9. 5th Kreitzman SN. Factors influencing body composition during very-low-calorie diets.
 Am J Clin Nutr 1992; 56: 217S-223S 6th Meijssen S, Cabezas MC, Ballieux CG, et al. Insulin mediated inhibition of hormone sensitive lipase activity in vivo in relation to endogenous catecholamines in healthy subjects. J Clin Endocrinol Metab 2001; 86: 4193-7.
 