Photo: Illustration: Tomislav Zlatić NOAM CHOMSKY I&#39;m afraid: the situation in America as in Germany before the war Globus / 26.10.2010. 23:25:50 Leading American intellectual left, the famed linguist and philosopher, the most active and most vocal critic of U.S. military interventionism around the world, especially in Iraq and Afghanistan, ahead of the elections for Congress, where Democrats predict defeat, in an exclusive interview with Globus analyzes the social, economic and political conditions in the United States before us today is much more indented world. In it, the United States continues to maintain a military force that nobody can come even close. But the U.S. can no longer issue orders that other people would listen. And it becomes a daunting task for this imperial power, because it shows that the system is eroding its control - so the conversation begins with Globus, Noam Chomsky (81), a scientist with a list of hundreds of the greatest minds of all time, which is his theory of generative grammar became the father of modern linguistics.
 His ideas have contributed to the cognitive revolution in psychology, even to the development of the system in the computer sciences. Chomsky is an analytical philosopher who polemicized with the greatest philosophical minds of the twentieth century. Since the 1960s and the Vietnam War is one of the most important political activists and analysts. Because of his extreme criticism towards the U.S. are mostly closed his doors leading U.S. media. He has written more than a hundred books: an incredible impact it had in 1988. the role of media propaganda, &quot;Manufacturing Consent&quot; (Manufacturing Consent), and two recent - &quot;Failed States&quot; (Failed States) and &quot;Hegemony or Survival&quot; (Hegemony or Survival) - were on the list of best-selling The New York Times. I had a rare honor for a family meeting with Chomsky and his wife Carol, also a famous professor of linguistics and Harvard University, with whom he was Noam whole life, ever since his youth in Philadelphia.
 Ever since Carol took place less than two years passed away, Chomsky is more plunged into work, and just work. This conversation we held between his two trips around the world, where it remains for the government right glad. We sat at a table at the end of his long working day after the regular classes and other obligations which they had at the Department of Linguistics and Philosophy MIT (Massachusettskog Institute of Technology), in which the department has been 54 years. Incredibly warm and humble, surprisingly youthful appearance, this erudite with a photographic memory welcomed me into his cabinet in the new avant-garde &quot;curve,&quot; MIT-building and the architect Frank Gehryja. The modern world is in flux, changing the distribution of forces. On one side we have the U.S. as the sole ruler of the world, especially in military terms, on the other what you call &quot;tripolar economic order&quot;. Come the new force. Can you predict the new balance of power? - Looking back, we see that the United States at the end of the Second World War had half the world&#39;s wealth, and undoubtedly the most important role in world security.
 This advantage has already started to melt in their 50-and 60-ies of the last century. Industrialized countries began to rebuild after the devastation of war, and economic development has made the world to be diverse. This can be traced to the vote at the United Nations, which was initially operated by the United States literally, and each was a Russian veto, because the U.S. used its Security Council as a weapon against the Russians. That is why the UN was the then very popular among the elite in the United States. The UN is at the moment, on the contrary, extremely unpopular. It&#39;s still under the control of the United States, but no longer total. In the early seventies the world has already begun to be economically tripolaran: North America, led by the United States, Europe led by Germany and Japan, which at that time in East Asia had a great economic power, the truth or approximate U.S.. And in military terms, the Russians were still in his corner. But then the U.S. has fallen to 25 percent of the world&#39;s wealth.
 And that decline is still continuing. At this point, the area north-east Asia&#39;s most dynamic economic regions in the world, it is a major manufacturing center, a center of all China. The present status of China does not understand enough. This is actually a large factory for making products. South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, Singapore, Hong Kong - these are the centers of technological innovation and development. Those parts supplies sophisticated technology, and China all to enter into and exported. If you look at the trade deficit the United States, about which everyone is now so concerned, he was with China is very high, but what is less noticed is that it is high is Japan, and others, because this is actually the same industrial system. Some studies suggest that the deficit with China recently dropped 20-30 percent, but the same percentage increased from Taiwan, Japan and South Korea. This whole industry a strong and collected substantial foreign monetary reserves.
 When he mentions foreign debt the U.S. is always talking about China, but Japan holds about the same. If the U.S. economic gradually weakens, as it was described, whether they would be able to remain the only empire, or chief ruler of the world? - It is a question in the world system right now wraps very dramatically. Take the example of Iran, to which the U.S. viewed as a major foreign policy issues. It is said that Iran is a major threat to world order. It is thought that Iran should be bombed. See the right hand: conservative columnist Charles Krauthammer in the Washington Post claims that, if Iran gets nuclear weapons, to be the end of the world. And we must stop because the survival of the issue. U.S. has introduced a very strict sanctions on Iran. But the United Nations did not. U.S. can not export through the UN because China does not want to, and the Russians have lost their teeth. None other than Europe do not respect these sanctions. Because Europe has chosen to be a sort of companion U.S. instead chose an independent path.
 The so-called nonaligned countries, thus a significant part of the world, support the right of Iran to enrich uranium. Neighboring Turkey has just announced that its trade relations with Iran are growing and they plan to triple trade. They are natural partners: Iran should industrial products, energy Turkey. And it&#39;s part of the Turkish general shift towards better relations with the countries of the Muslim-Arab world. For Saudi Arabia, an American diamond in the crown when it comes to the Middle East, the U.S. is still the main trading partner, and share them with China is growing significantly. They export their energy before turning to the East than the West. Brazil, the most prestigious land in the south of the hemisphere, openly supports Iran. United States where he stayed all isolated. If you do not care about other countries, China can not be ignored. I became nervous because China does not accept his dictation. The State Department is only a few weeks ago came with a warning about China, which reads like this: if you want to be accepted in the international community, have to deal with their international obligations.
 This &quot;international obligations&quot; means to follow U.S. orders. Of course, China is just laughing and not paying attention. And the U.S. does not know what to do. It is also seen in military relations. The Pentagon has just released a report that Chinese military expansion is a threat to the United States. But when you look at figures, China stands for the army, about a fifth of what the U.S. consumes only in Iraq and Afghanistan. Military investment in China are small part of the budget, while the U.S. spends roughly as much as all the rest of the world together. That is why recently there was a confrontation in international waters near China, where I happened to be when it happened. The Chinese were very upset by the presence of U.S. navy near its shores, especially because of plans to the schedules of most modern aircraft carrier, a missile which, according to them, could hit Beijing. The U.S. responded by accusing China of aggression and said that &quot;freedom must be ensured.&quot; But, otherwise, we know that China would never be allowed to hold military exercises here in the Caribbean Sea.
 There would be a nuclear war. Becomes interesting if we analyze this as a classic dilemma in terms of security, and that each of the participants what worked for him from that perspective is important. China is considered crucial to its security that controls the water near their coasts, and the United States for its security bit that it can move freely wherever they want, even the waters near China. This is the traditional imperialist attitude and behavior, which the U.S. is trying to demonstrate elsewhere in the world. But just look at South America, which was a sort of American yards and was considered normal that the U.S. controls. The situation has changed in recent years. South America, the first time in 500 years of Portuguese conquerors, begins to create its common institutions, to deal with its serious internal problems, because they are potentially a rich country, but with very great inequality and incredible poverty.
 In the past, when such a thing happened, the U.S. would simply deposed government. It can no longer do. These countries can not provide. Last February, they formed their organization CELAC, which includes all countries in the Western Hemisphere except the United States and Canada. She now does nothing, but very symbolic step in separating the hemispheres of the domination of the United States. There are other organizations like the Union of South American countries, the trade unions. All of this is beyond control, the United States. And more importantly, models of investment and trade are changing. China replaced the United States especially in many countries as a leading investor and customer. Even Brazil is moving in that direction. Things are happening outside the U.S., and he can not do anything. What could be the outcome of the U.S. desire to retain control of the new conditions and military advantage? - This question is not easily answered. Partly due to a serious deterioration of conditions in the United States. When you travel to Europe and back up here, you seem to have come in third world countries.
 Also I felt when I recently came from Taiwan. Nothing works, trains, roads. Infrastructure is about to collapse. The economy is not hopeless, but is in serious condition. And people - I&#39;ve never seen such anger, fear, rage! It takes a very irrational forms. If you follow all who now participate in the political game for the Congress, be amazed. Before the same people could not come even close to the election process. I do not think just because of its attitudes than the inner contradictions horrible message. These people from the Tea party (Movement tea parties) are angry, very angry. They say the government off our back, we back our country, etc. But when asked about individual matters: whether the government should reduce medical assistance to older, say no. Should the impact on education, they say we do not want any regulations, but should do more. It is a purposeless fear and anger. Is partly justified because, unlike the financial elite, the majority of the population in 30 years had no real increase in income.
 It&#39;s hard to survive, a family has no support in the European sense. People are still borrowing, and the value of their assets, like houses, is decreasing. It is a long term is unsustainable. Unemployment in the manufacturing sector is virtually at the level of the Great Depression. And there is no work because the banks and corporations do not care about the United States. They are interested in profit, and he is greater when investing in Mexico or China. As the jobs do not come back here, chances are the poor economy. We are the richest country in the world, but most can not feel his life. At the same time, the growing democratic deficit - just mention the blockade in Congress - in recent years following the declaration of messianic missions spread democracy in the world. And above all it is to defend our own military and economic interests. A separation of the army not only does not decrease, it increased under Obama. Currently we have the largest military spending since World War II.
 If you look at the deficit, he caused half the military budget. Others have to do with a dysfunctional health system, which is in total collapse. Is this deficit is sustainable? Probably not. It is hard to predict what will happen, but I do not see any encouragement. I do not see contra forces. Here&#39;s another example. The threat of environmental catastrophe, which is realistic and not so far, is one of the world&#39;s major problems. The Senate recently unanimously adopted a position that prohibits the adoption of any environmental laws that would increase taxes. In fact, he says: do not do anything! Out of 48 candidates in the impending elections, only one believed that human activity is causing global warming. And he lost the primaries. This means that no one believes that they are all against the general scientific conclusion. And it is a reflection of a strange development in the United States. In addition to growing fear of immigrants, especially Muslims.
 It is believed that there is a Muslim conspiracy to recapture the country and the introduction of sharia law, and that Obama is their representative. Frightening is the level of irrational fear and hatred. Reminds me, to be honest, to Germany before the Second World War. Which was then najciviliziranija, the most advanced country in the world. And look what happened to her. I&#39;m not saying that will happen here, there are differences, but also some pretty nasty similarities. When the empire becomes so angry and frustrated, and partly weak, then what? - Then it&#39;s dangerous, very dangerous. Can do very bad things. What happens with Afghanistan but is ugly enough, but the real problem is Iran. Every year, the Pentagon and the intelligence presented to Congress estimates of global security. The last was in April. In reading them it becomes clear that Iran poses no military threat, because it has the smallest military investment in the region, very little ability to attack.
 Its military strategy is oriented towards the defense of the invasion. If you have a nuclear program, about which I know nothing, and he has to defend. And why then is Iran the greatest threat to the U.S.? Because we are not acting on orders. And trying to expand its influence in neighboring countries. When we invade and occupy countries in their neighborhood - is said to be stabilizing. When they try to expand their influence - that is destabilizing. This is a threat. And they just practice their sovereign right. Just as in the case of China. When they exercise their sovereign right, do not listen to orders, not under the control of the U.S. - but it represents a huge threat. Obama has significantly expanded the military threat. Maintained by naval exercises in the Persian Gulf. On the island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean, which has a military base, has sent hundreds of so-called. deep-penetrating bombs, the biggest bombs in the arsenal of nuclear weapons, which are directed towards Iran.
 I slowly going towards becoming quite normal to use them because apparently no choice. I may not even think of what might be the consequences! While Obama&#39;s rhetoric and tone in international relations, different from Bush, it seems that he continues the Bush doctrine of preventive war. - Unfortunately, being in the U.S. there is an ideological support. The Bush policy of preventive war and even got a lot of support for liberal intellectuals. According to some authors, has deep roots in American history, from John Quincy Adams and his thesis that the path to security in the expansion. In other words - if you do not control everything, you&#39;re not sure. Bush has just re-emphasized. And Obama in his own way. It is still the dominant policy. But it is very dangerous in the context of the world when you have a very powerful state run by a very irrational forces. And many fear the enormous power of destruction. From the recently published book Bob Woodward, &quot;Obama&#39;s wars&quot; most impressed me this: in the first meeting with Obama at the time of taking power the military brass did not have a strategy for the current war in Afghanistan, but was immediately put all of their technological and financial requirements for future wars that might happen 2015th
 and 2020th year. It&#39;s like preparing for an endless war? - Rat forever - it is a military job. In fact there is a new strategy speaks of a great book of history, Boston University professor Andrew Bacevich, &quot;Washington Government: American put in a permanent war (American Empire Project)&quot;. Earlier it was to remain dominant and survive without war, unless it is absolutely necessary (Powell Doctrine). A new - prepare yourself for endless war and remain in it forever, against the world. The whole army and the military system that are adjusted. And Obama - if the correct interpretation of Woodward - caught in this trap. People like Gen. David Petraeus is extremely dangerous. He has political ambitions. I was very honored, and if it comes to anything that could be called a military victory in Afghanistan will probably be the Republican nominee for president. He is a very dangerous person, be eager, intelligent and evil.
 His concept of the permanent war, just as it says Bacevich. Once you have quoted biologist Ernst Mayr that &quot;the history of life on earth refutes the claim that it is better to be smart than stupid.&quot; You say that we are entering a time when it will be checked. How? - Mayr, a giant of American biology, and a respected advocate of evolutionary biology, he showed that if you look at the biological success and abundance, they are the stupidest most successful organisms, with no brain - the bacteria that reproduce rapidly, or worms. And that with the rise of the intelligence scale biological success decreases. There are fewer mammals, much less primates. People have a lot just because it&#39;s in the past 10,000 years agriculture has progressed by surprise. He also says that the average life of a species about 100 thousand years, which is approximately what the people there. And people go to the global destruction. Environmental crisis is an obvious example.
 A threat of nuclear war is increasing. This means that we are in the process of self-destruction. That someone watching, say, from Mars, you would say that it has a lot of evidence. And we do not have much time to prove the contrary. (Jasmine Ryan)
 