John Meller Tomljenović &quot;Photographs and photomontages&quot; Bauhaus - Dessau 1929th - 1930. (Referee Mario Collection) from 07 The 3rd to 28.03. 2010th Opening on Sunday 07th March 2010. noon high school concept for the design of Bauhaus, by Walter Gropius founded the 1919th in Weimar, and that&#39;s great to work until 1933. years, ie until the arrival of the Nazis to power in Germany, is built into the very foundations of modern and contemporary art of the 20th c. School in 1926. was moved to Dessau. 1932. Bauhaus is headquartered in Berlin, to 10th August 1933rd the new Nazi regime completely abolished this famous school. John Tomljenovic (later Meller-Tomljenović) joined the Bauhaus in Dessau in the fall 1929th year. In accordance with the curriculum so attending. Preparatory Course for BA. Joseph Albers. Upon successful completion of basic courses, enrolled in the photography department as it then leads Walter Peterhans.
 On the photographic department, students are introduced to the principles then a new and modern photography and visual culture in general. Photos by the time John Tomljenovic done at the Bauhaus, show all the features of the new sensibility and new visual culture: the vertical perspective, the lower angle, sometimes bizarre themes, effects of light-dark, double exposures, negatives, and experiments with photomontage. Enthusiastic and dynamic atmosphere of what was ruled at the Bauhaus in Dessau, John Tomljenovic recorded his camera. In her photos there is the daily life of students of the Bauhaus, its friends and acquaintances, but also unambiguous orientation towards a new aesthetics of photographic images. Her photomontages &quot;dictatorship in Jugoslawien&quot; from early 1930-ies is an example of this new aesthetic and formal solutions that were implemented at the Bauhaus at that time. Thanks to the collection of photographs and Ivan Tomljenovic, which collects a g.
 Marinko judge from Zagreb, Gallery Lang is a great honor being able to almost thirty years after re-introduce this small but extremely valuable opus Tomljenovic.
 