Already last year, CEBS, Committee of European Banking Supervisors (Committee of European banking supervisory authorities) conducted a test load 25 largest monetary house of the old continent. Until now, the test carried out discreetly and away from the public eye. Finally, and this Committee is only a sort of meeting place, usually at the level of Director of Department for Supervision of institutions in all 27 member states with a small office in London, virtually no operational authority. Policy wants to play for your bank Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The test is exposed to - in the meantime, virtually nationalized German bank Hypo Real Estate, which would first have to show weakness. But then politics intervened: there is already a form of joint initiatives, the European body that supervised the operations of national banks and supervisors during Spain&#39;s presidency of the CEBS and asked to create a test load which would be exposed to almost all major banks in Europe and against which to could compare their stability.
 It would then be something like a dress rehearsal for the &quot;real&quot;, European Union monitors all banks, the body that actually does not exist yet. After a lot of controversy, how does Europe compare the solidity of the bank when one of the main elements - a provision of the minimum reserve requirement Bank, still under the jurisdiction of the national central banks. Then the question of whether to publish all the information and that the bank put on the list. She finally came up with a list of 91 banks across Europe, from giants like Deutsche Bank and Paribas, to Nova Ljubljanska Bank or Bank of Valletta - and almost everyone, even the smallest banks Spain. Although it already had heard that there are some bank &quot;passed&quot; or not, the official results of that test are expected this Friday (23.7.) In 18 hours, after the stock market are closed. Three scenarios Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: It seems as if all pass the same test - but there are differences between the test for banks in Germany than in Greece test load is reduced to three scenarios where you look, how would this impact on the bank&#39;s operations.
 After the first, imagining that everything is fine and that the rate of growth in the European Union corresponds to that provided by the European Commission, this year it was increased by one percent, following a 1.5%. It is almost unbelievable that any bank &quot;fall&quot; for this step, but then tries to simulate a lot worse than the predicted boom, the normally three per cent below forecasts. To make matters worse, imagine the drop in interest on the capital market - in other words, it examines how much the bank has capital that will be exposed to storms in the market. The third scenario deals with it quite a team, &quot;safe&quot; money since it is usually also included in the government bonds. This in turn repeats what we have seen recently &quot;live&quot; from the bonds of Greece: a sudden drop in confidence, or the additional burden of 30 basis points for the riskiness of the security business. Although this test then it sounds fair, he actually did: completely different data will show, for example, banks in Germany than in countries that are already going through tough days.
 Despite the enormous media and public attention, this test is intended only as a frame of information and guidelines for the national guards and the central bank - at least until it is established the European Office for Banking Supervision with the powers that would really be something to change in banks. But in the plans for the formation of EBA is intended to make it again the directors of the national authority for banking supervision, which will be sure to have political independence as well as at the national level, but that will not be a &quot;super-office&quot; which will have the authority to speak to everyone, what to do. Author: AS / dpa / Reuters Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 