Although one of the most successful Croatian scientists, Professor. Ivan Dikic not enough &quot;good&quot; to become a corresponding member of the Croatian Academy of Arts and Sciences. In fact, according to Jutarnji list, at a meeting of the Department of Medical Sciences on Wednesday Dikic not received enough votes to become the candidate of the classes as corresponding member of the Academy Assembly to be held in May. Ivan Dikic (43) Director of the Institute of Biochemistry, Goethe University in Frankfurt and scientific director of the Centre of Excellence Frankfurt (CEF). He has won many prestigious awards including the award highlights the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR). The idea of his candidacy for the corresponding member of the Academy came from academics Davorin Rudolf. - Because you live in Split, I know how much BA. Dikic engaged in the Faculty of Medicine and the sciences. But, as I am in the Department of Social Sciences, I could nominate him, but so did colleagues from the Department of Medical Science - Rudolf said.
 Academician Dragan Dekaris from the Department of Medical Sciences, who suggested Đikića as corresponding member, admitted he was disappointed by vote. - Personally I do not know prof. Dikic, I was only one of his lecture, but I am familiar with his work and success in the world. I thought it was an excellent candidate for a corresponding member - said Dekaris. It is interesting that at the meeting of the Department of Medical Sciences held a month ago Ivan Dikic received 12 votes, so on the basis that he was nominated as the sole candidate for the corresponding member. However, at a meeting on Wednesday, when he should make a decision about his candidacy, Dikic in both rounds of secret voting got 7 of the required 10 votes. - Voting is secret and it is difficult now to speculate about it. But perhaps one of the explanations that prof. Dikic operates in Croatia, and should not be a candidate for corresponding than for associate member or full member of the Academy - said the academician Zvonko Kusić, Secretary of Department of Medical Sciences.
 Prof. Dikic said that I did not initiate his nomination, but the idea came from the Academy. - I agreed to it because as an associate member would not have had any financial or material gain, and I wanted some of his ideas to help CASA programs. Why is the Department of Medical Science rejected my nomination even though I initially suggested, it is not clear to me - he said Dikic. (Jl) did not accept the nomination Propala Radman Ivan Dikic for the corresponding member of the case greatly resembles Radman. Specifically, Miroslav Radman, one of the most famous Croatian scientist and member of the French Academy of Sciences, 2006. was not elected full member of the Academy. Interestingly enough, then some academics to justify the fact that Radman already has the status corresponding member, which is the counterpart of the regular membership, but the Croatian scientists from abroad. Now, in turn, launches the story that Đikića be eligible for regular, not a corresponding member.
 