Greek-Israeli consortium &quot;Aktor&quot; who was second in the open competition for the construction of a highway earlier this week submitted a final offer, but also requested new talks with the government of Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic. It is the job of building two of the five highway sections totaling 55 miles for which the supplier requires even 1.2 billion euros. Despite the good will and wishes of the Montenegrin leaders to build modern roads from the Adriatic coast to the border with Serbia before it starts, there is little hope that they will accept the proposal of the Greeks and the Israelis. Podgorica remembered and Austrians Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Offer Croatian consortium failed because the constructor could not find partneraZato Minister of Transport, Maritime Affairs and Telecommunications of the Government of Montenegro Andrija Lompar says he may open a third offer that gave Austria Group &quot;Alpina&quot;.
 The winner of the vacancy announcement, Croatian consortium led by Split &quot;constructor&quot; was dropped from the contest because it failed to provide the necessary bank guarantees. It seems that similar problems with the Greeks and the Israelis and the representatives of the Montenegrin government in mid-next week to discuss it in Brussels with the leaders of the European Investment Bank and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. These financial institutions are, like the International Monetary Fund, has so far opposed the construction of the highway in Montenegro, believing that it is unrewarding project. Feasibility study has shown that he will be economically feasible only for - 18 years. Why has not agreed with Belgrade and Brussels? Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The chances of Montenegro would be better if it was not clear, where does this road after the border, &quot;Line Bar-Boljare and on to Belgrade, not included in the network of trans-European corridors and European institutions have no interest to be financed &quot;said the Montenegrin president of the National Alliance for European Integration Nebojsa Medojevic.
 &quot;With Serbia has not agreed on a joint strategy to build the transport route, the joint funding and access to EU funds which could be made available to both Montenegro and Serbia, if this line was introduced as a connection to the &#39;Corridor 10&#39;, which is part European corridor network. &quot;Emin Durakovic Independent Expert considers that even the good that will collapse the negotiations with the consortium&quot; Aktor &quot;because, he argues, the current economic and financial system of Montenegro could not endure such a burden. He is convinced that the whole, the big bells announced the &quot;Deal of the Century&quot; in Montenegro practically back to the beginning. &quot;Unfortunately, we lost four to five years because of the wrong ways of keeping the process of building the highway. Nobody can be happy because we all want to start building these roads. But this is too serious a project that would have led to such a frivolous government. Author: Mustafa Canak Re.
 ed: A. Subic
 