UPDATE (23/04/10): Air traffic is normalized in the meantime, I leave no paper online in the event that you alternate methods of transportation on the island is still interested in him or do you need them in the future, the more so as the problems are due to volcanic eruptions in Iceland and still possible. While the airline to a halt due to clouds of volcanic dust, meanwhile, hangs over almost the whole of Europe, and other vehicles are loaded to the maximum in all directions. How can I at least tried to somehow help those who were in Britain and should have in the meantime but to travel, here are collections of useful links and resources for finding alternative modes of transportation. Terra Satellite (NASA) flew over the volcano 16th April around noon and shot this photo using your MODIS instrument. A cloud of dust stretching from Britain to Germany (right), including large areas of France, Belgium and the Netherlands.
 (Photo: NASA / MODIS Rapid Response Team) All airlines currently over Europe to a halt. British airspace has been closed until further notice. British Airways has canceled all flights that would otherwise have been planned for Sunday and Monday. Ryanair has canceled all flights in Europe, including the UK and out of it, until Monday at 13 o&#39;clock, just as easyJet. Lufthansa and Croatia Airlines also canceled all flights until further notice. Wizzair has also canceled all flights between Zagreb and Luton airports. It is clear that all these periods are extended, and it is quite possible to stretch for another day, but all the airlines on their websites set up to date information with instructions about how to obtain a refund of money paid - to make it at least be able to continue to plan your trip - and regularly updated this information with further information. So this is the first place you should visit and look at current information.
 Currently, no one is willing to predict when the air transport could normalize since the volcanic dust could pose a really big threat to aircraft and result in difficulties, accidents or material damage to the aircraft and engines. Trains Eurostar is the quickest way to leave the island. Price one-way ticket to Paris is about 200 euros. On the line runs extra trains (up to a day out of 8) and Eurostar said they are yesterday was the busiest in history. Maps is pretty hard to get - apparently they are not for the next few days, unless you have very very very lucky and slip on some of the special additional trains. Keep in mind that the train is in any case the most expensive option. If you manage to get the train to Paris, still should be relatively easy - even trains. Fast train to Stuttgart (TGV) and then direct train to Zagreb are in this case as one possible solution.
 Buses Buses are the fastest, but the best way of leaving Britain. Within the network of Eurolines, a European network of bus services for longer trips, the British National Express has a few lines to Europe. Buses depart from London Victoria Coach Station. Judging by information from the web is the terrain, it seems that they are far more likely that you will be able to embark on some of the still large number of buses than in Eurostarov train as tickets for buses there. Bus lines are also enhanced. Probably not in the mood for sitting on a bus nearly 32 hours, but if all other options are exhausted and unavailable, and you have no choice, Eurolines offers a combination of the following buses to Zagreb - the flight, but almost no waiting: depart from Victoria Coach Station in 20: 30, arriving in Frankfurt, wait 45 minutes and transfer to a bus to Zagreb. In Zagreb you will arrive two days later at 04:00 am.
 Physically exhausting, but not too much financially - £ 130th Some of the other options that make sense are: a ferry across the English Channel (English Channel) and you can go by ferry. However, it is probably better to buy a bus ticket, and thus to ensure the transition of the channel than to travel to the English coast and then again in France think about how and what remains. However, if you choose this adventure, will be available following ferry lines, a principal and most practical starting point to where you should send the Dover. Until it is easy to reach by any means of transportation (bus or train). Ferry lines that are available are: Other ideas? If you still have a good idea that might help those who think that the UK return home before the normalization of air traffic, or you find yourself in that situation so you have reviewed and organized the successful return of another combination of vehicles, share it with us in the comments!
 