Since our permanent correspondent Washington, 17 May - Washington is not &quot;on the first ball,&quot; reacted to this morning&#39;s disclosure agreements visokoobogaćenog exchange for low-enriched uranium, Iran reached with Brazil and Turkey, but the first reaction of its Atlantic partners, Britain and France, speaking of suspicions that Tehran give up its main goal - to become a nuclear power. Yet, what with Ahmadinejad after the 18-hour talks succeeded Brazilian President Lula da Silva and Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan zakomlikovalo the position of America and the Western powers because of the weakened front at the Security Council to impose sanctions. It turns out to Tehran was performed another successful maneuver that has bought time and broke the current composition of the Security Council in which both Brazil and Turkey are currently non-permanent members. Tehran, in fact, returned to the position he had last October in negotiations with the five nuclear powers - Britain, France, China and Russia, which for this occasion were amplified and non-nuclear nemačkom - to 1.2 tonnes of uranium replace your niskoobogaćenog for 120 pounds visokoobogaćenog, in the form of fuel rods for its medical reactor, an old plant that he made the Americans before the Islamic revolution 1979th
 This agreement has not been realized due to subsequent Iranian conditions: that the swap done simultaneously and in its territory, which was not acceptable to the West. Iran, meanwhile, began producing its own visokoobogaćenog and uranium - that which is material for an atomic bomb - which led to the action that led the U.S. to live in the Security Council because the regime a vote of a sharp economic and political sanctions. Iran and Turkey have entered the scene when they are convinced that the sanctions received the necessary momentum. Under the new formula, the uranium would be conducted by barter in Turkey - there would be Iran exported its uranium, and from there imported the other - although it is not clear how it would be technically performed, since Turkey has no conditions for storage, or enrichment technology. The latter is thereby more readily than the first: the Geneva plan is meant to fuel the reactor for medical supply or in Russia or in France, or even in Brazil, that have this technology.
 The latest concession to Iran, however, again spiced important &quot;but&quot;. It is this time that the announcement will not disrupt the production of their own visokoobogaćenog uranium, making it, if it actually does, will undoubtedly lead the way towards constructing nuclear weapons. Hence the big dilemma, and even a certain confusion and the United States and its allies: how far to reject it on what they agreed to seven months ago? How, after the latest trades, the necessity for sanctions to persuade China, which has always believed that we should give diplomacy a chance. Finally, neither Turkey or Brazil, two economic and diplomatic force in the rise (where Turkey has a special ambition and the Middle East and the Balkans), to accept that what they consider their great success to declare anything? Especially since after the disclosure agreements and Lula and Erdogan said that &quot;there is no need for sanctions.&quot; According to the reaction from the EU, which came before the U.S., a declaration from the troika Tehran does not eliminate a key concern to Europe and the United States about whether Iran&#39;s nuclear program to the ultimate goal, despite the fact that the Iranians claim that is exclusively civilian, has a nuclear bomb.
 Tehran agreement as a partner and supervisor of the entire replacement surgery has a uranium to other International Atomic Energy Agency, the official body that performs a global nuclear monitoring. This Agreement shall be officially notified &quot;within the seven&quot; days. Chances are therefore that both America and its supporters in this plot for his final answer wait for an expert opinion from Vienna. For the same reason you should not expect an unequivocal response to the invitation which was sent to Ahmadinejad: to return all the negotiations &quot;based on honesty, justice and mutual respect.&quot; Milan Misic
 