In the Middle East, analysts say, today was a great day! Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and Saudi King Abdullah traveled together to visit Lebanon. Anything but the usual diplomatic parade! In the Middle East has long been proven that things are much more complicated, a frequent and dangerous mirage. Syrian President&#39;s first visit to a neighboring country with which Syria had until 2005. and more than a strong relationship, particularly the military, that they fell to a low branch when the side, Syrian troops after 29 years najurena from Lebanon. The occasion was the assassination of Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, for which the suspects were members of Hezbollah. Today&#39;s arrival of al-Assad should be a sign of normalization of relations between Damascus and Beirut. In all this is irrelevant and lasting familiarity with Syria, Lebanese Hezbollah, which, according to Western sources, constantly and thoroughly modern weapons arming. When it is known that Israel is just Hezbollah largest stumbling block to any broader peace negotiations, it is clear that the prospects for a peace agreement fading to fainter can not be! It must be remembered that Syria in Lebanon is regarded as patron Shiites and their various different factions.
 At the same time Saudi Arabia in their midst keeps Sunnis. These ties with the Sunnis and Shiites are considered to be crucial at the moment and that&#39;s what the official Lebanon expects its guests: a calm and other communities in order to continue. We recall that the great difficulty jade raskrčena forests of different demands and intentions, while Lebanon has not received any such common unity government. Prime Minister&#39;s son killed Hariri, Saad Hariri. However, it did not take long to revive the conflict! Beirut had spread rumors that the UN court, after lengthy deliberation, declare the members of Hezollaha guilty of killing Rafik Hariri. Enough to never again put out the fire fell! Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah reacted fiercely, giving it clear that they will not accept the verdict and accusing the UN as politicized and that is part of the Israeli project! Dark, just after sunrise in Middle Eastern politics.
 Therefore it was necessary arrival Syrian and Saudi, to each his part urazume Lebanese and an attempt to prevent development that could easily spin out of control. Even before the guests and hosts sit at the table, the ratings can be achieved by good deal different. Prime Minister Saad Hariri is expected a big boost stabilize the situation in Lebanon, and Hezbollah see that the possibility of Arab unity is faced with a conspiracy intended to destabilize the country and lead to a coup. Of course the Middle Eastern association specifically observed in Israel and the West. Getting closer to Syria, Saudi Arabia and Turkey and their influence can facilitate, speed up the peace process, but it can and retire. The Iranian factor in the case of Syria, Israel, is particularly worrying, but the United States, who is trying in every way to convince Damascus to give up the multi-year alliance with Iran. So far, unsuccessfully! Bashir al-Assad is not an easy negotiator who acts according to the motto: If you do not have peace, every day you can expect the war! Opinion on the Israeli government clearly expressed after the attacks on humanitarian convoys of ships: It is piromanska government and no chance to negotiate with it.
 It remains contentious issues as the crisis in that part of the world: Who will be the one who will say now is enough, without throwing insults and accusations, sit back and pregovarajmo, let&#39;s talk, because only thus can reach the goal. Interestingly, in all that is Egypt, a former great player in the peace process, silent, poorly are not mentioned. More Mubarak to domestic problems more than others or benumbed, and no more than a symbol, a key player in the Middle East?
 