Cannes - Antibes - Grasse - Nice - Monaco - Monte Carlo (6 days, BUS) Cote d&#39;Azur, is always mentioned for its beauty and famous for glamor, stretches over 100 kilometers and includes places like Monte Carlo, Nice, Cannes and Saint Tropez. Be a part of the world of glamor to the early days of the new year to welcome the most beautiful coast in the world. 1st DAN (29.12.2010. - WEDNESDAY) - Sarajevo, Zenica, Doboj ... Departure in the evening in Sarajevo with parking in front of the National Museum. Luxury bus ride through the Croatian, Slovenia and Italy to France, with stops along the way to keep the rest for the group ... 2 DAN (30.12.2010. - Thursday) - Afternoon arrival in Kan Kan, a city of film festivals, luxury hotels and beautiful sandy beaches. Upon arrival, placement in a hotel and time for rest. Check-in at the hotel available from 15.00pm. In the evening, walking along the channels with a tour Kroaz - the most famous streets in the city, going to the movie palaces with the famous red carpet.
 Back to the hotel. Overnight. 3rd DAN (31.12.2010. - FRIDAY) - Antibes, Nice - HAPPY NEW YEAR Breakfast. After breakfast, optional possibility of going to Antibes and the perfume factory in Gras. Antibes is one of the most charming places on the Cote d&#39;Azur. The town surrounded by walls, hiding a large number of beautiful squares, and great museums of which the most famous Pikasov most interesting museum. The excursion will continue going to the nearby Gras where we have the opportunity to visit one of the most famous perfume factories. After returning to the hotel and rest in the evening departure to Nice, where we all meet together on New Year&#39;s beautiful square mass and world famous English promenade. Back to the hotel. Overnight. 4th DAN (01.01.2011. - SATURDAY) - Cannes, Monaco, Monte Carlo Breakfast. Free time to relax and enjoy a canoe with a large number of tourists and celebrities from around the world. In the evening, an optional trip to one of the richest countries in the world and the real pearl of the Mediterranean - the Principality of Monaco, with a rerun of New Year at the luxurious Monte Carlo.
 Back to the hotel. Overnight. 5th DAN (02.01.2011. - Sunday) - France, Italy, Slovenia ... Breakfast. Check-out from the hotel on time, packing things into the bus and free time until departure to Bosnia ... 6 DAN (01.03.2011. - MONDAY) - BH, Sarajevo Arrival in Sarajevo in the morning ... first minute PRICE: 345.00 km Hotel Price 1 / 3 Price 1 / 2 Price 1 / 1 Etap Cannes Centre 2 ** 395.00 KM 455.00 KM 575.00 KM PRICE INCLUDES: PRICE DOES NOT INCLUDE: NOTE: DESCRIPTION: The hotel ETAP CANNES CENTRE Etap Hotel Cannes Centre 2 ** is a cost, as suggested by the arrangement of the room and is among the low-budget hotel group Accor . It is situated 10 minutes walk from the town and the famous movie palaces, as well as Kroaz, walking with renowned restaurants, cafes and boutiques. The hotel has 102 rooms, all air-conditioned with toilet, shower, satellite TV, telephone and wireless internet connection.
 All rooms are triples (a French bed + 3 bunk bed).
 