It was an expected event, but it was like a miracle, and 1997th The whole world is watching, aware that following the new changes (so one year later a similar scenario will be seen in Germany) there was a change of government in the UK. RELATED NEWS News A group of people in boring suits who wore oversized glasses frames and were as uninteresting as their external appearance (in fact eminent in former Prime Minister John Major who had under-foot for the shoes that he left the former head of Margaret Thatcher, whatever thought of its politics) is run over by a group of young people in elections, propulsive people, led by Tony Blair. The election winner is a young, potent, beside him stood a successful lawyer, bushy hair and a broad smile that did not hide the cameras. Blair talked about the third way and New Labour announced, new Labour. United Kingdom was euphoric, I felt the breath of new ideas and policies (Scottish Parliament has promised greater autonomy and the promise fulfilled).
 And then the earth shook the tragedy, was killed Lady Diana. Blair understands the importance of the moment, with the coffin in the airport and get teary the whole nation is with him, more than 80 percent of Britons supported the young prime minister. Eight years later, Blair struggled wins the third time in the elections, partly because of the announcement that they will leave the party&#39;s top spot and the government. His charisma was bitten, he admitted that he is closer to George W. Bush than Bill Clinton, pulled the country into the Iraqi adventure true to his belief in the intervention, but fails to convince the public that Saddam Hussein really had weapons of mass destruction - the British media he removed womb and always question when it will finally retire (as was once the Slovenian Mladina numbered days in power Staneta Dolanc). In June 2007. finally leaves, and leaves the party and government in the hands of Gordon Brown, just before the big global financial crisis.
 Former Minister of Finance is kobelja, but the Labour Party is their fine. A year ago, dissatisfied with the party members, aware of Brown&#39;s policy that leads to electoral defeat, moving the party coup and a key role in this project has a young Foreign Secretary David Miliband, which everyone already seen as Labour&#39;s new leader. But David is not going to end, he will antagonize many, and Brown remains in the saddle, and his team has a great weapon against David (who was and Blair&#39;s man) - his younger brother Ed which is entrusted to a very important department of Energy and climate change. And even then the British media claim that the battle for leadership of Labour&#39;s lead among two brothers, whose father was a Marxist, to Jewish immigrants from Polish. Ed was the day before yesterday in Manchester won, narrowly, with just over one percent advantage. Right by the media have called the Red Ed (Ed red), clearly giving it clear that the new Labour Party chief turns away from center to left wing.
 This strengthens its position as the assertion that his election victory that brought the unions to his side drew an invitation to a party, which Blair led by center back to its roots and working class. The author referred to in yesterday&#39;s Sunday Telegraph, Labour&#39;s new leader offers support iscijeđenoj middle class, but points out that the party must turn to those who work and says it will support the government&#39;s policy of cutting public spending (11 percent deficit), but it will not allow it goes at the expense of people who work hard. Ed is, therefore, the new face of the British left, with only 40 years, but the rhetoric is a clear departure from Blair&#39;s Third Way. Will not be easy for him because he was not voted most Labour MPs, as well as party leaders - they would all prefer to see David at the helm of the party. However, Ed&#39;s got the support of key voters, workers, and this is the moment the greatest strength.
 If it fails to win over his brother, and with him and other party factions, it opens up space to unite and blairiste and browniste and to turn a new leaf in the history of Labour. But it has a positive effect on the left in Europe which is in deep crisis: in Germany, the Greens overtook the SPD in the polls, in Italy, Berlusconi&#39;s main opponent is his former partner Fini, in Sweden, the Socialists suffered a historic defeat, in Hungary and Poland, and they almost no. The Left obviously needs a new impetus, new ideas and new people, perhaps Ed Miliband, Labour, if stabilized, could give new impetus to the strengthening of the Left in Europe, so that Spanish Prime Minister Zapatero is no longer alone in the world as the Pale. Number of recommendations: 9 Post to Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 