If for a moment and it seemed that Poland is returning to normal, yesterday&#39;s passage of a coffin with the remains of first lady Maria Kaczynski in Warsaw again all came back to mind images of tragedy and shock of Saturday&#39;s disaster in Smolensk. After landing military aircraft in the Warsaw airport, the body Lech Kaczynski&#39;s wife welcomed daughter Marta and son Jaroslaw and a few advisers and officials from the office of president. Particularly poignant was the daughter of Martha&#39;s Eve remains the mother of Mary. Flowers for first lady Kaczynski family did not want to be welcoming representatives of the Polish government. The convoy passed the coffin was the same as in the streets of Warsaw on Saturday with the body Lech Kaczynski. The citizens of Warsaw have indulged a tribute to the Polish first lady, throwing flowers, mostly tulips and cream colors that bear her name. Friends who knew her describe her as extremely hot, warm, intelligent person who has had his views and never was not afraid to express, even if they differed from the views Lech Kaczynski.
 Killed presidential couple left the bereaved only daughter Martha. According to family tradition, Marta Kaczynski studied law, and last year graduated lawyer who has passed a law exam. The whole family is experiencing difficult Kaczynski her divorce two years ago because they objected to the media breach of conservative values advocated by L. Kaczynski. The first lady gave up her career because her husband&#39;s involvement in the activities of the opposition Solidarity movement 80-ies, and their daughter in childhood is rarely saw his father at home. &quot;Then I was a little unhappy that the opposition (Solidarity), appeared just when I was so well with Mary and daughters, recalled in a recent interview, Lech Kaczynski. Marta is very young and married Mary Kaczynski admitted several times that she was not satisfied with it. Mother&#39;s care &quot;after I realized how important family and that marriage is better not to procrastinate,&quot; said Mary Kaczynski in an interview three months ago.
 According to the will of the family and the President&#39;s Office, Lech Kaczynski and Maria will be buried together on Sunday, a day after the official funeral ceremony with all the 96 victims. Although the burial place is not yet known, it is speculated that this might be a Warsaw cemetery Powaski, the sanctuary of God&#39;s providence, the St. Jan Baptist or a basilica in the royal palace of Wawel in Krakow. Wawel the sarcophagi of almost all Polish kings. Confirmation of the possible burial of Wawel waiting for the Cardinal Stanislaw Dziwisz, archbishop krakovskog.
 