As a New Yorker who lives in Los Angeles, and after I stood at the site of World Trade Center, where I was on the plate with the names of victims read the names of some friends, the dispute over what is called a &quot;mosque on Ground Zero&quot; I followed with some interest. And, as in most debates, the whole thing very quickly reduced to the simplest arguments for and against. For the camp followers, it is a matter of religious freedom, a way to show how we, as Americans, raised above the primary reaction dijaboliziraju Islam, referring to the 11th September and extremism worldwide. Let&#39;s show the world what it means to be an American, celebrating religious freedom. This is New York. We celebrate diversity. We are different. Opponents argue that they are less theoretical and more emotional. It is a slap in the face to all New Yorkers, all Americans, all people - especially those who have suffered personal loss 11th September.
 But the more I listen to these arguments, states that one is not at all. This is not about allowing, but about faith. It&#39;s not about how to decide whether or not to allow an association to build a mosque and cultural center near Ground Zero, but about why it wants to do so. Even if we project the authors attributed the worst of intentions - wanting to offend those who are hurt - that would be an insult to close so many suffered so much suffering? They are so terrible that in comparison with them every insult pale. Would be to invest a huge effort in a symbolic gesture rather senseless. But let&#39;s say, the arguments causa, the authors of the project have the best intentions. Opportunity to show the true face of Islam and erase stains that were left fools dark souls who were foolish enough to believe that committing mass murder carried out the will of some higher force.
 If the intention behind it to remind us that we should not evaluate Islam through terrorism, to show that they share a common religious tradition and to cross cultural barriers, then why do the only thing that could further hurt the American heart? It is intellectually dishonest to think that the project will not cause a strong, organic reactions. Announcement of plans to build a mosque only a few blocks from the site not only increases the pain of those who have suffered loss on that day and continue to suffer, but allows any politician, not to mention every idiot in America who has an address on Twitter, that starts campaign dijabolizacije Islam and collect points in an election year (partial elections for Congress will be held in November). This is a sure way to not achieve the goal. And, to be more cynical, if the goal was to improve the image, the operation failed. If we accept the principle that compassion is the foundation of all religious traditions, and if the intent of this project, at least in part, to give hand to the victims, to be shown sympathy, well, then - this is what it shows.
 If the people behind the project concerned to demonstrate the true nature of Islam, why do buildings? Although I left New York twenty years ago, although it returns only once a year, another site certainly is not what New York needed. City buildings abound. Instead natrpava architectural landscape, if the goal is to vidaju early, why not take those 100 million dollars and really help? Make a fund for families of victims. For police officers. For firefighters. Emergency room. Lifeguard. (Especially those that are at least the Republicans in Congress did not seem that they need to keep medical insurance.) Use the money to vidate wounds that may never heal. Help to rebuild the lives of people whose existence nine years ago halted as zgaženog clock. Give money to schools. Help the sick. Give support to families that are barely alive. Forget for a moment of symbolic gesture, on behalf of specific help.
 In some ways, it&#39;s not so much a matter of religious freedom as much common sense. You will not teach Americans to Islam by building mosques and cultural centers. Especially not at that point. You could teach them what Islam is through actions that would be proof of love, compassion, desire to heal the wounds. In this way, you could find one days of American partners who help you to build a mosque and Islamic center in the city - and this building would then be an authentic monument of our mutual understanding and our mutual izlječenju.Huffingtonpost.com
 