I must have misunderstood everything. I thought the first duty of government to protect its citizens from attack while they go about their lawful business. &quot;There is no more important priority, there is no duty more important than the safety of citizens ...&quot; Is not it said our former prime minister Gordon Brown? According to my understanding, it means the protection of any British subjects, which sails peacefully and legally open waters of the armed killers. Israelis advertise their threats. The Government was sufficiently warned, and where then was the Royal Navy? Photo: PAVjerojatno the zafrkavali the Gulf protecting foreigners who would prefer to be left alone. Or are natjeravali pirates along the coast of Somalia. Or are the Caribbean showing the flag. Brown has also promised that the Royal Navy disrupt arms smuggling into Gaza, so if it was suspected that the flotilla carrying a weapon, one would think that they will be looking forward to Jack Tar will find handy.
 It seems that our boats were simply too busy with their tasks where such protecting Iraqis or Afghans to bother defending its citizens from being killed or kidnapped on their way through the Mediterranean into a noble humanitarian mission. Thus, the new Prime Minister David Cameron dropped the first test. His Foreign Secretary William Hague told the House of Commons that he stressed the need for restraint &quot;since it seems that their actions are Prime Minister David Cameron reminded the lawmakers in Parliament that he considers a&quot; friend of Israel. &quot;Why, for heaven&#39;s sake, they and so many other rising racist, invalid state? Why are friends of Israel, not Palestine, Lebanon, Syria or Iran? Why support the Israeli government, proven terrorists, but they are full of hatred towards democratically elected government of Gaza? gone beyond what is warranted or proportionally. We know that you could have done more to minimize the risks, or the number of wounded and fallen less. &quot; Does this mean that the attack was wrong there was less blood on the deck? He also wanted Israel to respect UN resolution 1860th, which calls for &quot;continuous delivery of humanitarian aid&quot; and calls upon States to &quot;mitigate the humanitarian and economic situation.&quot;
 The fact that this did not happen, he said, was &quot;a tragedy&quot;. More than a tragedy, it is a neglect of duty by Britain and the rest of the international community. Their cowardice and moral bankruptcy has enabled Israel to violate a number of other UN resolutions. &quot;So we will continue to pressure the Israeli government to cease its blockade of Gaza,&quot; said Hague, &quot;and planned talks with Israel as well as our international partners about what else could be done to ensure the unfettered flow of aid and assistance to those truly reaches those who need it most, and not to be abused. &quot; Step back ... There is only one way to &quot;alleviate&quot; the situation, and that is to deliver the world&#39;s marine stocks on the Gaza beach. Sir Gerald Kaufman, openly Jewish member of parliament, said that any of the 37 British nationals have been killed when the Israelis were &quot;committing a war crime of piracy on the high seas, kidnapping and murder, all in order to maintain the illegal blockade of Gaza, which can be call it collective punishment ... &quot; Kaufman was asked Haguea confirm that they will be taking further action if Israel does not meet even a modest request that they sent.
 Photo: Washington became Hague stepped down, saying: &quot;We advise British nationals, now and in the future, not to travel to Gaza, I want to be absolutely clear, because it would be engaged in a dangerous situation, even though the maintenance of the blockade is absolutely wrong.&quot; Recommending that we do not travel, now and in the future, and failure to do anything to cut off illegal blockade, he ustrtario and gave Israel the victory worth admiration. Of course they do not want witnesses who wander in the place of their high crimes. Jeremy Corbyn asked, is it not time for sanctions as a revocation of the trade agreement between EU and Israel. Hague said he did not think it was right to impose sanctions policy. And so, everything goes without consequence. Frank Dobson has suggested that Britain and other European NATO members provide naval protection if it has a flotilla put out a strip, with the Royal Navy in the traditional role of protector of freedom of the seas.
 Hague is also rejected. Does this mean that we, after all that happened, let Rachel Corrie to her fate? He was late with the connector main flotilla, moving alone to Gaza and will soon enter the zone of Israeli deaths. Hague is a &quot;friend of Israel&quot; of the school day. Prime Minister David Cameron reminded the lawmakers in Parliament that he considers a &quot;friend of Israel&quot;. Why on earth are so many other rising racist, invalid state? Why are friends of Israel, not Palestine, Lebanon, Syria or Iran? Why support the Israeli government, proven terrorists, but are full of hatred for the democratically elected government of Gaza? Would such people should have a say on the levers of power in Britain? In this new era of politics freed from ljigavosti owe us an explanation. What brings us to the fact that very few people reviewed the Israeli blockade and its legality. I heard the Israeli soldiers as saying that the solution is to allow humanitarian supplies by road through the Israeli checkpoint while simultaneously maintaining naval blockade, and that the U.S. would probably agree to it.
 As for everything else that is Israel, and America supports, must be seen hidden goal. Why is a belligerent gang all set up the blockade? One reason sea gas deposits that lie 25-30 km off the coast of Gaza. It is estimated to contain one trillion cubic feet of gas worth four billion U.S. dollars revenue. The site would have lasted 15 years, and Israel wants it, so no one mentions. In 2005, during Israel&#39;s &quot;liberation&quot; of Gaza, the Palestinians have decided to withdraw from selling gas to Israel and to negotiate with Egypt. The position changed again when Tony Blair, a faithful watchdog of Israel and the Quartet&#39;s special envoy, personally intervened in favor of Israel. Plan that are cooked to the gas supply from marine deposits on the continental terminal in Ashkelon in Israel. A separate pipe leading to the terminal in Gaza, while Israel has provided assurances of neometanoj supply and uninterrupted flow of profits Palestinians.
 Photo: HRWKako funny. It is the same Israel who starved Gaza to submission, scaring them into their house arrest, and destroying their economy ... The same Israel that continues to kill and to close any one wants to steal whatever you want ... The same Israel that has no respect for international law or human rights ... The same Israel that blocks the flow of Palestinian tax and customs revenues, humanitarian aid and hospital supplies ... The same Israel that Palestine will not recognize or her right to democratic self-determination. Nobody in the Middle East does not believe that the Israeli warranty of any paper on which were printed. Especially in this case when it comes to Palestine right to possess and control the gas reserves. Their plan seems to seize the Palestinian valuable energy resources like they have already stolen Palestinian water. Israel would get hold the gas while the Palestinians remained in bankruptcy, and prevented them from using their part.
 Alternatively, the challenge will be endless &quot;security&quot; raids in his style, and block the gas pipes whenever they decide as a collective punishment. If the gas from the Gaza deliver to the bank in Israel, the Palestinians will have the benefit of it in terms of business contracts and employment? Would you ever primirisali own gas? Indeed, would the Palestinians in general should think about selling their gas for energy is always greedy people of Israel? After 62 years of occupation and destruction, does not every cubic feet required for the recovery of their own economies? It will be a long process that will last a lot longer than 15 years. Gaza itself should directly reap all the supplies from the West Bank. I might have something to send to Israel if the pipes behave courteously. Unfortunately, the Interim Agreement signed in 1995th year enabled the Israelis to the intricate set of network security zones in the territorial waters Gazin leaving Israel controls that dictate what happens at sea, and who comes and goes.
 This is an agreement that no Palestinian would not be signed unless in extreme difficulties. The agreement allowed fishing boats from Gaza to go 20 nautical miles from shore, but after Israel&#39;s so-called &quot;liberation&quot; and the capture of Captain Shalit, Israel has unilaterally reduced the fishing area for three miles. Given that the &quot;temporary&quot; restrictions should not last longer since 1999. year. But they are still in force. Why? Smells rotten not just gas. Urgent task for the international community. Must unravel the naval blockade and return to Palestine, free and unrestrained use of its territorial waters. As regards land blockade, if the &quot;wrong&quot; as Hague said, and illegal as all other believers, then it was wrong and illegal last four years. It is not enough to say that it must stop. It must act to stop it. Hague was not helpful to the opposition. Now in power, but the bad started.
 Message him and his colleagues that the draft EU dinners: Stop cackle and do something ... now! Stuart Littlewood is author of the book Radio Free Palestine, &quot;which tells about the situation of Palestinians under occupation. For more information visit www.radiofreepalestine.co.uk. This article was originally published on PalestineChronicle.com.
 