- The order came away boundaries, Alaska ... How bad idea. Well, as I previously had been resting on a boring Hawaii, surrounded by hordes blaziranih Amera, I wanted a nature scene with no plastic, it helps me a little eye and the mind clears up, which is some kind of justification for this stupid decision. Insomnia and Sarah Palin I have outlined three goals: to find the original location of the series &quot;Northern Exposure&quot; to find the original location of the film &quot;Insomnia&quot; and find shelter in which resides Sarah Palin. I talk to her, try to understand the noise in her head. I landed in Anchorage dressed in a Hawaiian shirt, shirt, shorts and loafers. I went from the airport building and froze up within two seconds. I turned on the heel and slip away back into the warm lobby. I pulled out of the bag jeans, Stark and some sort of fleece shirt, which I took for God forbid. I activated it, merged the airport wireless priupitao Uncle Google and the way things are.
 Things are bad, I&#39;m a complete idiot. To shoot sequel to &quot;Dumb and Dumber&quot;, I would be inserted as the third, superlative najglupljeg. Uncle Google says that in Alaska winters are incredibly cold (cold), and summers are cool (cool). Says Uncle invisible here is a measured minus sixty degrees, and plus forty one summer ... I do not know ... just that no preliminary glanced icon on the screen of Nokia and realize that the temperature is at a standstill around zero. In the next hour I did a complete homework, by the wise travelers are usually doing home before traveling, but not to me, from the Institute, we do everything spontaneously, without preliminary. And there you now ... Here I am in the middle of eternal ice and snow, amidst glaciers, breasts winter, with great danger to me the way into town wrapped snowdrift or popapa polar bear. A middle of August ... we learn from Uncle Google to &quot;Northern Exposure&quot; was filmed in Seatleu, Complete Pre-and post-production.
 &quot;Insomnia&quot; was filmed in Canada ... So you would not be Al Pacino in this dovlačili vukoježinu, old fox knows where not to go. The first candidate for vice president in the history of the Republican Party, a woman named Sarah Palin, like our recently I withdrew from the public and political life, not zucnula for that kid right now in the prime of his life. And she is so tupavi that would really be fun to ask is what it looks like Russia from her window, but it would be irrelevant, as if talking with Budisa, with members of the Central Committee&#39;s plenum in 1956. What there is, sit in a taxi and drove up to Anchorage. I walk around town and looking back on all sides. Government wasteland, and I hope that it will somehow derail Dr. Joel Fleischman, or, better still, Maggie O&#39;Connell. But gosh, I saw only the room. And on the facade. Only hikers with rucksacks How is approaching noon, so are the street people first began to appear. A little of locals and a little more tourists, mostly Americans, in uniform, as well as in Hawaii.
 In Alaska, polar bear jacket for cold gojzerice and hiking backpacks. As in Nepal or Chile, or any place surrounded by mountains, there&#39;s a hiking, mountaineering culture. I experienced a similar incident several years ago in Patagonia, southern Chile, when I wandered into the national park Torres del Paine. All were in zabundani polar jackets, and I&#39;m jumping between them in tennis shoes and jeans, like prasca in Tehran. Already in love with steel and concrete, then I promised myself that I will not repeat similar exhibitions, but here I go again here, in Alaska, totally unfit, body and soul. Activate the phone and explore the option of typing - interesting site. Device has proposed a variety of obscure options, until finally, I bumped into a decent agency for travelers. These gatherings are good people among the van and drove hundreds of miles to the south, to the Port of Whittier.
 It is about a former naval base, which is in the Second World War served as a secret base for the allied fleet. The place is so remote that it probably never even allies could not be found, when a sail on the sea. Then I took a boat and the water around to show me the glaciers. They told me that the three most famous glaciers Tidewater, Piedmont and Alpine. Originally, the tour is called &quot;Whale Watching&quot;. In one snap away at sea, a distance of perhaps one million kilometers, some black spots emerged. I rushed out on deck, took out the phone and tried to photograph the thing. But after five seconds, they froze my fingers. I barely came back in steerage. When I returned to Anchorage, I was warmed by the fireplace in a bar. We learn that the Americans did 150 years ago bought this piece of ice from the Russians for $ 7,000,000, that the soil is rich in gold and oil and that a third of the territory lies in the arctic circle.
 In the end I was getting tired of expensive, so I could sprawl on the back seat taxi and told the man that drove me to the airport. The city was still eerily empty. Here I am in the airport building, waiting for boarding and bitch these lines. One clever and talented writer, wrote that no man has so much time to be twice returned to the place where it was nice. I&#39;m not really a smart and talented writer, but I know that I will not go back to Alaska. At least not until ten o&#39;clock at night. Alaska travelogue
 