Afghan President Hamid Karzai told the participants of the international conference in London that he was the reintegration of some Taliban elements in Afghan society requires regional cooperation. Delegates supported the idea, but analysts say that such a plan difficult to get support in the region. Afghanistan&#39;s reaction to the recent international conference on the situation in the country is cautious optimism, which is no surprise after eight years of heavy fighting in Afghanistan. Professor of Law and Political Science Wadir Safi of Kabul University said he does not expect the conference to solve the problems of Afghanistan, but it could be a catalyst for the establishment of peace. &quot;The London conference could open the door to those Taliban who are fighting to embrace peace and it would be a great success.&quot; Countries participating in the conference have pledged more than 140 million U.S. dollars to a fund for the reintegration of the Taliban who lay down their weapons.
 Abdul Hakeem Mujahid was a United Nations envoy for the Taliban government in Afghanistan. He believes that this cash offer will give the desired result. &quot;Unfortunately, this is not the language of reconciliation, it is not the language of reintegration.&quot; But Mujahid said that the invitation of President Karzai Saudi Arabia and Pakistan to help the peace process is a smart move. &quot;If there is trust and transparency in the countries in the region and neighboring countries, I believe that any reconciliation would be impossible.&quot; Professor of international relations Ishiaq Ahmad from the University Quaid-i-Azam in Islamabad says that Pakistan is key to any kind of peace talks in Afghanistan. &quot;All of these open questions of history, ethnic groups, religion and geography make Pakistan Mr. Ahmad said that not only is Pakistan one of the few countries that officially recognize the past, the Taliban government in Afghanistan, but also share a concern for the Pashtuns living in both countries .
 &quot;The Taliban are mostly Pashtuns from the ranks, and the Pashtuns have on both sides of the border. It is only natural that Pakistan has some kind of impact on this group of Taliban.&quot; Ahmad also said that the Pakistani government has an experience of peace talks with Taliban militants within its borders. &quot;Pakistan has reached agreements with some of the Taliban groups, those who were allegedly active in the rebellion in Afghanistan.&quot; Washington pressed Islamabad to attack Taliban sanctuaries elements that are hiding inside Pakistan. But the Pakistani government that it opposes, the assertion that the dialogue with militants the best route to peace in Afghanistan.
 