READY FOR A NEW WAR photograph shows a father murdered the son of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, an important leader of Palestinian Hamas, and the key man for the arming of the radical Palestinian organizacijeUjutro 20th January valet luxury hotel Al Bustan Rotana in Dubai, entered the room number 130 that the guest&#39;s order and found that a dead, bloody, lying on the floor. The police immediately concluded murder: man is smothered with a pillow that was covered in blood lay beside the corpse. On the dead body was seen a few minor injuries, blood dripped from his nose, the teeth were damaged and the skin was still a few defects. An autopsy showed that the man before he was killed, was tortured with electric, and his skin was burned behind the ears, the genitals and in some other places. There were many indications that this is more a killer. He was killed Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, 50-year-old senior official of radical Palestinian organization Hamas, a significant leader and powerful terrorist group, one of the founding of its military wing.
 He was born in Gaza, as a young man joined the Palestinian struggle against Israel, while he was in an Israeli jail, and 1989th participated in the abduction and murder of two Israeli soldiers on leave. Then the Israeli police, fled to Syria and for years the family lived in Damascus. Although he kept discreetly in public and little was known, the Israeli intelligence services have identified him as a key man for the arming of Hamas, the Iranian arms smuggling into Gaza and Hamas planning military action against Israel. It was claimed that Israel had repeatedly tried to kill Mabhouh, the last time three months ago. The Israeli secret service Mossad killed there in recent decades a significant number of leading Palestinian operatives and officials, and officials of the Lebanese Shiite organization Hezbollah in various foreign countries, and in this context since the first time many were convinced that Mabhouh been the victim of Mossad, the more it is its liquidation was very sophisticated, such as Mossad.
 Mabhouh the plane arrived in Dubai from 19th Damascus January morning. Taxi drove to the hotel, chose a room that had no balcony, whose windows were not made to open, and, placing things, left the hotel and did not return until the evening. He ate out. The hotel has returned about 21 hours, which subsequently happened could be reconstructed solely on the basis of traces found in the room because there were no witnesses. It seems that the murderer met him in front of the room, beat him in the hallway and crept into his room, where he began to bother asking him information. They gave him some drugs. How long it lasted, it is not known. Mabhouh at 21.30 on his mobile rang his wife, but did not javio.Istražitelji think that was already dead. He quickly discovered that the murder was committed by a group of people who are not Arabs, they arrived in Dubai a day before Mabhouh station and left him in the night after the murder, before he discovered the dead body.
 At first it was not clear whether Mabhouh traveled to Dubai with his original passport or one of the four false passports, which he owned. Opened up the question of why he was traveling alone, without guards who accompanied him otherwise. Apparently the plane was no vacancy, a Mabhouh often traveled to Dubai, and there he felt safe. It was necessary to investigate whether it is on a journey accompanied by someone. After being notified of his death his family, Hamas announced that the Dubai Mabhouh died - of a heart attack. But in the following releases Hamas claimed that the victim Mabhouh Mossad assassin and that he would retaliate, and warned that Israel is killing Mabhouh in Dubai has changed the character of the struggle between Hamas and Israel. According to Hamas, he never attacked Israeli targets in a foreign country, but led the fight against Israel only in the territory of Palestine. With this act, said Hamas, Israel has forced Hamas that he thinks about to start hitting at Israeli targets abroad.
 Police in Dubai has launched a comprehensive investigation and the next few weeks come to the important and interesting information, all of which indicate that it is a Mossad operation. How much is now known, in an operation involving 17 people, of which 11 were identified to some extent, while the other six did not know anything. They had British, Irish and German passports. Among them were at least two women. Printed photographs of partially identified 11, and those which were printed on their passports, but it is now clear that all the passports were false. It was found that the names and other data from your passport matches the actual British and German nationals, who live or have lived in Israel, and these data were available to Israeli authorities. Based on the data made fake passports, inserted them into actual images, and agents used for the operation. On the face of the slain can see the traces of torture elektrošokovimaPolicija in Dubai has reviewed a number of security camera footage, which showed that the members of the group deftly moved away, they are always masked a variety of wigs, fake mustache, sunglasses and a wide range of hats.
 It is obvious that this operation was sophisticated and experienced Secret Service, and the Israeli secret service Mossad is precisely that. The general opinion is that Israel - with regard to its size - has the best intelligence community in the world. It consists of two major intelligence agencies, some small, specialized services and ad hoc groups for specific tasks. She is best known Mossad LeAliyah Bet (Office of Intelligence and secret operations), dates from the time when Israel did not exist as a state. They formed in 1940. Jewish fighters for an independent Israel and called Shai. Established as an intelligence department of the Jewish military organization Haganah. The group is converted into the right intelligence 1949th when Israel became a state and when they lifted the unofficial militant groups like the Irgun terrorist organization. For the first Mossad chief Isser Harel was appointed, an excellent organizer and intelligence specialist, and the Mossad from the very beginning very effectively carry out its tasks.
 At first his activity was directed primarily against the neighboring Arab states and their potential actions against Israel, but that work quickly spread because Israel realized that it has become to the intelligence and subversive activities, and other forces, primarily the USSR. Expanding its activities in the Mossad for more than six decades, has become one of the world&#39;s most powerful intelligence services, focused primarily on revealing the secrets of the Arab states, which makes it very skillfully, so it really helped Israeli security. But the Arab Secret Service is also very active, and Israel has developed a strong counterintelligence. It&#39;s Shin Beth (security and counterintelligence service), which suppresses the activity of hostile intelligence services against Israel, and collects military intelligence. Since Israel was actually in a permanent war with radical Arab organizations such as Hamas and Hezbollah, in a bad relationship with some of his neighbors, because it is permanently a target of international terrorism, and since the last years of tumult and Palestinian residents of occupied territories, actions Mossad Shin Beth, and other Israeli intelligence services is a highly integrated, so he also turned against external threats and internal troubles which he sees as the common enemy.
 As part of that war, the Israeli secret services are very active abroad, even in these foreign operations had much success. For eight years headed the Mossad, General Meir Dagan, an unusually long time, because usually the heads of Mossad remain in this position four years, a mandate to them - if they are successful or in progress of some sensitive operations - possibly extend for another year. Dagan is the head of Mossad since 2002. when he was appointed to that position by then Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, a former general, who is well acquainted with military personnel and knew his qualities. After that, he four times the Israeli prime minister produljivali mandate. Dagan in 1945. Born into a Jewish family in the Soviet Union, she in 1950. emigrated to Israel, and Dagan was very young he entered the elite Parachute Unit of the Israeli army and with 22 years already 1967th participated in his first war, fought in the Six Day War against Egyptian forces in Sinai and then against the Syrian Golan.
 He has participated in other Israeli wars, 1982. in Lebanon, but he was the commander Armoured Brigade. In subsequent years he served in special units of the Israeli army in 1995. from combat units crossed into the secrets of the operational group for the fight against terrorism. For a time, operated by Israel&#39;s leading agency in the fight against terrorism. Poster killed Mabhouh and relatives and friends at his home in the northern part GazePoznat as a very determined and tough, which many people do not like it when he became head of Mossad, and then a significant group of agency operatives left unsatisfied with his sudden style. Transforming the way and focus action Mossad, devoting more attention subversive, rather than intelligence operations. The number of actions aimed at liquidation of the leading men of Hamas and Hezbollah. Some are in it because the government praised, others felt that the neglect of the intelligence components of Israel may be dangerous.
 And now in the Israeli media has not discussed whether Dagan wrongly directed the Mossad. His supporters believe that the intelligence component or at least not ignored, since no operations in Dubai would not be possible that the Mossad intelligence branch has not done their part. This case proves that Dagan had no information from the top of Hamas, because he knew when he would be Mabhouh found in Dubai. And I doubt that Hamas is on the top of his must have its agents or informers, and the three major members of Hamas were arrested in recent days. And some of the operations that the Israeli army has recently carried out were based on well-Mossad activities abroad, such as the recent bombing sites in Syria where he began construction of a secret Syrian nuclear facility. Dagana praise and western intelligence agencies cooperating with the Mossad, and argue that, since he is on his forehead, the service much more active in the overall exchange of information and locating the terrorist and other threats.
 The case of Dubai, it seems, neither his reputation nor substantially harm the reputation of the Mossad, even though it is what happened to the secret services do not like: revealed is how the operation is performed. On the contrary, the Israeli public that reputation is even better, and leading Western countries has admittedly some public shock over the murder he had committed the Mossad, but - just public.
 