&quot;Joint criminal enterprise&quot; Photo: The illustration of the Hague began the final act of a play, a political trial that has to do with the law and convicted slanderer Matija Babic with reporters, prosecutors and defense of General Gotovina, Cermak and Markac amounts to closing arguments, prosecutor, named for a bloodthirsty beast (Alan Tieger - &quot;TIGER&quot;), is entitled to six hours of closing arguments, however, while the defense of Croatian generals for a total of 7 and a half hours, individually, each 2 ½ hours. Regardless of the verdict, whatever it may be, can not and will not change the facts of the Homeland War, nor the fact that the Croatian generals innocent imbecilni judge (the same kind of prosecution), which ruled from Ovčara bandits and notorious Vukovar Three , Sljivancanin, Mrksic, Radic, as the infamous &quot;punishment&quot; have no credibility to judge the Croatian generals, they would no longer be able to participate in any judicial process for the traffic violation.
 Nuremberg was a form that is supposed to be a guideline in the case of events in former Yugoslavia, then Nuremberg and the trial in this city, once a powerful Nazi stronghold, the pattern is to be judged and how should sudti all those who initiate wars of conquest and organized, intentional consists of massive crimes. Haag, unfortunately, not Nuremberg and was supposed to be in the German city of the Nazi regime were tried, therefore, are not criminals are processed in the ranks of the Allies, as President Truman, who is the villain for throwing the atomic bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, cities that are not military objectives bil Moreover, prioje insane criminal attack these towns were not attacked ordinary, conventional bombs. Criminal action, or Manhattan Project, which is the greatest possible secrecy involved the U.S. government and military leadership, including Trumanovog predecessor, aiming to kill civilians, was a blatant example of criminal enterprise.
 Despite all that in them is not a Nuremberg trial, was not tried nor Stalin (although it is completely inappropriate najkvećeg World criminals placed in the same context with Truman and Churchill), not the villains tried for an attack on Dresden, the city where the Nazis gortovo that there was no Therefore, these criminals are not prosecuted, fully justified, since the war are solely responsible for the Nazis, fascists, click that before the war itself has set a goal to kill as many civilians as possible and people that are considered a lower class. So, criminals who are guilty of Dresden should have been tried in a separate trial, as well as villains responsible for Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Do not talk about the camps for the Japanese after the Japanese aggression of the U.S. empire, let us remember, all these zatočenci in American detention camps for American citizens who are originally from Japan had nothing to do with the aggression of Japan at Pearl Harbor.
 In posljednjeim wars in this region, Serbia was the equivalent of Nazi Germany, and Milosevic was the Balkan Gitler, therefore, the leader of the &quot;Croatian joint criminal enterprise&quot;, the late President Tudjman was Winston Churchill. Why do you speak? To understand the absurdity of the trial of Croatian generals on trial, among other things, because they are &quot;excessively shelled Knin&quot;, which is absurd, especially when you look at what happened in Vukovar, but earlier in Stalingrad, Dresden, Warsaw and has spomernutim Japanese cities If the Croatian generals guilty of excessive shelling and if they therefore must be condemned even for a day in prison, then the Truman and Churchill deserve to be posthumously hanged on the highest tree in Washington or London, not to mention the savage destruction of Baghdad when Americans are smart bombs umlatili large number of innocent civilians and they did not find weapons of mass destruction, but because they find it in there and they came from, oil.
 