By adopting a final document which mentions only general guidelines for combating the financial crisis, leaders of the most industrially developed countries and fast growing economies ended a two-day G20 summit in Seoul. In this document, which has long debated how to make him agree to all the participants, because of Chinese opposition no word on undervalued currencies. As they were unable to agree on important issues, leaders of the G20 have agreed that during the next year to try to solve the problems associated with exchange rate policy and trade imbalance, according to The Financial Times (FT). In other words, there was no progress in talks on a &quot;currency war&quot; summit participants agreed on some unspecified &quot;indicative guidelines&quot; to improve the global economy. However, shortly after he issued an official statement, none of the participants of the summit could not explain How will these guidelines, the countries with irreconcilable differences, assist in finding a &quot;common language&quot;.
 South Korea failed to mediate the agreement between the U.S. and China, but the U.S., UK and Canada insisted on a new text of press releases in order to avoid expensive failures. &quot;What we do not always able to immediately change the world, but step by step, we create a stronger international mechanisms and institutions to help stabilize the economy and ensure economic growth,&quot; said U.S. President Barack Obama. British Prime Minister David Cameron said the &quot;tension&quot; and &quot;pressure&quot; over currency and trade imbalances &quot;could never be solved in one day,&quot; but added that the gathering of G20 is still worthwhile. The leaders agreed to move towards a system of exchange rates which was more market oriented. FT said that all countries, including China, argue that their existing policy and exchange rate regimes are harmonized with those requirements. Otherwise, the G20 has also approved an agreement that gives emerging economies more power in the management of the IMF and the Basel II standards on bank capital and liquidity.
 The leaders reiterated that next year will be &quot;available&quot; for the completion of multilateral trade negotiations in Doha, and instructed the negotiators in Geneva to engage in negotiations. Regarding development, the G20 has adopted a &quot;Seoul agree on a common growth,&quot; with a focus on growth and mobilization of domestic savings for infrastructure construction. This will replace the previous agreement will be in Washington. However, the G20 is not able to offer the poorest countries access to their markets without tariffs and quotas, which are located in the first version of the document, because around that they could not agree, says FT.
 