Among these problems is the Poincaré conjecture, which is 1904. The set of the famous French mathematician Henry Poincaré (1854th-1912th). Many mathematicians tried to solve the famous mystery of the topology, and some have even announced a decision. During the subsequent analysis it is always noticed the error, reports the Morning Gazette. However, since Dr. Grigori Perelman 2002nd was placed on the internet solution to its famous problems, analysts have unsuccessfully tried to find the mistake. Finally, the Clay Institute announced that Perelman solved the Poincare conjecture, for which he was last week in Paris should be awarded one million dollars. However, Jim Carlson, director of the Institute Clay, told the Associated Press as he was last week said that Perelman refused the prize without giving a reason. But apparently Perelman agency Interfax said he refused the award because he believes that his contribution to solving the Poincaré conjecture is not greater than that of the American mathematician Richard Hamilton.
 Perlman&#39;s decision to refuse the award of one million dollars is not a surprise because he had already stated that it is not interested in either money or fame. After all, 2006. The refused to receive the Fields Medal, a kind of mathematical Nobel, which is awarded every four years. Grigory Perelman (44) in the public Matputin called because of its resemblance to the controversial Russian mystic Gregory Rasputin. Born into a family of Russian Jews in St. Petersburg, and since childhood has been reputed as a mathematical genius. He graduated and received his doctorate at the State University of St. Petersburg, is a scientifically usvršavao in the United States. For many years he worked at the Steklov Institute in St. Petersburg, which is part of the Russian Academy of Sciences. Four years ago, has given notice and is now jobless. He lives in a small apartment with his mother and sister Elena, also a mathematician. The public appears very rarely and in principle refuse contact with journalists. Clay Institute has not yet decided what to do with one million U.S. dollars intended for Perelman.
 - We have some ideas in mind, but we must carefully consider how the money would be invested for the benefit of Mathematics - Jim Carlson said. Danas.hr 02.07.2010.
 