After the terrorist attacks of &quot;11 September &quot;(2001). the Twins at New York&#39;s fourth on the island of Manhattan, where there is a Wall Street accelerated the dynamics of global economic and political crises and wars: attack on Afghanistan in October 2001. year war that has since insurgents (Taliban) leads in this Central Asian country, attack, invasion and occupation of the Arab Republic of Iraq in March 2003. (The Holy See was explicitly against the war, the West against Iraq) and war since then against the rebels led in Mesopotamia, that killed over 100 000 Iraqis and 4400 American soldiers (more than Americans killed in terrorist attacks &quot;11 September&quot; ), then the Russian attack on Georgia in August 2008. The politically motivated deadly assassination of Pakistan opposition leader Benazir Bhutto, who returned from the British expatriate community, the coup in Pakistan (succession of Democratic President Musharraf), and a coup 2010th
 Kyrgyzstan (caused by the Russian secret service) and unrest of the then prevailing in the country and the Central Asian former Soviet republic (peace envoy to the Russian request was in Kyrgyzstan, a former president of Croatia, President), then, the crisis over Iran&#39;s nuclear program and unrest in the Islamic Republic of Iran (caused by western secret services on the occasion of counterfeiting elections in the Islamic Republic of Iran) and the imminent onset of the West (NATO) on Iran, Middle Eastern Palestinian-Israeli crisis, as well as the global financial crisis in 2008. year, caused by the Anglo-American owners of big business (banks), which provoked a crisis in the United States and Europskj Union, the terrorist attacks in Madrid 2003rd and London 2005th as elsewhere in the world (Bali, Kenya, Yemen, etc.) In the war in Afghanistan against the Taliban in the Hindu Kush, and Croatian troops involved, it seems to become a tradition that Croatian soldiers killed in world battlefields of World War I when the interests of a foreign empire ( Austro-Hungarian Empire) killed 70 000 Croatian soldiers, through the Second World War and participation oružaih Home Guard
 on the Eastern Front, in Stalingrad and elsewhere killed 10 000 Croatian soldiers. Fortunately, so far in Afghanistan is killed or a member of the Military Police of the Croatian army, but the question of whose interest the President of the Republic of Croatia and the Croatian Army Council sent to Afghanistan? The official explanation from the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO), the U.S. government and Pantovcak and Trg Sv. Mark that the Croatian officers and soldiers deployed in Afghanistan to establish democracy in that country which has no democratic tradition of Western-type than on the principle of tribal assembly leaders. How democracy works in Afghanistan was seen when they are in favor of the previous President Karzai falsified elections, and that counterfeiting has blessed the West, while hypocritically reproached the Iranian government that the falsified elections in his country, and the financial, media and the intelligence supporting the opposition revolucionarnome mullah regime in Tehran.
 Democracy in Afghanistan is reflected so that Afghan women have fewer rights than a camel, and pedophilia is an integral part of tribal society, and to all the Western military presence there, which is supposed to establish and protect democracy, like in Iraq, with Iraq has the world&#39;s oil reserves, unlike Afghanistan, but that&#39;s not the point than the fact that Afghanistan is the central point strataška New Silk Road that built the United States, which leads to neighboring countries, including Iran and other neighboring countries, Oil and gas rich former Soviet republics, now independent states of Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan, so that Afghanistan is a springboard to these neighboring countries. Geo-strategic importance of Afghanistan have found in the 19th century British lords, but they had the armed popular resistance to British occupation army to withdraw bent tail, and later the Soviets (velikoruski communists) after the historic defeat of the Red Army&#39;s 1988th
 had to raise anchor in Kabul and the country to let the other &quot;brave&quot; the world powers that soldiers sacrifice their lives for private profit. One would think that the Western military presence in Afghanistan could at least serve to combat the world&#39;s largest production of opium, heroin derivatives, and thus suppress the illegal trade in illegal narcotics (drugs) in Europe, but on the contrary, the German Bundeswehr general and commander of the NATO- forces in Afghanistan said that NATO has no mandate to combat drug production and trafficking, although their poppy fields in front of the nose, and then reap profits from the Taliban, so that is partly financed by the illegal drug trade, with poppy fields used for destabilization of Communist China and the Russian Federation where he goes a good part of Afghan drugs. Every day in the western cities of the children and adults are addicted to mass die of drugs coming from Afghanistan.
 However, the owners of the Anglo-American oil companies do not care, because the matter is something else entirely, and that is profit expressed in money, in U.S. dollars. Anglo-American oil companies through wholesale earn so much damage in 2010. caused the explosion of oil-drilling platforms in the Gulf off the coast Mexická federal states of Louisiana, when it came to the biggest oil disaster odnsno largest in the history of environmental pollution, caused damage amounting to over U.S. $ 30 billion for a British oil company BP about the value of napkins is used when deleting table from spilled coffee. Future family of Croatian victims in Afghanistan will be able to whine and complain and make the President of the Republic of the Croatian Parliament, as well as oil companies like Shell (Royal Dutch Shell) and Exxon Mobile, owned by Rockefeller, because of the interests of Anglo-American oil companies and the water wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
 And protect private interests (apparently well-oiled) the U.S. government, headed by State Department and the British government, with its powerful secret service (Shell and BP are the British oil companies in private ownership and Industrialists Association of England and the British government and crown). The Rockefellers have long said publicly that interest them the United States not interested, rather, they said that they are the United States are not obliged to nothing. That would be true that they cheated and deceived the American government in the early 20th century, when through a hole in the law set up a fund through which the washed money and avoid paying high taxes from the production and sale of oil, meanwhile, have laundered money invested in banking and other industries, and most of the production facilities (factories, etc.) move from U.S. and UK overseas, mostly in Asia where labor is cheaper than in the United States and the European Union.
 David Rockefeller announced in the following book Memoirs: &quot;Some even believe we are part of the secret group that works against the best interests of the United States, characterizing my family and me as &#39;internationalists&#39; and with others in the world, we cooperate in the conspiracy in order to build a stronger global political and economic structure, if you will - one world. If this accusation, blame, and I&#39;m proud of it. &quot; Source: Croatian law of 23 online 4th 2010th article &quot;New Utopia&quot;. As for the Croatian angažamana in Afghanistan, Croatian forces were there at the time when Croatia is not a member of NATO, and Slovenia, which soon became a member of Croatian is not in Afghanistan, has sent its troops. It says a lot about the Croatian government, the president of the Croatian Parliament and the ease with which, without any preferential treatment from the West, sacrificing their own people that the same West accuses of war crimes and a criminal action in the Storm in 1995.
  because of the greed of the Anglo-American owners and managers of banks which had threatened to go bankrupt due to the issuance of worthless securities that is due to their recovery of taxpayers&#39; money has increased the already high debt of the United States and export to deficit (Communist) China, which purchased U.S. government debt states: &quot;... If you do not want our dollars and debt bills, you may want several atomic bombs ?...&quot; Source: The Washington Post of 13 7th 2007th If this is not the threat of war or nuclear holocaust, then nothing in the world is not a threat, let alone the threat of revolutionary Iran towards Jews and Israel. Why, after the fall of the Berlin Wall killed along the historic (trgovinskg) Silk Road, the Euro-Asian road which had once traveled to Marco Polo on his way to China? A serious answer to the question - why are killed along the Silk Road - has given geo-political strategist of the &quot;Davis Institute for International Studies from the fund,&quot; Heritage Foundation &quot;in the United States, Ariel Cohen, who is already in July the year 1997.
 published his article under the interesting title &quot;The New Silk Road&quot;. The answer to the question is: Because it increases the economic prosperity of the United States. It is necessary (by Ariel Cohen) to ensure adequate access to the Caucasus and Central-Asian oil and gas reserves, which now become, post-Soviet geo-strategic space, rich in resources, independent of natural resources, insecure (neuralgic), the Middle East. American politicians with reservations about the creation of a new Russian empire, and on Iran in the United States looks at the impact point of the revolutionary Islamic regime in the Central-Asian Muslim countries that could disrupt American plans. Goran Jurisic, Zagreb - continued
 