At the beginning of last week in Moscow was recorded temperature of 37.2 degrees, the heat record of all time in the capital of Russia (0.4 degrees higher than heretofore, 1920. Years). Meanwhile, in other European capitals temperature ranged from 18 degrees Celsius in Berlin and 25 in Warsaw. AFP PHOTO addition to the usual difficulties caused by the heat everywhere, especially in areas that are not accustomed to them, in Podmoskovlju erupted more than a thousand forest fires, as well as those on peatlands, and burn it in Tverskoj and Ivanovskoj region. Stench of arson has come to the center of Moscow, and air pollution levels increased by five to seven times. Pollution has already reached 300 micrograms of fine particles by kubičnome meter of air, but critical amount 500th Optimists say it will all soon be in order, but pessimists say that the trouble could take two or even two and a half months.
 In this atmosphere they are growing up stories about real causes of this incredible heat in the city and country who are known by all except for that. Najfantastičniju, according to &quot;the first Russian multiportalu&quot; KM.ru, gave the former military meteorologist Nikolai Karavajev. He argues that it is the application of the U.S. &quot;Climate weapons&quot; against Russia, which is prohibited by international conventions, but not if it is used to change the time for civilian purposes. It is alleged by the U.S. military and aviation analysts recently published a study titled &quot;Weather as a force multiplier,&quot; which describes the ability to influence weather conditions as a possible form of warfare. In conclusion, American experts suggest that the U.S. withdraw from the Convention on the Prohibition of Military environmental impact, because it will use the climate of weapons &quot;have the same impact on the world and the first atomic bombs.&quot; Karavajevljevi evidence that this is just the testing of U.S. weapons in Russia, the climate to the &quot;temptation to focus locally, such as giant cyclone, which catches the air from the Mediterranean and Central Asia over the European part of Russia,&quot; has never been, and what is in the area of the anomalous cyclone part of the Earth&#39;s atmosphere was reduced to its lowest level in 43 years of observation.
 Karavajev it adds a spectacular fourth proof: the world&#39;s media immediately prior to such heat released to the Americans in the universe send pilotless aircraft X-37B, capable of carrying the powerful laser weapon. Its mission is top secret in the universe will spend at least 270 days, and then will return to Earth. For comments on Awesomeness of his assumptions Karavajev responds that whenever the Americans come out with new powerful weapons, &quot;it is immediately applied against the&quot; other side &quot;to intimidate&quot;. Until now, these issues mainly engaged in film documentaries, and even the occasional Hollywood feature film with the label of science fiction. According to some, now it moves into the area of reality.
 