Citizens of Turkey adopted a comprehensive reform in a referendum of the Constitution. The referendum, which among other things, reduces the military&#39;s influence on politics, was held on the 30th anniversary of military coup, which has spawned the current constitution. About 58 percent of voters who on Sunday took to the rerefendum voted for the package, consisting of 26 amendments in the Constitution. They suggested the Islamic-conservative AKP party of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Constitutional reform to strengthen civil rights and the right to strike, and is predicted to more effective protection of personal data of citizens. At the same time the Turkish army is losing influence, and the generals who 1980th participated in a military coup in the future will be able to be brought before the court. It also reduced the powers of military courts. The new constitution, the Turkish parliament gets more impact on the election of judges of the Supreme Court, which was before the referendum was one of the slowest point. Prime Minister Erdogan after the publication of the results of the referendum said that the judicial reform strengthens the position of the country on njenon European and democratic way.
 Celebrating the victory of his party in a referendum, Erdogan reiterated the importance of the 12th September Namely, that date before 30 years, executed a military coup in the country: &quot;12 September was tainted by the Constitution, which was imposed by coup plotters. With this referendum, a new, democratic, saving time. Opens a new page of history of Turkey and clean the dirt from the Constitution. &quot;Prime Minister Erdogan to the outcome of the referendum a success. The campaign was conducted throughout Turkey, he promised that next year, and reforming other parts of the Constitution.&quot; Tomorrow we begin discussions with authorities and developing a plan for further reform of the Constitution, said Erdogan. &quot; The European Commission welcomed the outcome of the constitutional referendum in Turkey. &quot;The result of the referendum shows the will of the people for the implementation of reforms for more freedom and rights,&quot; said European Commissioner for Enlargement Stefan Füle. German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle stressed that the outcome of the referendum &quot;an important step on the path of Turkey to Europe.&quot;
 COMMENT victory of democracy with the sword dvosjeklim constitutional reform in Turkey European Union and the Berlin praised as &quot;a step in the right direction,&quot; or &quot;in the direction towards the European Union.&quot; Are they indeed? Strengthening civil rights against the state and limiting the military power that has since 1960. directly or indirectly, has intervened four times, and occasionally exclude democracy, for all the praise. So will, for example, military jurisdiction had become subject to civilian oversight. Nevertheless, opposition to cultivate some doubt. First of all about the independence of the Constitutional Court and other senior judicial instances. For the future they will be even more than ever under the influence of Erdogan&#39;s ruling AKP party. Thus the number of constitutional judges will be increased from 11 to 17, and in the Supreme Court will increase the number of members. Along with the great influence of Parliament in the election of judges in these bodies, the inevitable hand which shows the balance of power shifting to the side of the religious camp.
 This empowerment of the religious camp in the country reflects the fact the country&#39;s foreign policy. In recent years, Turkey is increasingly moving away from Israel as a strategic partner in the region, and more in this regard priklanjala Iran and other Islamic countries. And that means the orientation of Turkey to the Islamic values and away from kemalizma or secular state founded by the founder of modern Turkish Republic Mustafa Kemal Ataturk. With the latest constitutional reform threatens to further weaken laicism and strict separation of religion from the state. And any further Islamization of Turkey would have as its thorny path towards the European Union completely inhibited. For the EU you can not even wanted in your lap afford any Islamic member. Deutsche Welle AFP
 