TEL AVIV - In June 2006. The arrested Hamas of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, and since then he was in their custody. Hamas is ready to release Shalit, but only after Israel released 1000 on the freedom of Palestinians. Protest march to Jerusalem, Israeli activists want to force Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to withdraw from ... ... the fundamental principle that Israel still adheres: namely, that the government is doing everything possible to free their captured soldiers. It is a 23-yearly Gilad Shalit, who was already four years imprisoned in the Gaza Strip and whose release is still not in sight - regardless of the number of negotiation and international mediation initiatives. 25th June 2006. Izzedin al Quassam Brigade, armed wing of Hamas, which rules the Gaza Strip through a tunnel are inflammation in the border area between Israel and the Gaza Strip, attacked an Israeli tank, killed and wounded most of its crew, and robbed, then 19-year-old Shalit.
 In the meantime, Egypt, Germany and the International Red Cross tried to persuade Hamas to free the boys. On several occasions it seemed that the indirect negotiations bear fruit, but at the last moment any attempt is simply collapsed. The list of the &quot;terrorist thugs&quot; In return for the release of Shalit on freedom of Hamas demands Israel release more than 1,000 Palestinians from Israeli prisons. Among them are young women, but men were sentenced to years in prison - people that Israel considers &quot;terrorist bullies.&quot; The most famous name on the list was Marwan Barghouti, he is five times sentenced to life imprisonment. At the same time Barghoutija among Palestinians considered to be almost the only hope the man who could lead the Palestinian areas in the future. Bargoutijev example shows that Hamas is only interested in the release of his supporters, but it is an attempt of realization of political and propaganda success against rivals from the ranks of Fatah, which rules the West Bank.
 Fatah and Hamas are bitter rivals since Hamas took control of the Gaza Strip. Official Israel is unlikely to agree to the demands of Hamas, an organization that opposes egistenciji Israel as a state and therefore the organization does not want to make peace with Israel. The second argument is the fact that the release of &quot;terrorists&quot; threatening the national security of Israel. Nevertheless, Israel has in the past on several occasions gave up his principles and exchanged prisoners. In January 2004. freedom of a single Israeli businessman with dubious reputation and the return of bodies of dead Israeli soldiers in the country, &quot;paid&quot; by the release of 450 Palestinian prisoners and killed more than 50 Hezbollah fighters, according to Deutsche Welle. Israeli strategy in the case of Shalit in the case of Shalit Israel reacts differently: the army attacks the Gaza Strip even though these attacks threaten its security. Early 2009.
 then Prime Minister Olmert fought in the Gaza Strip. The conflict was then killed over 1,500 Palestinians, a detained Israeli soldier was not an obstacle to Israeli bombing. As proof that Shalit is still alive, Hamas and published photographs and video footage of detainees. In recent days, Shalit was reportedly followed with great interest and the FIFA World Cup. It is forbidden to contact the family, he can not see even a neutral &quot;third&quot; person, for example, members of the Red Cross. Geneva Convention indeed guarantee a right to visit detained persons, but is only valid for the state and not an organization like Hamas. Israel, which is particularly interesting in the case of Shalit, requires consistent adherence to the Convention - because that would automatically raise the reputation of Hamas. Gilad Shalit so in the meantime, Hamas is not just a prisoner, but a hostage to political and legal &quot;bock&quot; with the Israeli side. As things stand now, in due time on this issue will not change anything.
 Gilad Shalit will probably his 24th birthday in late August (28.8.) &quot;celebrate&quot; in captivity. (Vijesti.ba)
 