Let the Polish President Lech Kaczynski of Smolensk, where he was killed along with his wife, the whole entourage and crew (a total of 96 people), was not secured, writes the Polish newspaper &quot;Dziennik&quot;. Families of the fallen will have to pay because the state for any damages. The government, otherwise, immediately after the accident, decided to immediately pay families of the victims at 40 000 zlotys, or about 10 300 euros. - Unlike civilian flights, our flights do not provide. Besides the military, has the privilege and the border police - said Col. Wieslaw Grzegorzewski. Otherwise, so far identified 76 passengers and crew members. The investigation at the scene was completed, and are caught and taken away all traces of wings, bodies and belongings of passengers, as well as other items that may be important in the investigation. Polish prosecutor Andrzej Seremet confirmed that his office would in this case will be completely transparent and publish the entire conversation between the pilots themselves and controlled flight, including the final moments when they know that death awaits them.
 - For now, the only sure that the disaster occurred in severe atmospheric conditions and that the aircraft wing caught the trees and then collapsed. All the rest are unproven hypothesis - he said. However altimeters? Krszystof Krawcewicz, editor of the magazine dedicated to flight Skrzydlata Polska &quot;(Poland Winged) estimated that the aircraft altimeters cancel. &quot;The plane was flying too low and therefore it is necessary first to consider the hypothesis of faulty altimeter.&quot; The problem could be the aberrant regulation or adjustment - a mile before the runway aircraft was only a few feet above the ground, although it had to be at a height of at least a hundred meters. International Commission for the operation and was officially announced that the aircraft first touched the treetops on a kilometer from the airport. After 200 meters struck the wing in a tree and then suddenly turned left. The main parts tupoljeva disintegrated 350-500 meters before the runway for landing and 150 feet left of it.
 However Coffins plane with the bodies of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife Mary went on Sunday morning from Warsaw to Krakow, the place of burial, and the Wawel Cathedral, the pantheon of great Polish personalities. With military honors, the remains are placed in a special aircraft, flying low to avoid a cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland, while the Polish air traffic remains closed to civilian aircraft. Coffins arrived at the Basilica of Our Lady in Krakow, where he held a funeral ceremony in the presence of relatives and Polish and foreign official representatives. Failures of leaders Russian President Dmitry Medvedev flew to Moscow in Krakow to attend the state funeral of the Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife. The agency Itar-Tas spokeswoman quoted Russian President Timakovu Natalia, who said that Medvedev flew from Moscow to Krakow, but no other details of the Kremlin announced.
 And the Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovich flew the plane Tupolev-134 in Krakow at the funeral of the Polish President. Ukrainian airline Ukraine International Airlines has announced that the morning continues to fly on international flights from Kiev. Otherwise, most world leaders including U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel was forced to cancel a trip to Poland because the cloud of volcanic ash from Icelandic volcanoes that interferes with air service across Europe. Obama, who had arranged the departure from Washington to attend the funeral in Cracow, the phone is talking to the Acting President of Poland Bronislaw Komorovskim, said the White House. Put in Krakow were canceled and Swedish King Carl XVI Gustaf, Finnish President Tarja Halonen, and Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero and King Juan Carlos I. Delegation of Egypt, Macedonia, India, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Croatian, New Zealand and Pakistan also canceled plans to attend the state funeral.
 