This past summer, the situation was quite different. The then Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs, Joaquin Almunia, the thought that the interests of the eurozone countries imported within the International Monetary Fund (IMF). This idea, however, encountered opposition of some members. The then German finance minister, Peer Steinbrück (SPD), stressed that in this case Germany Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The proposal of EMF sent Wolfgang Schäubletrebala play an important role to play in the IMF. Literally, then said: &quot;It can not be to pay for the festivities, and may not participate.&quot; Greece should not be repeated Greek financial crisis has shown that it is now too is that Germany should pay a party. But Steinbrückov successor, Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU), this time proposing a totally different way. He seeks to establish some kind of European Monetary Fund (EMF).
 Amadeu Altafaj, spokesman for the new Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn has said that the Commission is &quot;ready to propose such a European document, which would require support of all the Eurozone countries. This should be related to strict conditions. The idea behind that is to be the case as one in Greece should not happen again. &quot; The details Altafaj did not want to talk, but said it was too early to talk about whether such a fund would be only a financial instrument, or a completely new institution in the European Union. It&#39;s not about competition and pride But why does Europe need its own monetary fund? Because the IMF has already helped during the crisis, the European Union as Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The IMF has professionals with experience that the Europeans can be pomoćiLatvije and Hungary. Does the European Union it might prevent the Americans, who play a major role in the IMF, occupy an important role in the European financial policy? Or the EU is simply too proud to be dependent on outside help? Altafaj spokesman dismisses doubt.
 &quot;We have the IMF involved in our discussions with Greek institutions. The IMF has made a useful contribution here. Simply possessing expertise in this area. Therefore, it is not about competition or pride. These are efforts for efficiency. So now we want to take a chance. Nothing more and nothing less, &quot;said Altafaj. For Greece, the establishment of the European Monetary Fund was definitely too late. But some other members of the eurozone could befall the fate that befell Greece. In this sense Altafaj mentioned that by the end of the Spanish Presidency, 30 . June on the table, however the Commission could not find a concrete proposal on the establishment of a European Monetary Fund. Authors: Christoph Hasselbach / Marina Martin Re. Editor: Svetozar Savić
 