Open Predstvništvo CCE in Afghanistan - Afghanistan is the beginning of the Croatian stronger presence in Central Asia. Before us is not an easy path, it will be a space battle with global competition, but it is the only possible way if we want to live by their own work. Croatia can not live on someone else&#39;s account by borrowing or selling assets. It must open new markets, said today President of the Croatian Chamber of Economy Nadan Vidosevic during opening of the Chamber of Commerce in Kabul, Afghanistan. He added that Croatia, taking into account the European market, which previously had to turn to other major world markets, along with Central Asia, like China, India, Brazil and Russia ... the Arab world and also in many other countries, or so-called market. Non-Aligned Movement. President of the Chamber used the occasion to visit and gratitude 15th Croatian military contingent operating under ISAF. He noted that eight years of experience and a brilliant field work with the Afghan people, the underlying premise for the start of economic cooperation, as a result, and the resulting CCE Representative in Kabul.
 He noted that Kosor first Prime Minister who turned to new markets outside Europe, as evidenced by her recent visit to Moscow, and that he hopes will soon find the opportunity to visit and Afghanistan. It would, he said, was crucial to the success of the Croatian economy in this market and start a different economic policy at the international level. Licensed representatives CCC Nadan Vidosevic handed Alokazai Jan Khan, vice president of the Afghan Trade and Industry Chamber, which on this occasion said that cooperation with the Croatian of great importance for the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. -First of all I must thank the Croats as they sent their children to ensure the safety of our country. Now we open a new page of cooperation that will happen in the economy. We encourage the Afghan investors to come to Croatia and will guarantee that the Afghan people and the honest businessmen of the trust, said Khan Jan Alokozai.
 After the opening of the CCC was held on the Croatian-Afghan business forum to which Croatian gopodarskom delegation which includes 11 companies (Agencija Alan doo, doo Birotehna, Dalekovod, DOK ING doo, doo Hittner, Instrumentaria Inc., Ltd. Jacquard, Podravka dd, Fan Group , HCR-CTDT and Cluster for Humanitarian Demining) CCC opportunity to speak with potential business partners. Croatia is among only seven states with a license for access to all competitions in that country, and up to now have the United States, Canada, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Russia and India. Representation in Afghanistan Chamber of Commerce has opened on the basis of the interest shown by member states and the fact that this country is great investment potential. -Afghanistan is a country that is open to the entry of foreign companies, while lacking all kinds of goods: food, clothing, footwear, medicines, agricultural equipment, machinery, electric.
 devices, therefore, possible cooperation in all sectors. Interesting are the major infrastructure projects, especially in road construction, bridge construction, water supply and sanitation, production and distribution of electricity. There are numerous business opportunities for our company and through projects funded by NATO (in 2010. Valued at 460 million euros), as well as civilian projects financed by the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, United States (80%) and EU countries, &quot;said Director of Sales Chamber of Commerce in Kabul Stanko Dunatov. His deputy Zvonimir Radiček, speaking on safety aspects, said the risks of doing business in the last two years reduce, and control finance and payments are of a high level. Prior to execution of projects in Afghanistan are carried out safety checks on areas where the project is implemented. Kabul is very well connected - airline routes from Frankfurt, Dubai and New Delhi are very frequent (4-5 times a day).
 In Kabul there are about 4600 foreign civilians. CCC has signed a cooperation agreement with the Afghan Chamber of Commerce and Industry, which are prerequisites for obtaining all tenders that are launched in Afghanistan. CCC will be in addition to the competitions provide information on business opportunities, security issues, to organize the arrival of business, facilitating communication with the bureaucracy and provide them with the necessary contacts and the help of their appearance on the market.
 