HSS 1.12.2009. Mesic funded Islamic terrorists and the Albanian mafia ® County Organization of the Croatian Peasants&#39; Party-New Croatian Initiative ® County Zapadnohercegovaèke, there may not respond to interview Croatian President Stipe Mesic, with whom he talked Your journalist Sanjin Beæiragiæ, published in Your OJ show of 23 November 2009 year. Smatrajuæi Your political magazine one of the few shows on FTV, which deals with researchers ivaèkim journalism, not expected from unfounded glorification people Stipe Mesic, Your show you in accordance with this article, compromised by many viewers ¹ Croatian population. Therefore, O ® HSS-NHI ® ZH takes it upon himself to you indicate you will at least a small part of the facts, the character and work of Mr. dotiènog. Stipe Mesic, not a &quot;proven friend of Bosnia, which she loves, mail that requires respect for the integrity of the fighting,&quot; as you called it in his paper. Croats Herzegovina, who love and her second home in Croatia, no matter who she is currently president, remembered a statement that &quot;well proven friend of Bosnia and Herzegovina, which was early 1992, the grandstand in © wide Brijeg poruèio Hercegovina people,&quot; You can be considered Croatian nationals hold because © Siroki Brijeg Croatian land &quot;and thus proved that, by them Your words&quot; a proven friend of Bosnia, which she loves, mail that requires respect for the integrity of the fighting. &quot;
 Reminiscent of, against the same Stipe Mesic, 14 October 2008, the Association of citizens for the promotion of democratic values, with a sitting ¹ headquarters in Vukovar, has raised charges of responsibility for war crimes in Vukovar and the same sent to the Secretary hold avnom Attorney, Mladen Bajiæu, Tu ¾ Prosecutor&#39;s Office for War Crimes of the Republic of Serbia and the International Criminal Court for war Crimes in the Former Yugoslavia ¹. Croatian is the president, a former mail our president Presidency ¹ society ex ¹ SFRY and the former mail our Supreme Commander former ¹ s JNA, the application for the war crimes tribunal charged with command responsibility, because mail to a superior commander of the officers of the JNA, did not take the necessary steps to prevent the crimes of the JNA in Vukovar. Subordinate relationship with him then, legally, and had a hierarchy among others, Mrk ¹ iæ, and Radic © ljivanèanin. Also, although the Constitution of Croatia clearly states that the Republic has an obligation to take care of Croats outside the country, particularly in BiH, Stipe Mesic for 10 years of his presidency, not done any mail that the improvements and the location rate of Croats in BiH, but it did much to He will be mail to and you i.Za during presidency &quot;well proven friend&quot; around 100 000 Croats had left or were under different pressures, forced to abandon this and this multiethnic BiH, in which rights have all but one of the constituent peoples, whose rights under the Constitution RH, and the &quot;Dayton Agreement&quot;, Stipe Mesic is obliged to advocate and protect the mail.
 However, one citizen with Mesic must agree ¾ iti. As said in your mail our magazine, &quot;Every nation has the politicians what you deserve Uje. Despite the recent lamentations about how &quot;Croatian federal unit takes uni ¹ Placing the Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina&quot; in his great ¾ Unfortunately, all relevant political parties in the Croatian sign the signature &quot;Kre ¹ evski declaration&quot; clearly and unequivocally rejected dvoentitetsku their partition as unacceptable for the Croatian people in BiH. Stipe Mesic, la ¾ ljivac who claimed that there was a secret witness Ha ¹ whom there ¾&#39;s Office in the process of Tihomir Bla ¹ rain, until the &quot;Slobodna Dalmacija&quot; has not announced his testimony, and Your OJ show is also said that &quot;the Church and religious dignitaries, should hold ati its mission&quot; that the I ¹ Opinion ® About HSS-NHI ® ZH and hold, because it precisely thanks to this, mail to the Catholic priests to hold but its mission, the Croatian people stayed and survived in this area, before you ivjev ¹ and the Ottoman empire and communism and other evils in the Past failure tisuæljeæu.
 Prikazujuæi Stipe Mesic, samoprogla ¹ particular legal expert, as highlymoral person, by Your reporter almost begs to run for president of Bosnia, applying ¹ incalculable damage to all peoples in BiH. Stipe Mesic his presidential campaign, financed with money whose trail leads through the Albanian mafia to the center of Islamic terrorism in the Middle East, and mail it was clearly proved Darko Petrièiæ, journalist and political scientist in his book &quot;Organized Crime and Corruption in Croatia&quot;, and for which it is Your a colleague, the editor shows, &quot;Dossier HR&quot; journalist Ana Jeliniæ, removed with HRT, because she dared to publish. Such criminal figures in BiH have been enough without Stipe Mesic. The &quot;Moral pitch&quot; for his last visit to Bosnia, not met with any of the legitimate representatives of BiH Croats, but there is a bo ¹ njaèkim member presidential ¹ society, Haris Silajd ¾ iæem, as well as back-up Bo ¹ njaèkim member presidential ¹ Society ® eljko Kom ¹ iæem, which is otherwise like declare ¹ njavati as Croatian ¹ member of the Presidential Office, and to whom the office of 17 employees, is only one Croat, and so this great moralist clearly demonstrated BiH Croats, ¹ and it supports any of BiH, currently, wants.
 In the end, to paraphrase, &quot;well proven friend&quot; of BiH Croats, &quot;Stipe Mesic, you&#39;ll pay taxes in BiH, and accordingly, has no right to influence the internal organization of BiH&quot;, stands at the end of the letter by ® The HSS-NHI Zapadnohercegovaèke ¾ counties sent editor Shows &quot; 60 Minutes, &quot;Bakir Had you iomeroviæu. Responses ® About HSS-NHI to visit Stipe Mesic on the show 60 minutes has not been published bringing the FTV, as quoted from HSS-NHI, &quot;still add a clearly proved that pierced ¹ njaèka TV and that their program can only be their corresponding parties and individuals&quot; . In fact, we know that Mesic&#39;s National Bulletin and how this newsletter is considered like organ of the Croatian mafia, a mafia has no nationality, they are Zionists hour is, EAS Islamists, EAS kri ¾ acres, EAS Taliban and the authorities are still - the &quot;New World order &quot;only the Illuminati or the subjects of the Rothschild banking family and the Rockefeller ...
 