Big Bang (Big Bang) name which, scientists believe, explains the theory explains ¹ ¹ expansion of the universe. The name originates 1949th , and the Big Bang has been replaced by hitherto Important eæu theory &quot;sleep mode&quot;, which claims that the universe has always been there and can not mail spreads, but rather just evolves. Bang theorists believe that the universe was created ¹ rapid expansion (explosion) of compressed ancient state, during which substantially reduced its gustoæa and temperature, and the substance (matter) has become dominant over antimatter. The universe, therefore, evolved from small particles of extremely high temperatures and gustoæe and Nagada is that the violent reaction that is &quot;produced&quot; the universe, created and atoms of particular chemical elements - hydrogen, lithium and helium, and other substances, which form all mail to is. Of course, in a project of this magnitude and importance ¾ opportunities, have been included and some big numbers - that denotes a very small value. Thus, trillions of protons will chase the ring accelerator tunnel at a speed which will circle of 27 miles completed ITI ¹ 11 thousand times per second, and the number of collisions between particles, also in seconds, will be around 600 million.
 The collision of particles at the LHC, the temperature will be created 100 thousand times greater than the solar core. Although very small, the temperature will still be huge, so cooling will have to hold the accelerator ati machine at a constant 271.3 degrees Fahrenheit or below ¹ is concerned, and it will achieve the circulation of liquid helium around the LHC ring. Furthermore, in order to collect data on 600 million particle collisions per second, scientists are equipped with devices that measure the period of time to billionths of a second - time units that we could call and milijardinkama. Also, view from space, these offices will monitor the flow of particles and their location in aj millionth of a meter. Every year, will the data obtained in the researchers making the LHC completed Fair 100 thousand-layer DVDs. Also, will be stored in a computer network, and tens of thousands of computers, ma ¹ tovito called &#39;network and&#39; (The Grid).
 Glossary: particle - object smaller than an atom, which has an inherent mass and charge. Hadron - certain particle mass, made up of smaller parts, called quarks, which are connected and do the whole. Examples of hadrons as electrons or protons. Particle accelerator - a machine that uses electricity to accelerate particles to high speeds, in a certain direction. Collider - an accelerator in which two light particles travel in different directions and colliding to produce high-energy collisions between particles. LHC is the world&#39;s largest collider. Standard principle - the theory of modern physics, entered into by the other two different theories -&#39;s general relativity and quantum mechanics. The largest flaw yet to ¼ ¹ still may not fully explain gravity or mass. Higgs Boson - bo ¾ anska particle &quot;is, in theory, particles, which should give matter its mass, plays a key role in the ratification of Standard principles.
 Pessimists, however, never rests, so neither in this project, there are several theories on how to mail order everything could poae wrong. (...) Nevertheless, countless are the implications of test results. Jo ¹ when the research project of massive proportions get involved express mail as to the &#39;bo ¾ anska particulates&#39; or &#39;Genesis machine&#39;, the situation becomes absolutely interesting to all - skeptics, believers, atheists and agnostics, and tehnofilima tehnofobima. In short, everyone. No hiding it, God (generally spoken) in the tiny particles? May we learn the machine, or technology, get in touch with us to neèim ¹ &#39;doing&#39;, which is why we are and know that as iskon reason? The LHC is a woman stretched arm of science, and is now on the &#39;bo ¾ Christian&#39;, if any, that the hand grip answered.
 