This review of the British film from 2007. I&#39;m writing just after watching each film, and television mini-series. Unlike many American films in the disaster who need quite a lot &quot;tighter&quot; certain assumptions that the story seemed plausible, &quot;Tidal Wave&quot;, recorded by Richard Doyle&#39;s novel, is based only on preuveličanoj frequent situation due to London regularly threatened by floods and therefore not exactly a classic disaster movie because it describes quite conceivable situation. When inserted into the story convincing computer graphics, which is &quot;flooded&quot; London and its key monuments, landmarks, streets and squares, and top-notch cast led by Robert Carlyle, David Suchet and Joanne Whalley, the result of three hours for which no I&#39;m not complaining which I spent in front of television ... What would happen if a tidal storm surge from the Atlantic move south English Channel, and that the excess water poured down the Thames River upstream to London? &quot;Tidal Wave&quot; is a story about this, not at all unthinkable scenario and prepared a višemilijunskog the city to come up with such a great flood carries.
 I must admit that I did not start too &quot;trznuo&quot; the announcement of this mini-series, acted as if it will work on another &quot;catastrophic disaster film,&quot; but what I&#39;m initially attracted still watching the movie and kept the screen were excellent panoramic views of London and the appearance of two respected actors&#39; names - Robert Carlylea and David Suchet. The two are certainly not embark on any project &quot;B&quot; productions, is not it? And indeed - it would not. British film from 2007. &quot;Converted&quot; into a television mini-series of two episodes for a total of slightly more than three hours really works well and will not be disappointed by a few key criteria. For starters, the story is based on a situation that is very realistic and achievable - unlike many Hollywood Armageddon-style works in which each successive event is a bit improbable than the previous one. London is, in fact, has always been very susceptible to flooding; it most, 1928.
 year flood is a big part of the city and took a 14-life. Thames was &quot;tamed&quot; to be only with the construction and commissioning of the dam in east London 1982nd (About the problems of flooding in London, but I briefly wrote) but none of these dams, of course, not a hundred percent guarantee that would be incredibly large, rising tidal wave that appeared after a big storm could not stop before reaching the city center. How would it look flooded London: Westminster Palace and the London Eye big part in the water. The situation is not entirely unthinkable: It has been reported that during the great flood 1236th Palace of Westminster could &quot;row in the hallways as if they&#39;re on the lake.&quot; One of the worst flooding occurred 1953rd when just downstream at the mouth of the Thames, about three hundred people drowned. Scenario described in the &quot;tidal wave&quot; that is really realistic because otherwise can result (ie - bring it) to spill from the bed of the Thames and flooding cities: when the storms in the North Atlantic, creating an area of low pressure, a tidal wave created by the storm could move south North Sea, along the coast of Scotland.
 As the sea channel between England and France narrows, the excess water simply has nowhere and moves upstream, the Thames mouth, towards London. How come the floods on the Thames: a tidal wave created by a storm in the North Atlantic may, under the influence of low pressure will enter through the mouth of the Thames and head towards the capital. (Illustration: UK Environmental Agency) The highest floods have struck London just in the spring when it is such a tidal wave, driven by a storm over the Atlantic, &quot;coincided&quot; with the ordinary spring tides on the Thames. Today, this prevents flooding mentioned dams on the river Thames - which in some years and activates dozens of times, and especially problematic for years and more than a hundred - but not unheard of situation in which it will appear as large floods that none of these dams will not be able to prevent spills Thames . It is precisely such a scenario - a monstrous tide that occurs once in a thousand years - has accepted the Richard Doyle in his novel with a &quot;tidal wave&quot; adaptation.
 Science behind the story and the film is explained in the pages of the author. In addition to holding credible stories and screenplays whose settings can be easily checked (for the scenario just described, and invested more than half a billion pounds to build dams on the Thames!), &quot;Tidal Wave&quot; is still in many ways different from something that would be recorded on the other side of the Atlantic. Well acquainted with London will notice that all geographic relationships really work (the main characters are in one hour, sometimes on the other end of town in a blink of the eye) and, fortunately, there is no forcing it into a film about any imaginable disaster insert a love story which is something Hollywood always has to &quot;blow&quot; any film of this kind. As the Prime Minister just on a business trip, the key decisions about how to save London brings his deputy Campbell (David Suchet, standing) with the support of Commissioner Patricia Nash (Joanne Whalley). David Suchet - best known to many for his role as Hercule Poirot in a very popular television series - here is the British Deputy Prime Minister that a combination of circumstances must assume full responsibility for solving problems with tidal wave that has come down the Thames River to London, having already caused chaos and casualties in Scotland .
 Meteorological services completely fail in its forecasts, predicting that England is safe because it will continue to surge after Scotland to the Netherlands ... What exactly happens in the last hour takes an expert in the tide, Professor Leonard Morrison (Tom Courtenay). (Of course, as it must be dramatic plots - at first no one listens and does not want to even talk to him.) His son, Rob Morrison (Robert Carlyle) is an expert in the maintenance of dams on the river Thames, where he and his ex-wife Sam (Jessalyn Gilsig). At the last moment before the arrival of a tidal wave, they manage to close the dam but this, of course, does not help at all - the whole dam is being flooded, as well as the wider central London. Rob Morrison (Robert Carlyle) and his ex-wife Sam (Jessalyn Gilsig) making it out alive from the wild and swollen Thames and find themselves in a subway tunnel with two resourceful worker service for maintenance.
 In the meantime, while Rob and I are trying to save you alive by jumping off the dam into the swollen River Thames and the vigilante, the pressure to the incredibly tight deadlines save as many Londoners fall back Commissioner for Disaster Management, Patricia Nash (played by Joanna Whalley excellent). Pressed the deputy prime minister as soon as wanted concrete solutions (after the weather service failed onemogućivši emergency services to have sufficient time to evacuate the population) and the army commander who would - as usually happens in these movies - issues resolved preferably by booting things up in the air and giving wider powers of the army. Patricia Nash also is forced to make decisions that often must be based on trust in Professor Morrison and his thirty years ago discarded and ridiculed the theory about why it will be a new dam on the river Thames, sooner or later prove to be a big mistake, so often has to beg for some more second time before the army begins to resolve things in a different way, or before the Deputy Prime Minister requested the alternative options.
 Dramatic elements - like the wrong weather forecasting and scheduling a series of systems that are supposed to provide Londoners enough time for escape - in fact, indications are entirely conceivable situation in which the London (or any other city) could find, regardless of how well-developed plans for this situation there. (And regardless of whether the drones and armored vehicles - from Zagreb to know what I mean.) Beauty and talent: a real pity that the British actress Joanne Whalley had a chance for bigger and more important film achievements in Hollywood. The &quot;tidal wave&quot; is simple - excellent. Apart from the story entirely convincing, at a high level, and special effects. Reflecting on the past three hours watching each material, I can not remember exactly any one scene that would act unconvincingly: Thames poured from the bowl is probably just as much as it actually happened, a combination of panoramas of London and the computer-generated water also works very well .
 Some scenes - like the struggle for survival in London&#39;s subway tunnels - are based on the actual characteristics of these tunnels (many doors are reinforced against flooding due to the proximity of the Thames and the door to resist the explosion after the Second World War in which the subway tunnels for months served as a shelter to millions of Londoners). When Rob and I manage to get away from the tunnel at Charing Cross station, waiting for them impressive virtual view of a completely flooded Trafalgar Square, this commitment to geographic detail especially me, as well as from London, seems happy, because the film has no geographical inconsistencies and disagreements. (Some smaller I noticed watching the recent &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot;, but I did not want to bother you the details ...) My final rating - thumbs up! Once again showed that the British film and TV industry can make a good drama &quot;loaded&quot; product, however, holds water (pun intended!) And when you go review the scientific facts behind the story - and this is something that often Just missing the &quot;disaster movie&quot;.
 Even the store &quot;tidal wave&quot; in the tray with disaster movies just because it is not entirely correct because, as far as the event might seem exaggerated for the purpose of adaptation, does not entirely impossible. I&#39;m not saying that the &quot;tidal wave&quot; appropriate for all viewers - some of them will be three hours, odgledana like &quot;a piece&quot; would be perhaps too much - but it was a very pleasant surprise Saturday night movie. Embankment on the Thames is actually one of the main heroine of the film: while failing to prevent the initial tidal wave of great use during the withdrawal of water. Excellent and realistic computer graphics, which were shown the sights of London is one of the main characteristics of &quot;tidal wave&quot;. Note: This mini-series was shown tonight on Nova TV, a replay is tomorrow, Sunday, 10 January, at 14:40. If you missed the original broadcast and the rerun, &quot;Tidal Wave&quot; was released on DVD, so do it easily accessible.
 Official site of the movie / mini-series are here, and there are sites already mentioned by the book.
 