The presidents of 27 central banks of countries from around the world have agreed on Sunday (12.9.) In Basel, Switzerland, the new, stricter principles that should be respected in the business in the global financial markets. This primarily refers to the tightening of rules regarding the necessary amount of equity in high-risk transactions. The new rules would have to be gradually work included in the period between the 2013th and 2015. year - thus the bank wants to give enough time to prepare. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Small or major reform? - European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet that the bank&#39;s goal was his large financial transactions ensure equity in the amount of seven percent of the volume of work - until now required a &quot;deposit&quot; of two percent. The deposit will have to be in the form of. &quot;Hard capital&quot; - that is, or in the form of cash or treasury shares.
 Regulation of global capital markets that these rules are already known as &quot;Basel III&quot; should be prevented that in case of a new global financial crisis, nations must priskakati banks to help to save them from destruction. At the same time heads of national central banks want to avoid too strict okrvire for banking operations, for fear that it might reflect negatively on the boom. First and foremost are the rules of the big banks are forced to collect a substantial amount of additional capital. For banks that are crucial for maintaining the stability of financial systems in individual countries should be valid even stricter rules. Finally, these rules would have to be voted in the November 20 summit in major industrial countries and developing countries G-20 in South Korea. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Josef Ackermann, head of Deutsche Bank&#39;s excellent mood &quot;This agreement represents a fundamental strengthening of global standards on capital markets,&quot; he said after a meeting in Basel, European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet, and added: &quot;This will significantly contribute to long-term financial stability and economic growth.&quot; New positioning has already begun the German central bank president Axel Weber is to achieve an agreement of principle reacted with relief.
 &quot;I am very pleased that we managed to agree on the rules of this ambitious and at the international level,&quot; Weber said in Frankfurt. Shortly before the news of the achievement principle agreement, the German bank (Deutsche Bank), the largest financial institutions in Germany, has announced that it plans (by issuing new shares on the market) to provide 9.8 billion euros of additional capital. In this way it intends to increase the share capital of the bank, to meet the criteria novodogovorenih regulatory rules. But Deutsche Bank has a long and plans: &quot;These capital increase we intend to provide the necessary amount of money for the planned consolidation of Postbank (Postbank, red.)&quot; Announced the president of Deutsche Bank Josef Ackermann. The bank already owns 30 per cent stake in Germany&#39;s Postbank, and plans to this majority. Author: Oliver Samson / Z. Arbutina Re. eds: S.
 Matic
 