Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu on Tuesday for an official visit to the United States, harshly criticized the Israeli attack on ships off the charity Help for Gaza, and the unwillingness of governments to condemn Obama&#39;s attack that killed at least nine civilians. Israeli special forces boarded the night to Monday morning at six vessels with 600 propalestinskih activists and 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid, which has sought to break the naval blockade of the Gaza Strip, and have fallen victim to the Turkish ship &quot;Mavi Marmara, who led the convoy. &quot;Psychologically, this is an attack on Turkey, such as the attacks of 11 September 2001.&quot; the United States, said Davutoglu told reporters in Washington before going to the State Department for a meeting with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, U.S. media as saying. Israelis believe they are above all laws Davutoglu showed reporters a map that shows the attack took place 72 nautical miles off the Israeli coast, away from the boundary of territorial waters to 12 miles from the coast.
 He said that &quot;the Israelis believe they are above all laws,&quot; but that would be Turkey and the international community to invoke responsibility. Actions of the Israeli government compared with the &quot;pirates in Somalia&#39;s coast, were subjected to ridicule the Israeli allegations that some of the fleet were associated with Al-Qaeda. MEPs were on board, said the Turkish minister said, adding that he did not know that &quot;Al-Qaeda infiltrated the Europarlament. Davutoglu had previously scheduled meeting with Clinton to discuss the Iranian nuclear program, but said that on Monday turned his plane in New York since he heard about the attack in order to join the discussion at the United Nations. He said he was depressed as the UN Security Council and took 11 hours, late into the night, to reach agreement on a presidential statement, mainly due to the efforts of the United States to soften Israel and condemnation of any direct call for an international investigation.
 He stressed that Turkey believes that UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon statement provides sufficient authority to order an international investigation into the incident. Since the incident occurred in international waters, Israel has no right to declare that it will conduct its own investigation, he added. Waiting for Solidarity USA &quot;We will not keep quiet about it. We expect the U.S. to show solidarity with us. I&#39;m very happy with yesterday&#39;s statements by the United States,&quot; he said. White House and State Department on Monday expressed regret for the victims, stated that they collect additional data about the incident and said he expected that Israel will conduct a full and credible investigation. Davutoglu said that Israel and Turkey have long been a close relationship and that he would meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu on Tuesday to discuss restarting indirect peace talks with Syria, but Netanyahu canceled a visit to Washington and returned to Israel because of the crisis.
 In order to overcome the crisis in relations between Ankara and Jerusalem, Israel must be &quot;clearly and formally apologize&quot; to accept an independent investigation, immediately release all passengers from the ships, to return the bodies of dead and lift the blockade of Gaza, said Davutoglu. He said that Turkey would, otherwise, to seek further action on the UN Security Council and whose non-permanent member. Davutoglu was announced that Turkey would seek a discussion within NATO, because the &quot;citizens of NATO countries invaded a country that is not a NATO member.&quot;
 