The Polish government issued a transcript of the recording sound box from the cockpit just before the crash of Polish President Lech Kaczynski, in which the 10th April this year at Smolensk Russia killing all 96 passengers and crew members. VIDEO: Polish pilots of state leaders took the death? (10.04.2010.) More information about the publication of the contents of an audio recording, agreed to personally two prime ministers - Donald Tusk Polish and Russian Vladimir Putin, whose country, otherwise, responsible for the investigation because the accident occurred in its territory. From the transcript is no doubt that the pilots were aware that the weather conditions that existed could not land and that they intended to try, it seems, is more order. To be closer to the disaster, have become, however, aware only when the aircraft caught the wings of the trees, even though they were instruments and sound warnings that the country is approaching and that the plane must be raised.
 In the final minute before hitting the ground, the pilots have received more than ten warning system for alerting the type of TAWS, but the pilots did not listen. The recording ends with the pilot and scream curses - &quot;Whore mat ...&quot;. And then dead silence .... Polish president is not, according to Slobodna Dalmacija, as speculated later pressured to land at any cost. &quot;For now, no decision of the President of what remains to do,&quot; the pilot informed the director of state protocol chief Mariusz Kazan after Kaczynski reported that pilots do not believe that they will go to hand land and therefore must be to another airport. A possible indirect pressure experts have cited the fact that before the tragedy in the cockpit came commander of Air Force Gen. Andrzej Blaszik. Previous Articles: General surplus was in the field of aircraft cockpit (25.05.2010.) VIDEO: Kaczynski was buried in the crypt of silver bells (18.04.2010.) Plane dropped because air traffic controllers did not know English? (12.04.2010.) Polish president and the top part of the state killed in plane crash (10.04.2010.) Danas.hr 03.06.2010.
 