To progress in the IT career should acquire experience abroad, so called. &#39;Clickjackers&#39; can hack webcams and microphones; banking crisis Eine data is very sensitive and risky, the Chinese government spies Skype users; Could iPod missing?; By Tomislav lux, tomiluk2007@yahoo.com for progress in the IT career should acquire experience in abroad, the U.S. and Western Europe are no longer promised land of progress for the young and eager to IT experts. Opportunities for advancement, and earnings are now offering China, India and Eastern Europe. Due to the current financial crisis, which affected all levels of society and business, the International Monetary Fund (IMF), based on calculations, predicts that the U.S. economy will in 2009. year rise by only 0.1%, and that the European will range from -0.2% to 0.2%. Compared with them, despite the financial crisis, the IMF predicts 8% growth in China, 7% equity in India and 6% equity in Russia.
 In today&#39;s IT operations by foreign companies looking for IT professionals who, along with the corresponding professional, professional experience, knowledge and business rules, and experts who possess them have a higher price in China, India and Russia, rather than, for example, in the United States. In addition, in the U.S. more cost those IT experts who have gained experience outside the U.S. and Western Europe. For the global IT industry, including IT professionals are becoming global. Therefore, it is valuable to have the knowledge to develop products in markets around the world. And precisely because the experience gained in other countries provide even greater value of IT professionals. According to the Website www.infoworld.com, to acquire more IT experts greater experience, and move more, and made his career, was detected 12 &quot;najvruæih&quot; cities where it is possible to achieve and 6 &quot;najobeæavajuæih&quot; region. There, IT professionals can expand their expertise and steæi or strengthened, those that Tieu veæeg realizing profits of additional product development and business processes.
 The 12 cities are: Amsterdam (Netherlands), Bangelore (India), Dubai (United Arab Emirates) Dublin (Ireland), Hong Kong (China), Kiev (Ukraine), New Delhi (India), Paris (France), San Jose (Costa Rica), Sao Paulo (Brazil), Shanghai (China) and Tel Aviv (Israel). The six regions are: Asia, Canada, China, Europe, India and Latin America. The so-called. &#39;Clickjackers&#39; can hack webcams and microphones, many web portals that are engaged in information technology these days they are writing about the so-called. &#39;Clickjacking&#39; attack technique, microphone and web camera PC. Nasamarujuæi posjeæuju users to malicious Web sites, hackers can hack naive in a way to use their microphones and web cameras, and they alone, without her knowledge, connected have and use these facilities &quot;zloèestih&quot; web page. Particularly sensitive flash all platforms, especially Adobe Flash Player, and &#39;clickjacking&#39; browser &#39;attack&#39; mikrofonov and camera&#39;s access dialog.
 As stated www.computerworld.com web portal, since the most recent word on the problem or danger, which is considered &quot;the critical&quot;, &quot;patch&quot; is not yet ready for use. It should be used, as anticipated, in late October or early November 2008. year, so, meanwhile, recommended to users, if they notice something unusually, to follow the instructions that you can find on web sites, and thus immediately block the &quot;attack&quot; on their cameras and microphones, and to always choose the option &quot;Always deny &quot;. Particularly vulnerable Macintosh computers because all the new Apple notebooks have already built-in cameras and microphones. Banking crisis Eine very sensitive data and IT Risk managers are faced with difficult challenges, given the current economic crisis, which caused the consolidation of banks and their IT systems. Web portal www.vnunet.com insists that financial institutions should be extremely cautious with data of their clients, but it is their own financial data, as used by large and often The different IT systems.
 IT departments the following months will need to integrate very large amounts of information because the big banks and other financial institutions struggling or merged with other institutions. Some IT security experts have already pointed out increased the risk of phishing attacks, because hackers can easily insert as those that solve customer requirements in the ongoing consolidation. Given that many financial institutions have adapted and various IT infrastructure, a combination of these systems and their effectiveness will represent the largest challenge for IT specialists. They just, like everyone else incorporated into the above-mentioned procedures, shall ensure that the information does not come into danger when they migrated, or move. And although, on the one hand, there are dangers on the other, the word is a good opportunity in order to add, or even build a better, more coherent and stronger security systems and security platform of keeping information.
 It is, after all, justified as showing the cost of investing in IT systems of institutions. To emphasize, users should not be concerned about the security costs, and meðubankovne card transactions, because they implement a system that did not affect the current turbulence. The Chinese government spies Just Skype users surveyed &quot;Breaching Trust Study&quot;, at the University of Toronto, Canada, has shown that Skype users in China, they TOM-Skype, the Chinese Skype service, spy, despite the fact that government rejected such a possibility. This is a big problem business and private users of that service, who were convinced that they are safe. Chinese authorities špijunirajuæi reveal IP addresses, user name, landline phone numbers that customers use to accepting TOM-Skype calls, as well as the entire contents of messages that users send, with time and date of each message.
 This is a very serious breaches of security and privacy, Opening the questions as all information gathered to further affect the formation of Chinese censorship and surveillance policies. Also, there is concern that the data collected will affect users of Skype, since they avoid the use of Chinese state telecommunications services. Once, during the recently completed Olympic Games, the U.S. warned that the Chinese authorities monitor information related to business intelligence. Chinese Examination System analyzes keywords in communication, such as &quot;democracy,&quot; &quot;Taiwan independence&quot; and &quot;Voice of America&quot;, and also rigorously monitor certain user account. Calls to personal information stored on TOM&#39;s servers, Skypeovog Chinese partner. Confidence in the brand known as Skype is, should be enough to guarantee when it comes to censorship and surveillance. The results showed that the transparency and accountability of critical importance to providers of communications technologies.
 The report points out that research results show that the act of storing personal data and sensitive private information, the rights of people and their privacy is under threat in China. Could the disappearance of the iPod? Steve Wozniak, one of the founders-&quot;Apple&quot; in the IT industry known as &#39;Woz&#39;, predicts the disappearance of an iPod. In an interview on &quot;The Daily Telegraph,&quot; Wozniak said that the iPod is already long enough time one of the world&#39;s most popular Media Player and that will, among ostalime, &quot;die&quot; because of their redundancy in the market. Today&#39;s user of the iPod has more than one device, two or three, because the price became available to everyone. As a parallel, said transistors and the Walkman, which have been popular for some time, and they disappeared. Such a fate and stipulating iPod. As the reasons stated that the crisis has hit the technology industry, and that its IT industry should extend the time period of replacing old IT equipment new, or else because the industry is doing damage to hardware and software.
 How &#39;Woz&#39; was right, yet will be seen, but which is now indispensable alternative to the iPod?
 