Compromise the constitutional reform MZ seeking a two-thirds parliamentary majority is willing to amend the Constitution. The condition of the international community to further integration into the EU and NATO, reforms that will guarantee the equality of all three nations and all citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina (the application of the European Court of Human Rights in the case Sejdi-Finns). Grand coalition of the two strongest Bosniak (SDA and SDP), Serbian (SNSD and SDS) and Croatian (HDZ and HDZ 1990) Parties should constitute authority not later than February 2011. SDP from the coalition is trying to push through the Croatian party and assume the position of the Croatian State and the Federation. On the occasion of 19th anniversary of the Croatian Community of Herceg-Bosna (founded 18.XI.1991.) Croatian media, written, and especially the electronic (TV, radio, news portals) were highly suspicious silent. Only in rare Bosnian-Herzegovinian editions were unable to find reports on Josipovic visit Mostar (28 words!) And its support requirements of the United Croatian parties to establish entities with a Croatian majority.
 It seems that only the distance from the BH Croats Croatian sobering and operated for the first time forced the BH Croats to create their own internal consensus-based Kreševskoj declaration and request for the formation of federal units, with a Croatian majority. For the first time, five national parties (SNSD, SDA, SDS, HDZ BiH and HDZ1990) is ready for reform of the Dayton Agreement, which are still awaiting the biggest Bosniak party SDP to join them and withdraw from Bosnia unitaristic adventure that threatens the collapse of state institutions, inter- conflicts, and possibly a new war. Be-ha politicians would be wise if they take into account the fact that thanks to the separate school systems, inter-ethnic tolerance and socialize at the lowest level ever, including the period of the war. Threats of riots and religious fanatics sports hooligans have already been proven detonator escalation of the conflict in Bosnia. Today, the European Union (not the UN or NATO) has only 1600 troops in Bosnia, military warehouses were full neuništenog weapons remaining from the war, and members of all nations have a massive personal weapon.
 B &amp; H is no longer strategically important to the great powers. What are the starting point for compromise on the reform of the Dayton Agreement?.
 State based on the inequality of its nations and citizens can not survive. Republic of Serbian nobody can terminate against the will of the Serbian people in BiH. The state is divided into two entities does not work, or as a unitary, even as the federal government. With the existence of two entities with a majority of the peoples of the equality of peoples, is necessary and the third ..
 More analysis of the very principles and alternatives, read &quot;Why is the guarantor of the survival of Herceg Bosna BiH?&quot;. The failure of negotiations on the reform of the Dayton Peace Accords were written countless litanies, and they all have a common attempt to capture the overall resolution of questions of constitutional powers of the state and entities, and territorial organization. What&#39;s wrong, just that approach. If we accept the principle of peaceful settlement of disputes as the only prerequisite for a successful compromise, which can be defined as a situation where all parties are equally dissatisfied, but satisfied enough not to risk the achievement of the agreement. What are the minimum requirements of representatives of the three constituent peoples of Bosnia and Herzegovina? Serbs: Preserving the territorial integrity and position of the Serbian Republic as a constituent / Federation of BiH, with a constitutionally defined powers. Disabling outvoting at the state level by the majority of the people in the country.
 Croats: At least one federal unit / entity with Croatian majority, which includes areas of southwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina, central Bosnia and Posavina, equal units of the Serbian and Bosniak majority, with Mostar as its headquarters. It is desirable to include all municipalities with Croatian majority in BiH. Also addressing the municipal and entity belonging to the Croatian villages around Tuzla (potential municipal salt) and around the ship-Derventa-Doboj (potential Plehan municipalities). Disabling outvoting at the state level by the majority of the people in the country. Bosniaks: Preservation of statehood and territorial integrity of BiH. The State takes the authority (a suspension veto entity) required for the adoption and implementation of European legislation (acquis communautaire) in BiH. Constitutional regulation of the judicial institutions (the Court of BiH, the State Prosecution, the question of the Supreme Court). Keeping mixed cantons (Central Bosnia and Mostar) outside the domination of Croats, ie
 opposition to remain a significant number of Bosnians in the composition of the entity with the Croatian majority. Prud, the April and Butmir agreement prepared the groundwork for achieving the necessary minimum for the (re) organization of the state of BiH. Some of the key things they agreed in the regulation of transfer of competencies from the entities and the state of the EU, the principle of equality of nations, entities and electoral reform. Current requirements Bosniak politicians are going in the direction of the request for the centralization of powers državoj Parliamentary Assembly, with the abolition of the entity to veto, to the Council of Ministers and the introduction of the President. Of course, also opposed the establishment of an equal of the House of Peoples at the national level, and insisted on the civic election law provides for a mono-ethnic unitary state. Although it appears that the remote so that compromise is impossible, it fortunately is not the case, which shows the success of a compromise which established the District of Brcko.
 The territory is divided between the two entities and three nations in a strategic position with an entity (Serbian) ruled out handing over the territory of the other side, just as the impossibility of accepting the loss of integrity of the disputed territory by the Bosnian Federation. International Commissioner and decentralization ensured that District citizens live together in peace and with the personal freedom of choice of belonging to a particular entity (enabling them to vote for different constituencies). There is no reason that the same principle is not consistently applied in resolving the remaining disputes. In order to avoid a tragic repetition of history in the traffic and economic nebitnoj score najizoliranijeg part of Europe, it is necessary to reach a compromise that will ensure at least the minimum eligibility for most citizens of all nations. Such a compromise by definition it will be difficult for many to accept the &quot;underprivileged&quot;, but the only alternative to the uncontrolled collapse of the state-economic-security system.
 In making this proposal complied with the principles of the Conference on European cooperation in Helsinki 1975th which is a prerequisite for peace among nations introduced the principle of respect for international borders, with protection of minorities. The same principle is applied to the three nations in Bosnia constituted and is established between the same gender that is the foundation of all international relations. Only a compromise with the equality of all three nations is a guarantee that there will be a new war in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Advocates of the territorial unity of Bosnia and Herzegovina should satisfy the constitutional provision which the constituent units can not allow secession, while the advocates of separation of minority people and the Constitution guaranteed DURABILITY OF constituent units (the need for ratification of the Constitution and international agreements in the entities). Bosnia and Herzegovina can only survive as a federation in which all three nations have equal rights (including the number of federal entities and representation in government bodies).
 How would seem minimal territorial compromise in Bosnia? 1st Preserving Entities Serbian second The establishment of the entity Herceg-Bosna Canton Federation composed of the Croatian majority 3rd Establishment of the entities of Bosnia made up of cantons with Bosniak-majority 4th Preservation of the Brcko District 5th Formation of the District of Central Bosnia (seat: Travnik) and Central Herzegovina (headquarters: in Mostar) 6 The establishment of new municipalities with Croatian majority: Plehan in Serbian Bosnia and salt in Item 6 is necessary to fulfill the promise that it will change to include the entire territory of BiH (Plehan in Serbian). Why is the establishment of the District and that his powers? Territorial and Demographic izmješanost of both nations prevents their division. Two cantons in which Croats are one-third (Travnik) and the Bosniak population of the other two thirds, while the second (Mostar) by half the population are Bosniaks and Croats, it is necessary to ensure equality of both peoples.
 The District Constitution must be provided for proportional representation of both peoples (nations over 5% c.) in the executive, legislative and judicial authorities, as well as the qualified majority vote for (not) trust the executive, and budget. District takes before the cantonal and entity authorities, with all that is not represented in state institutions with the right to vote, but without him. Districts (Brcko and Mostar / Travnik) have jointly owned assets and the state in which all three entities achieve equal rights. Voting rights of citizens of the District? Citizens of the District, the District of citizenship, are entitled to ask the citizenship of entities if the entities meet the requirements of citizenship. As citizens of the District participate in the selection of District institutions and entities as citizens can vote for the election of representatives of entities in state institutions. To emphasize: They have no right to vote for the entity institutions, but institutions for the District.
 BiH citizens without permanent residence in the territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina? As citizens of the District and they have the right to request citizenship entity will comply with the conditions of entity citizenship and register to vote. If you have entity citizenship retain only the right to participate in elections for state-level institutions (eg, the lower house of parliament). Suffrage entity without citizenship? Why? Because this must be harmonized with the EU that it is possible to freely choose a place of residence and voting for local, national and European institutions. The entity allows only citizens vote for the institutions of government entities and institutions which sit representatives of the entity. How would seem minimal constitutional compromise in Bosnia? 1st Maintaining the collective presidency (regardless of the form of choice) with representatives of the three entities with executive powers delegated to the Council of Ministers, decisions by consensus, the Chairman of the annual rotation of second
 The establishment of equality between the House of Peoples (or entities), districts only have the right to participate, but without voting third Parliamentary Assembly or the House of citizens - the right to vote to all citizens of the 4th Entity veto is reversed, with the introduction of the necessary approvals, all 3 entities to amend the constitution and the ratification of international agreements 5th The Council of Ministers - the Constitution defines proportionate representation of all three nations and the principle of rotation of the President VM (every three years from another nation) 6 Presidents of the House of citizens, the House of Peoples and the Council of Ministers must be from different nations 7th The referendum - the success of the referendum requires a majority of citizens in all three entities 8th Constituent units have no right to secede 9th The right of minorities to proportional representation at all levels of government, where they were at least 5% 10 The right to a minimum representation of all three nations at the entity level and in municipalities where they were at least 5% 11
 Entities and districts have the freedom to own their office interior design and the degree of autonomy of regions, counties, districts. The same can stay and units of state government entity and 12th In order to introduce greater efficiency in the common standard of 5 000 st for existence of the community. Smaller municipalities to join or affiliated with larger ones. Description: The transformation of the Federation BiH entities in the Bosnian and Croatian majority, a mixed cantons of the state districts. Note 1: Number of entities with a majority of members of each nation must be the same for all three nations, ie three or six entities. Six entities would be much easier to run regional and international cooperation, since they may jointly act according to their regional interests. Entities: Central Bosnia (Sarajevo), Herceg Bosna (Age), Serbian Eastern (East Sarajevo), Posavina (Orasje), Western Bosnia (Bihac), Western Serbian (Banja Luka). Districts: Brcko, Central Bosnia (Travnik) and Central Herzegovina (Mostar).
 Note 2: It is possible (and desirable) the Agreement provide that the cantons Travnik and Mostar remain two separate districts, so the total number of constituent units (the entities and the District) was nine. Croatian politicians promise that they will be the center of Mostar, the Croatian federal unit of the majority can only be achieved in this way. The position of the District, with a guaranteed share of minority peoples in decision-making, while retaining the right to vote to elect representatives of their entities in state bodies, the only viable formation of federal units with two different statuses: Entities with 3 / 4 majority of members of a nation and the districts in which they live significant minority of other nations.
 