View to Brussels, look towards Moscow 01/03/2010 - Newly-elected Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych for his first overseas destination chosen by the Commission in Brussels and the EU. It was a symbolic political gesture, and it hosts Europe are enthusiastically welcomed, according to the correspondent of RFE / RL - &quot;with a red carpet and all the honors.&quot; EU Commission Chairman Jose Manuel Barroso said he welcomed the statement that &quot;come between friends (. ..) that support the stability and prosperity of your country (...) with whose authorities are willing to cooperate comprehensively. &quot; Barroso says he&#39;s worked hard to explain that &quot;Ukraine&#39;s cooperation with the EU is not at the expense of Ukraine&#39;s relations with Russia&quot; on the contrary - &quot;good relations between Ukraine and Russia are in the interests of both Ukraine and EU&quot;. Neither Yanukovych is owed to him. He spoke of &quot;vital interest&quot; of Ukraine to develop economic cooperation with the EU. The country was already included in the program of the EU&#39;s neighborhood, and also wants to join the Association Agreement with the EU, which would allow her to join the European free trade zone, a its citizens visa-free travel to EU countries.
 Integration into the European political structure is not currently on the agenda or the Ukraine or the EU, although Barroso hinted that the Europeans are interested in it. No wonder if one bears in mind that Ukraine is the largest and most populous country in the neighborhood of the EU, strategically located geographically between the EU and Russia. Significantly, Mr Yanukovych has not used his stay in Brussels to visit NATO&#39;s headquarters. From Brussels with a short stay in Kiev sent to Moscow. With this symbolic sequence outlined future foreign policy orientation of balancing its mandate. 03/03/2010 - Tymoshenko coalition government fell apart before expected. First, the President announced that the parliamentary Rade Blok Yulia Timoshenko failed to collect a sufficient number of deputies&#39; signatures that would confirm that her government still enjoys the support of most MPs. Then her MPs from the majority of 243 votes (out of 450) voted no confidence.
 It was a symbolic end of the &quot;orange&quot; coalition. The vote was preceded by a brief parliamentary debate in which Mykola Azarov, heavyweight Party of Regions, accused the &quot;adventurous policy&quot; Yulia Tymoshenko for the collapse of the Ukrainian economy and for all the troubles which fell upon the earth in the last two years in sphere of social welfare and politics. &quot;The government has deliberately prevented the adoption of the budget for 2010. - He said - destroyed the system of government. Leave behind an empty state cash register. &quot;Tymoshenko has threatened to turn her and her ministers, if given a vote of no confidence, the right to leave their positions and move to the opposition. In other words, the threat of constitutional crisis, because the constitution stipulirano that the government which was voted distrust remains to lead the current business until a new election. In a statement accusing the other of his former &quot;orange&quot; partner Yushchenko is trying to ingratiate novioizabranom president to give him the mandate entrusted the prime minister.
 None of this did not help. Now, before Janukovičevom Party of Regions is hard work assembling the new majority. Although the largest parliamentary party with 171 representative, will have to find coalition partners that will give their votes to enable the passage. It will apparently be the Communist Party of Ukraine and the parliamentary bloc Voldimira Lijtvijna. But if you join still will miss at least seven deputies&#39; votes in order to reach a majority. The Constitution for the job to compose a new parliamentary majority provided for a period of 30 days, a new mandate - for now still unknown - required in the next 30 days to present his government to parliament. If in fact fails, Yanukovych will have to dissolve the Rada and call early elections, which he and his claims are, for now, trying to avoid. Most urgent tasks of the new coalition government will be drafting and vote for this budget year, which is a prerequisite for payment blocked tranche IMF loans.
 04/03/2010 - Yanukovych is expected froze its membership of the Party of Regions. Decree ordered the government to halving his salary as president, and his office to reduce the budget by 20 percent. Popular. Now, despite threats that Tymoshenko will be the whole of her government to withdraw collectively, seem to be a place, &quot;technical prime minister&quot; to the compilation of a new government coalition to take her former deputy Oleksander Turčinov. But to the interim government could not work it will take her at least thirteen &quot; technical &quot;ministers. It is not clear how and when such a government, which is the only task odrađivati current affairs, and who can make it should be formally approved. 05-06/03/2010 - Yanukovych in Moscow, met Medvedev and Putin. Exchanged a lot of nice words about the need for cooperation between the two countries and a new quality of relations. Speaking about the foreign policy of his country, Ukrainian President said that she would be &quot;non-aligned&quot;, that will both cooperate with the West and Russia.
 He reiterated Russia&#39;s interlocutors what they wanted to hear: Ukraine will not be in NATO, but will cooperate with him, to extend the agreement the Russian fleet in Sevastovolju, Ukraine is ready for talks on energy cooperation on the basis of which will reply to both the land. Putin, he suggested that the Ukraine joining Russia, Kazakhstan and Bejelorusiji in talks on joint accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO), in which Yanukovych said he would consider that question. It is important to question what is not mentioned in official releases - Ukraine requires additional billions to rise from the current economic crisis on top of IMF loans. Moscow was once offered them, but also caused by taking some ownership of certain Ukrainian industrial plants, including the pipeline network. It will probably be the focus of future negotiations. A new coalition of Yanukovych problem is that his country is in chaos.
 Do not be alone sređivati. Has yet to collect a sufficient number of parliamentary votes, put together a coalition government, the Prime Minister to find cooperative and somehow start working with them. 11/03/2010 - He managed to put together his coalition. He surprised the skeptics. &quot;It took him a little more than two weeks - writes commentator Kyiv Post - to consolidate the new parliamentary majority, setting chosen in the prime of his chair and assemble the cabinet, which suits him.&quot; Verhovna work was three days ago adopted a constitutional amendment that the government coalition can prepare a simple majority of deputies&#39; votes, rather than as now by adding exclusive vote of the parties entering into a coalition. Yanukovych signed by the amended law to parliament with 240 votes gave consent for the formation of a new government whose head is the Party of Regions, Koumunistička party and parliamentary block Litvinova . For it was voted and 16 deserters from former Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko.
 She was not in the hall, but, speaking at a protest rally in another part of Kiev, said the decision to change the procedures for assembling a coalition - &quot;unconstitutional&quot;, and such a government - &quot;illegal&quot;. She claimed that Yanukovych leads &quot;antiukrajinsku policy&quot; against which it will, together with the opposition, to fight. Submitted to the Supreme Constitutional Court application challenging the constitutionality of the new law. It did the same and President Yanukovych. Somehow, while former President Yushchenko, the corresponding questions from journalists in Lviv, their former stronghold of the election in the west, also claimed that the proceedings to form a new coalition of &quot;unconstitutional&quot; and smacked it will call the &quot;rebellion.&quot; No shot was by Timoshenko &#39;, which obviously does not forgive the former &quot;issued &quot;, claiming that all those who were with her union&quot; is always bad passing. &quot;Voting for the personnel composition of the new coalition cabinet was flowing smoothly.
 The prime ministerial chair went to the annual 62-Mikola Azarov, a formal champion and the Party of Regions leader Yanukovych Election Headquarters. This is a geologist, a former finance minister, regarded as technocrats and supporters of state economic intervention, even got two votes more than the coalition chaired. All the key portfolios, experts say Ukraine&#39;s opportunity was given to Janukovičevim Loyalists. Sergei Tigipkou, which was won third place in presidential elections and who is mentioned as a possible candidate for prime minister, was entrusted with a position of deputy prime minister. Arseny Jastenjuk, which until the last minute negotiations with Yanukovych, retired and decided to approach the opposition. Lawmakers voted for the continuation of the same session distrust Nahvaišenku Valentine, head of the National Security Service, Juščenkovom loyalists. Assessment of the Supreme Constitutional Court 12/03/2010 - Ukraine therefore has a prime minister and entire cabinet.
 It seems that with its inauguration came to an end a chaotic dvovlašću which lasted for the past five years. Azarov was Janukovičev man and two of them will work in tandem. Yanukovych receiving congratulations and a bouquet of flowers, said that his first priority would be making &quot;credible&quot; budget for 2010., Which will, he hopes, to unblock the loan from the International Monetary Fund. Business circles have already responded positively to the outcome of the presidential race and Janukovičevu victory. Since then, all stock index recorded a growth in demand. These are the two days, more jump. businesspeople need stability, which they promised to Yanukovych. spoke to the inevitable and Tymoshenko, reiterating that the new government &quot;illegal&quot; and arguing is filled oligarchs. Maybe she&#39;s right, but she relied and still rely on the opposing group of oligarchs. They like it in danger of sinking.
 Now we just expect estimates of the Supreme Constitutional Court on the legitimacy of the process of preparation of the new coalition government. Yanukovych&#39;s opponents argue that this court is corrupt and will surely support his government. 20/03/2010 - Yanukovych would, as published in Kiev, 11 April expected to travel to the United States. That would give him, after his stay in Brussels and talks with the EU and the recent visit to Moscow, was the third presidential overseas destinations. It is expected that by that date, the Supreme Constitutional Court decide that. I read in the Kyiv Post, that at the request of Azara&#39;s new prime minister&#39;s office &quot;blessed.&quot; He later claimed that the prime minister&#39;s office, &quot;breathed heavily,&quot; but that his blessings after &quot;it became easier.&quot; Probably thinks that the priests with their sacred vodicama incantation and hence expel &quot;evil spirit&quot; Tymoshenko. 30/03/2010 - Undestined president appointed an associate Sergei Soboleva, &quot;Prime Minister&#39;s opposition shadow government.&quot;
 She herself could not have been at the forefront, because it is not MPs. Sobolov has released the names of his cabinet ministers. But the problem is that, besides the three parties Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko, the other two largest opposition formations - Yushchenko and Our Ukraine People&#39;s Self-Defense Jastenukova - do not support this fictional &quot;government&quot;. 06/04/2010 - Press service of the Ukrainian Constitutional Court was informed that the judges with eleven votes to seven supported the right of individual MPs, regardless of any political formation, or belong to the present, feel free to join any parliamentary coalition. On Thursday, will be officially declaring. Requests for assessing the constitutionality of a parliamentary majority, which enabled the formation of a coalition government headed by Azarov, have separately filed Blok Yulia Tymoshenko and Party of Regions. Yanukovych president in advance that he would respect the court&#39;s decision, but if the court finds that the method of forming a coalition government unconstitutional - would call early parliamentary elections (the only regular in the fall 2012).
 08/04/2010 - Court and this decision was announced. The coalition that supports the recently elected president of Yanukovych, according to that decision - was formed legally. So as far as Ustavnig Court - Azarov and his cabinet can legally perform your job. But not in the opinion of Tymoshenko &quot;shadow government&quot;, which says the Court&#39;s decision as &quot;cynical, hypocritical and illegal&quot;! The problem is that they did not realize that the Supreme Court to decide what is legal and what is illegal, and not on them. Ukraine-US 12/04/2010 - Yanukovych, who in Washington participating in the summit on issues of nuclear weapons, he met with U.S. President. In a joint statement stresses that &quot;confirmed the strategic alliance of Ukraine and the United States, as well as commitment to work towards achieving its full potential (...) They confirmed their commitment to the Charter of Democracy, economic freedom and prosperity, security and territorial integrity, energy security, military cooperation, &quot;etc.
 Important for Ukraine - President Obama&#39;s &quot;support Ukraine&#39;s renewed cooperation with the International Monetary Fund.&quot; Having previously done in Brussels and Moscow, Yanukovych planned for trilling its foreign policy orientation, lacked even Washington. Now it is obtained. An important win for his political position in the Ukraine. In Washington, the Ukrainian president has conducted separate talks with Prime Minister of Turkey, India and Canada, met with French President Sarkozy and German Chancellor Merkel. This he was officially invited to visit Berlin. The White House welcomed the Ukraine&#39;s decision, which Mr Yanukovych was revealed at nuclear summit, that the next Summit of 2012. deliver highly-enriched uranium and its nuclear facilities inherited from the Soviet Union to adjust the low-enriched fissile material. White House spokesman said the United States &quot;last ten years trying to come to this decision,&quot; because that Ukraine has in its inventory &quot;enough highly-enriched uranium to produce several nuclear devices.&quot;
 Yanukovych Kravčukovo letter open letter addressed to former Ukrainian president Leonid Kravčuk. He was president of the Soviet (parliament) Ukrainian SSR 1991st and with his signature with Jeltsin and beloruskog counterpart signed a decision to dissolve the Soviet Union. In December the same year was elected the first president of independent Ukraine. He resigned in July 1994. His presidency was not glorious, but less catastrophic than his successor, Kuchma, who was held for two terms, and recently eliminated Yushchenko. He retired from active politics, and now, having learned from our own bitter experience, Yanukovych sent several warnings and advice. He reminded him that he would soon turn 20 years since the country gained its independence, and that did not meet the hopes of the population. Today&#39;s &quot;Ukraine is one of the poorest European countries, with highly-corrupt government and unspecified foreign policy.
 Divided by historical, political and ideological forces. Nations are not consolidated, nor its political elite. Ukraine managed immoral and fattened oligarchs clans (...) (...) The Company is divided into the haves and the have-nots. Executive power is converted into dairy cows sycophant positions. &quot;To this sad situation is primarily to blame his successor, Kuchma and Yushchenko, while Timonšenkovoj find some extenuating circumstances. It&#39;s you&quot; dear Viktor Fedorovich (...) legacy left by its predecessor. Now they needed a new approach for solving the country. &quot; However, following the first steps of a new president, Kravčuk believes that there has been &quot;a radical break&quot; with past bad practices. Reprimanded his choice of heterogeneous teams, which is compiled, that is, with the support of the problematic &quot;obedient Supreme Court, relying on the&quot; elusive parliamentary majority &quot;. This automatically voted everything the government proposes.
 Force to impose short-term solutions, regardless of later consequences. Some resorski ministers make arbitrary decisions unconstitutional. Here, as an example he cites the decision of the Minister of Education that the state can take exams not only in Ukrainian, but also in Russian language, which is considered unacceptable. But more important than these criticisms is the fact that Kravčuk with the letter &quot;dear Viktor Fedorovich,&quot; admitted his election to the position of president of the republic and provided explicit support of his election program, which you see, corrupt people as they gathered around this. The new agreement with Russia 21-22/04/2010 - Russian President Medvedev and Yanukovich in Ukraine&#39;s Kharkiv signed an agreement Wednesday that could be called historical. Ukraine will take over the next ten years the Russian gas for domestic needs at a price lower than the 30th percent of the market, and in turn pledged to extend Russia&#39;s lease fleet naval base in Sevastopol is 25th
 years after the expiration of the current contract in 2017. year. This has avoided bankruptcy Ukrainian Naftogaz and Russia had secured their native port of the Black Sea Navy. Removed two major obstacles that have been spoiled the relations between the two countries. Lower gas prices are applicable to the supplied 30 billion cubic meters (in the last year, Ukraine has accepted 36.5 billion), which means that the reduction will not apply to any additional purchases. But this is the 30th billion gas to Ukraine in the next ten years to save about $ 40 billion (though the news is not stated how much was the rent for Sevastopol, which would certainly reduce the savings). Russian Energy Minister Shmatko said that changes the current Russian-Ukrainian relations will lead to contractual adjustments to sales contracts with other European customers. Nothing is said about the project of establishing a consortium to manage and modernize the Ukrainian gas networks, which, according to election Janukovičevoj ideas should include three equal partners - Naftogaz, Gazprom and the firms from the EU.
 I suppose it is not removed from the agenda and that such talk was even discussed. The Russians have also once offered her role in the Ukrainian steel mill. Listed is the president of Belarus Lukashenko, who is Ukrainian colleagues congratulated the successful agreement with the Russians. He complained that Moscow does not pay anything for the two military bases in the region of Minsk. One part of the Russian antiraketnoga system for early warning systems, while the other provides communication with Russian submarines in the Atlantic. Belarus is also dependent on Russian gas, which has been assumed at preferential prices, but these could be even better if it agreed with Russia similar to the barter arrangement like this that it is now secure Ukraine. The parliaments of two countries, the Russian Duma and the Ukrainian Rada, the next day to ratify the gas contract. Pick up one of the leaders of Bloc Yulia Tymoshenko with the statement that according to Article 17
 ukajinskoga Constitution prohibited foreign military bases on national territory. Tymoshenko herself has called for protests against the &quot;betrayal of national interests.&quot; With criticism of the sound and former President Yushchenko, who has threatened to cancel the mandate of his hospitality, the Russian fleet. He urged his predecessors Kravčuka and Kuchma to join him in condemning the agreement. Tigipko member of the coalition government, in charge of economic reform, distanced himself from the &quot;non-transparent way&quot; in which Yanukovych was leading negotiations with the Russians, but added that from an economic point of view reached agreement &quot;makes sense&quot;. But the Party of Regions account representative with enough support, so that ratification should be performed. And public opinion is on her side. According to the published research - has the support of even 40th percent, and the Tymoshenko bloc, only 14 percent. 23/04/2010 - Mykola Azarov, the prime minister, Yanukovych was elected to succeed the head of the Party of Regions.
 Ukraine therefore has a duo-colored head of state. Azarovljeva government submitted to parliament a draft budget for 2010. Should have been filed yet by the previous government, but it was postponed pending the outcome of presidential elections. She put him and the coalition government because of uncertainty about the price of imported natural gas, which serves as the basis for the quantification of the state budget. Now the dilemma is resolved.
 