Chris Wittwer is on Facebook has published almost 6000 names and photographs of perpetrators of sexual offenses, convicted in British courts. A man by the British media have named Avenger celebrates after he had completed the database, which contains the names of even 600 sex offenders and pedophiles across the UK. Their names and photographs of&#39;&#39;revenge&#39;&#39;Chris Wittwer placed on Facebook, says he created the Largest gallery in the world. How would it took, he devoted every moment of the collection of police photographs convicted sex offenders. Nearly 18.000 people joined the to his Facebook group of the day when Wittwer began to create a vast online database two years ago. Wittwer is on Facebook 5.930 released the names and photographs of perpetrators of sexual offenses, who were convicted in British courts. - I&#39;m really proud of. It is a great postignuæe and if it helps people to recognize their environment sexual offenders who endanger their children, I did good work - said Wittwer, or else the employee in a warehouse.
 Chris Wittwer I used the reports to the police and local newspapers. No unverified information is not posted on the website. That is why I could not legally publish them. List of offenders is increasing, I cover 62 counties in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland and is constantly adding new names noted that this was a really great project, much greater than other similar sites. He added that his goal was not to create an atmosphere of linea, but rather it is to create a database that is encouraged in the national registry can see information about sexual offenders, but I can not see their pictures. Wittwer has not released any unverified information - In my list to see photos mmožete perpetrators, their names, date poèinjenja crimes and where they lived at the time poèinjenja crimes. Given that sex offenders repeat their crimes, this is an invaluable tool for parents who want to monitor your child - says Wittwer.
 The first group with the names of perpetrators, which started two years ago, was shut down by police. However, the page with the names of the perpetrators was re-launched because it is proved that the publication of information in the public domain does not violate the law. Wittwer is committed to publishing information about sexual offenders in a manner that sought information about them in newspapers and court registries. He would then compare the name of sexual offenders who had found the names published in a national registry of sex offenders. Photo Simple - I used the reports to the police and local newspapers. No unverified information is not posted on the website. That is why I could not legally publish them. List of offenders is increasing, I cover 62 counties in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland and is constantly adding new names - says Wittwer. Sex offenders wanted to attack Wittwer A story that every day receives 40 messages from people who praised his move, and many victims of sexual abuse obraæaju him for help.
 - It is hard when I obraæaju for help, because I am not a qualified adviser. The only thing I can do is advise them who to turn to - says. Apologized that he met with sexual offenders who have found it and tried to attack him because he does. - In several occasions I have followed sex offenders, but it is a danger of the profession. They do not want their names to be released, on luck, nothing more has happened - he said. Wittwer chose to run the page at a time while working as a bartender in a pub, where he learned who had abused children. He says he was shocked by these findings and horrified and wanted to do something. Proudly adds that his list of help in the search for a pedophile, who has worked in a candy store - across from the elementary school. Decided to run a page in a while he worked as a bartender in a pub, where he learned who had abused children.
 He says he was shocked by these findings and horrified and wanted to do something. Proudly adds that his list of help in the search for a pedophile, who has worked in a candy store - across from the elementary school. Some members of the group on Facebook muèiti like pedophiles - This person was on the list of sexual offenders, but not izviješæivala police about their movements. Thanks to my page, was recognized and police arrested him because he discovered that he had abused a child again. I&#39;m really pleased that I managed to cover the whole of the UK, and now I finish the remaining list of places in Scotland. Members of the group asked the Wittwer to publish the addresses of pedophiles, and some have even suggested that they are muèi. However, the Facebook leaders said they did not Wittwer did nothing wrong, in their view. - We want Facebook to be a place where people can openly discuss problems and express their views while respecting the rights and feeling of others.
 However, abuse and insults of others is against the rules of using Facebook, and all content is contrary to the rules will be removed - said one of the leaders. A spokesman for Kent Police said all the information downloaded from the Internet and sites like Facebook should be used with caution, because their accuracy can not be verified.
 