Transport eleven o&#39;clock container in which a total of 154 tons of waste visokoradioaktivnom went from the French La Hagueua Friday (5.11.), And only this Sunday (7.11.) Arrived in Lower Saxony. With the delay, transport and today should reach Gorlebena. No one from the very beginning was for sure: Transport will not pass without a problem, which is more closer to its goal, the obstacles are greater. Specifically, opponents of this transport are doing everything to prevent the placement of highly radioactive waste in the međuskladište Gorlebenu. The protesters slowing down the train as possible Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Stones against planned intermediate storage Each stage, from France and to Germany, accompanied by demonstrations. The planned arrival of the waste međuskladište on Saturday (6.11.) Was not possible because the protesters were only in Hesse led the government to halt the containers, and so a delay of eight hours.
 The municipality Morschen south of Kassel activists stopped the train for two hours. According to the police, gathered in Darmstadt, about 100 demonstrators, but the night passed quietly, however. To major uskoba between police and protesters did not come, the police only detained for a few hours some protesters who were using handcuffs attached to poles and rails. German Chancellor Angela Merkel criticized the action in Dannenberg on Saturday (6.11.), Where according to police allegations involved about 25,000 demonstrators. &quot;What seems so harmless is not a peaceful demonstration rather than a criminal offense,&quot; were the words kancelarkine. According to the initiative, &quot;Castor Schottern&quot;, which is fighting against the transport of Gorlebena morning gathered between 2500 and 3,000 demonstrators. Their intention is to set Kamanje on the rails, to prevent waste in međuskladište. The police account is a large number of demonstrators.
 Author: M. Ljubicic (dpa, AP) Re. ed: A. Subic
 