Football, Sport, World, Curiosities Wednesday, 07.07.2010. Tags: 2010 World Cup, Germany, Spain, Holland 22:43 World Cup 2010: Germany - Spain 0:1 in the final, 19th World Cup held in South Africa will play the Netherlands and Spain. Dutch coach in yesterday won another victory against Uruguay 3-2, while Spain tonight in the second semi-final played in Durban trial beat Germany 1:0. Goal scoring decision was Carles Puyol in the 73rd minute. It was a rerun of the last European Championship finals. I ended up being in Vienna. Spain has been celebrated again 1:0, but this time he did not hit Fernando Torres but Carles Puyol. It was also the third consecutive match at the World Cup in South Africa by the &quot;Fury&quot; won 1:0. Identical results were obtained Spaniards and Portugal in the quarter-finals, and Paraguay in the quarterfinals. Spaniards have never played in the finals of world championships and this is absolutely their biggest success in history.
 Until now, they could boast only a fourth place won 1950th year. Germany will be in the match for bronze medal fight against Uruguay. &quot;Elf&quot; has so far won three third places at the world championships - 1934, 1970 and 2006, while in 1958. He won fourth place. Spain has opened an amazing match with Pedro at the top of the attack, while Fernando Torres moved to the bench. Obviously, Vicente del Bosque has lost patience with the Liverpool striker and provided an opportunity for a young striker of Barcelona. In the German ranks because of yellow cards was not Thomas Mueller, and his place in the team took Piotr Trochowski. We moved cautiously on both sides, and in such a game, it&#39;s been almost whole of the first half. The Spaniards were somewhat more specific, they had two opportunities, but neither team has not decided on the risk. The first opportunity we&#39;ve seen in a six minute when Pedro pushed Villa into a promising opportunity, but Neuer was out the door, cut the corner and defended Spain&#39;s first shot gunner.
 In the 14th ubačaja minutes after Alonso&#39;s head is threatened but Puyol shot over the crossbar. In 32nd minute long-range shot was threatening Trochowski, but Casillas was ready. And that was all. Poor first half without too much passion and agility. How to play proved by the fact that Hungarian referee awarded a first offense only in the 27th minute. Neither extension has not brought greater change. Spain has countless passes harmlessly circulated around the German goal, while the &quot;elf&quot; concentrating on doubles. A bit of excitement we saw in the 58th minute when Pedro dangerously threatened, but Neuer defended, and the following action was late for Villa Iniestinu assistance. The first promising opportunity Germany had in the 64th minute when Podolski brilliantly employed Kroos, and on the first shot, but Casillas is a great reaction. Guess we finally met in the 73rd minute. Xavi scored from the corner, a great Puyol header to beat the German goalkeeper.
 In 82nd minute, Pedro had a chance to solve, but in a situation where two to one was selfish and did not employ Torres. Fortunately, the young striker his big mistake was not penalized by the end of the match and Germany failed to equalize. Germany - Spain 0:1 Durban. Moses Mabhida Stadium - 69 950 spectators; Referee: Viktor Kassai (Hungary) Scorers: 0:1 Puyol (73) Yellow Cards: - Red Cards: - Germany: Neuer - Lahm, Friedrich, Mertesacker, Boateng (from 52nd Jansen) - Trochowski (62 Kroos), Khedira (of 80 Gomez) - Schweinsteiger, Podolski, Ozil - Klose. SPAIN: Casillas - Ramos, Pique, Puyol, Capdevila - Xabi Alonso (from 89th Marchena), Xavi, Iniesta, Busquets - Pedro (from 85th David Silva), Villa (from Torres 80th) (H)
 