Coordinates: 44 ° -52 ° north latitude, 22 ° -40 ° IGD Ukraine Flag of Ukraine Coat buzz: No anthem is not vmerla Ukraine capital Kiev official language of the Ukrainian President, Viktor Yanukovych Prime Minister: Mykola Azarov Independence: the collapse of Soviet Union 24th August 1991. Area - Total 603,628 km ² (45th) - Water (%) 7% Population - 2008. 46.1437 million (27th) - Density 76/km ² Currency hryvnia (100 kopijka) Time zone UTC +2 and +3 level domain. Ua Area code +380 Ukraine Ukraine (Ukrainian: Ukraine), is a country in Eastern Europe. It borders Russia to the northeast, Belarus to the north, Poland, Slovakia and Hungary to the west, Romania and Moldova to the southwest and the south exit to the Black Sea and Azov Sea. The territory of present-day Ukraine was the center istočnoslovenske culture in the Middle Ages, before it was divided between the various forces, such as Russia, Poland, Lithuania, Austrian Empire and the Ottoman Empire.
 A short period of independence (1917-1921) after the October Revolution in 1917, completed by the inclusion of Ukraine in the Soviet Union 1922nd (Ukrainian SSR). The current boundaries of the republic were established 1954th Ukraine gained independence after the collapse of the Soviet Union, 1991. Contents [edit] Etymology The word Ukraine is a Slavic origin and originally meant what we today call late, earth, space, Giulia. Most likely the word comes from the Indo-European roots.
 (S) krei-(to separate, to cut). Some linguists believe that the word can be interpreted as &quot;the farthest place&quot; or &quot;border region&quot;, while others question relate to &quot;native land&quot; or &quot;Self, their country.&quot; The first time the name of Ukraine is mentioned 1187th Letopis in Kiev, where the author writes about the death of Prince perejaslovskog. (&quot;I wept for him, all Perejaslavci and because it is in black and Ukraine informed). Since then, the name will often appear in other of the Chronicle in which the word usually mark the border of the countries opposing the state in the center of Kiev. Mid 16th century the name Ukraine appeared in foreign sources. Thus, in a letter addressed to the Turkish Sultan Suleiman the Polish King Sigismund 1564th term Ukraine. Also from the 16th century onwards, the name of Ukraine is exclusively used in the meaning of a country or a country inhabited by Ukrainians. The name Ukraine was also recorded the European geographical maps from 1650, 1666, 1720 etc.
 years. Using this term in geography, is fully fit state in the nation, among whom the term was very extended, while it is evident to us many songs dedicated to events from 16 to 18 century. Since then the name of a very extended, despite the tendency of Russian and Polish authorities have suggested other names, and even prohibit the use of names of Ukraine, as was the case with Imperial Russia in the 19th century. [Edit] Geography Sea Crimean place Gazprom, southern Ukraine Ukraine on land adjacent to 7 European countries with a total border length of 4663 km: with Russia (1,576 km), Belarus (891 km), Poland (526 km), Slovakia ( 97 km), Hungary (103 km), Romania (531 km) and Moldova (939 km). Ukraine is characterized by a variety of geographic and climatic conditions. The central part occupied by steppes interrupted by low plains and basins of rivers, particularly the lowlands and highlands of the river Dnieper.
 To the north of Ukraine, Belarus share Pripjat river swamps. The southern part includes the coastal plains along the Black Sea and Azov Sea, length is 2782 km. Eastern Ukraine is made up of the river from left Donec Srednjoruske the western edge of the hill. The most important feature of the beautiful mountains of western Ukrainian Carpathians Goverlja with the highest peak (2061 m). Crimea peninsula on the south, which forms a separate geographical unit, characterized by a Mediterranean climate. In the Crimean mountains, the highest peak of the Roman-Basket (1,545 m). The most important rivers are Dnieper and Dniester, which flow from north to south and flow into the Black Sea. Ukraine given its size of 603.7 thousand km, and its strategic location at the eastern entrance into Europe, but also at the entrance to the center of Europe, represents a political and economic exceptionally important state. Abundant high-quality black soil that stretches over more than 58% of agricultural arable land (the size of the entire Polish).
 Forests in Ukraine occupy 18% and are generally characteristic of Karapte and northwestern parts of the country. Ukraine is rich in water resources. Almost the entire country is washed by streams of smaller rivers discharging into the seven main rivers: Desna, Dnieper, Dniester, Danube, Pripjat, Donec and Southern Bug. In the country there are sufficient sources of natural resources, in particular: Železna ore, manganese, natural gas, oil, salt, sulfur, graphite, titanium, magnesium, kaolin, nickel, mercury, timber, oil and other resources. Some sources are not at the stage of exploitation, and some sources potrebnijih natural resources like natural gas and oil are just a phase of discovery, especially those located along the Black Sea. [Edit] History For more information, see the history of Ukraine, the first man of the settled area of today&#39;s Ukraine before almost 300,000 years. Tripiljska cultures (IV-III century BC, Bronze Age), is considered one of the oldest cultures whose traces are spread all over today&#39;s southwestern Ukraine.
 Culture is the name of the village tripiljskom Tripilja where the 1890th discovered and excavated the site. Tripiljci they grew grain, made clay pottery and bits which are processed wood and stone. Tripiljska culture is considered the pinnacle of development of the Neolithic agricultural and livestock tribes on European soil. Around 1500. BC in what is now Ukraine appeared nomadic tribes. One of these tribes were Kimerijci (IX-VIII century BC), which has remained a trace in written sources. A famous tribe did not write only in Homer&#39;s Odyssey, but also well-known ancient authors such as Herodotus, Kalimaha, Strabo. Kimerijci occupied significant space between the Dniester and Don and settled the Crimean Peninsula. It is believed they are descendants of ancient Iranian nomadic tribe, genetically close to the Scythians, and it was the Scythians, Iranian nomadic tribe from Central Asia, in the seventh century BC, managed to suppress Kimerijce from today the Ukrainian steppes.
 Somehow, at that same time, the Greeks began with the founding of the first colony on the northern shores of the Black Sea. Scythians founded a powerful state and ruled the area until about 200 BC, while there is not expelled another nomadic tribe - Sarmatians. On the borders II and III century AD passing through Ukraine put the Germanic tribes the Goths. They 375th Winning the Asian tribe of Huns. They soon after created a powerful state which stretched between the Don and the Carpathians. On her forehead was Attila (died 451st), but after several defeats in clashes with the Romans and their allies, the government loses power and falls apart. Pradomovina Slavs no generally accepted territory. The first records of the Slavs encountered by Roman authors (I-II century), Pliny the Elder, Tacitus, Ptolemy, where Slavs called Venedima or Veneta. Ethnonym ie name of Slovenia is the first time meets the vizantskih author. According to some sources, the Slavs were already in the sixth century, divided into three major groups: Venedi (Vistula), Anti (Dnieper) and Slavs or Sklavini (Danube).
 Most historians consider migration of tribes and Anta Sklavina early formation of separate Slavic nation and therefore the Ukrainian people. The last great migration of peoples in the territory of Ukraine were those Bulgarians and Hungarians, but at that time was already enthroned one of the largest and most powerful European state - Kievan Russia. [Edit] Administrative division Political map of Ukraine Ukraine is divided into 24 administrative units called regions, one autonomous republic, and two cities with special status. The areas are divided into smaller units called districts. Most of Ukraine is the area referred to by the regional center (eg lion&#39;s area). In addition, it is traditionally the root word district center of the suffix-Scinà-and thus incurred the traditional names such as Odeščina, Kijevščina. Only Volinjska and Zakarpatska area with seats in Uzhhorod Luck and do not adhere to the root.
  The national minorities are the most numerous Russians 17.3%, behind which followed Ruthenians (Zakarpatska area) about 0.9%. It is important to note that the official Ukrainian government does not recognize the Rusyns as a separate nation, but as part of Ukrainian ethnos, and their Ruthenian, Ukrainian dialect. In Croatia and Serbia (the territory of AP Vojvodina), Ruthenians are recognized as national minorities. Of the other minorities are present, Romanians and Moldovans (0.8%), Belarus (0.6%), Crimean Tatars (0.5%), Bulgarians (0.4%), Hungarians, Poles (0.4%), Jews (0.3%) and Roma. [Edit] Language For more information, see Ukrainian language Ukrainian language map the distribution of official language in Ukraine is Ukrainian, although knowledge of Russian language is very important to the cultural and the economic plan. Ukrainian is spoken by about 55% and 45% of Russia&#39;s population (about 67.5% of the population is considered Ukrainian their native language, while Russian is considered 29.6% of the population, census 2001).
 The literary Ukrainian is spoken in western Ukraine, the most in Lviv. Russian is prevalent in central Ukraine and big cities (Kyiv, Odesa), while Surzhyk (a mixture of Ukrainian and Russian, characterized by the use of phonetics and grammar of Ukrainian and Russian vocabulary) is widespread in rural areas and smaller cities. Eastern Ukraine is under strong Russian influence, and there with a high percentage of Russian language prevails. In Crimea, Ukrainian is almost absent, despite attempts by his introduction as the only permissible language in administration, media and advertising. Number of students who are studying the Russian language has declined in the last 10 years (from 41% to 24%). However, many Ukrainian city schools are de facto ruskojezične, especially in the east and south of the country. Russian remains the international language of communication for many Ukrainians and the language that is understood throughout Ukraine.
  year. Retrieved from &quot;http://sr.wikipedia.org/sr-el/% D0% A3% D0% BA% D1% 80% D0% B0% D1% 98% D0% B8% D0% BD% D0% B0&quot; Categories: Countries in Europe · Ukraine degrees East Europe Hidden categories: Articles that lack sources · Selected articles on an.viki · Selected articles on es.viki · Selected articles on hr.viki
 