In this paragraph do not agree to Westminster and Archbishop Vincent Nichols Archbishop of Vienna Christoph Schonborn, but the public is somewhat divided. - To find the causes of pedophilia among the clergy, must be reviewed and the problem of celibacy - said the Vienna Archbishop Christoph Schonborn. I aroused shock over the believer and the Church. Following recent media reports about pedophilia in the ranks of the Church, and the data came out in Croatia, where they recorded two such cases. Pastor with Rab was convicted of indecent assaults against boys, and another priest for abuse of girls received only a suspended sentence. He is known for the shock that caused the detection of abuse in Ireland, but also a reaction to the words of Dublin&#39;s Cardinal Sean Brady who is faithful to the words obratip apologies from which to read given that he knew about it, but did not act in accordance with the principles. Irish, the letter addressed to Pope Benedict XVI is the first such document in history that a Pope addressed the faithful in connection with the shocking facts about pedophilia within the church ranks.
 Hundreds of abused, Ireland, Germany ... Is all blame celibacy? Celibacy as a norm of the clergy of the Catholic Church introduced by Pope Gregory the seventh in the 11 century and to this day remains the subject of much criticism. However, many policies do not hold. It has been reported even in a country of, now former priests who have left the ranks of the Church in order to be lawful husbands and fathers to acknowledge their children, conceived during their service. However, many also never left the Church and for their children cared for in secret. Somewhat secret. However, in such cases there is no question of violation of laws and abusive acts. To find the causes of pedophilia among the clergy, one must examine the issue of celibacy in Vienna Archbishop Christoph Schonborn Many experts believe the connection between celibacy and pedophilia there. But disguise of condemning. For example, in Ireland it is about 70 years of systematic abuse.
 In the U.S. it comes to bankruptcies archdiocese, which they found themselves in this situation due to payments for covering up. They are mostly dealt with cases of pedophilia by priests with a disturbed mind, simply move to another parish. However, there is no correlation between the statistics of pedophilia and celibacy, said the week before the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Westminster, champion of the church in England, ahead of the expected pastoral letter by Pope Benedict XVI sent the Irish faithful. Monsignor Vincent Nichols, Archbishop of Westminster and Wales, told the BBC that although the scandalous, the cases of pedophilia among the clergy are not more frequent than in the rest of society. &#39;&#39;There is no statistical correlation between pedophilia and celibacy in the life&#39;&#39;- The vast majority of cases of pedophilia taking place within a family where people are celibate - said the president of the Bishops&#39; Conference of England and Wales. - There is no statistical correlation between pedophilia and celibacy in life - he added.
 The Archbishop believes that to create a false impression of a very widespread phenomenon of pedophilia among the clergy because it is a case in the past 40 years that have been disclosed recently. - The level of sexual abuse in the church is lower than in the rest of society. What is scandalous in the church has lost confidence level - he added. But just a month after the Vatican condemned the abuse of children in Ireland, and the Pope addressed the Irish faithful, yet is equally grandiloquent title broke out in the media worldwide. Namely, Vatican officials, including Pope Benedict XVI refused to punish a priest Lawrence C. Murphy who was sexually abused more than 200 deaf boys. Prescribing punishment is rejected even though the American bishops repeatedly sought a sentence and warned of the failure. Pope Benedict XVI held the most important to protect the church from the outbreak of scandals in American public leaders of the bishops of the Catholic Church sent a warning that indifference to the abuse could have caused embarrassment to the Church.
 All this is stated in the newly discovered documents that will serve as part of lawsuits against the church in cases of abuse. The vast majority of cases of pedophilia taking place within the family where men are not celibate, Monsignor Vincent Nichols It has been reported that internal correspondence between the bishops of the State of Wisconsin, and Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger reveals that the priests insisted that the abuser should be punished, but because the pope is considered the most important to protect the church from the outbreak of the scandal in public. Document of indifference to the abuse he saw a light at the very moment when the Pope is fighting numerous charges that he and his direct subordinates repeatedly refused to sign the civil authorities and police abuse cases in Germany where Pope served as Archbishop. The case of the priest is just one of thousands of cases that the abuse of minors by church officials reported the names of the office of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith at the Vatican, which since 1981.
 until 2005. was led by Cardinal Ratzinger. It remains one of the domains that office deciding on the punishment of abusers and the transfers the case to a canonical trial. Is the Catholic Church is under greater scrutiny, or indeed celibacy causes stronger expression of sexual disorders? According to a report released in late November, officials from the Archdiocese of Dublin, in Ireland, most importantly, conceal the sexual abuse of priests from the region spent over hundreds of children over several decades. Is the Catholic Church is under greater scrutiny, or indeed celibacy causes stronger expression of sexual disorders with which someone is born, is a question that may forever remain unclear. Partly due to the fact that it is almost impossible for such a thing without a doubt say that substantiated the evidence of a stronger psychological attitudes, but partly also because of the closeness to the Church in their ranks there is a significant investigation, let alone those provođenih from someone &#39;outside&#39;.
 Layer by layer, it will only be more data raotkrivati, which will be the ultimate score of investigations once the ball began to consider religious pedophilia can not even guess. Only fear. Recent news: Older news:&gt;
 