&quot;The Croatian economy in the coming period will remain vulnerable, primarily because of the bulky, nereformiranog public sector exposure to exchange rate risks,&quot; it said in the May Regional economic forecasts for countries where the EBRD operates, which was unveiled on Saturday, and commented chief economist of the EBRD Erik Berglof. In new forecasts for the region, was also reduced this year&#39;s estimate of growth of the Croatian GDP at 0.3 percent, while the estimate in January was an increase of 0.6 percent. According to projections by the EBRD, GDP growth in 2011. should amount to 1.8 percent. Forecasts economic trends in countries where the EBRD operates Berglof As noted, in most transition countries of Eastern Europe began out of a recession, but he will remain in the coming period of uneven and slow in comparison to emerging markets in other parts of the world. However, in the new edition of the EBRD&#39;s economic outlook for Eastern European economies lifted the average growth estimate to 3.7 percent from 3.3 percent in January.
 The revised data reflect the increased growth forecast in 2010. in the largest economies in the region, primarily in Russia, which is an estimate of GDP growth raised from 3.9 to 4.4 percent in Turkey, where the forecast growth improved from 4.7 to 5.9 percent. Forecasts of growth in the region, such as Romania and Bulgaria, were revised downward. In Romania, the estimated GDP growth this year reduced to zero, whereas in the earlier forecast of growth was 1.3 percent, while Bulgaria is forecast down to zero to minus 1.2 percent. According Berglöfovim words, the recession&#39;s hardest hit by the Baltic region, Central Europe is due to the positive impact of Polish went relatively well, whereas south-east Europe in the middle. The reason for the expected slow recovery of regional economies, their dependence on the European Union as the main export market, source of foreign direct investment and capital inflows, says Berglof.
 As another reason, chief economist of the EBRD says a significant economic slowdown in European transition countries, and therefore coping with high unemployment rates and a fall in domestic demand. Furthermore, the slower recovery in the region affected by the decline in lending because of the perception of higher risks and problems of non-performing loans. &quot;Greek crisis intensified external risks in Southeast Europe, but in the wider region, which is very worrying. The effects of the crisis has increased the exposure of these countries, significant external risks because they were before the crisis, neglecting problems of underdevelopment and lack of competitiveness of capital markets,&quot; said Chief Economist, EBRD -a. So the countries in the region of the necessity of creating a competitive economy and ensuring a stable macroeconomic framework, growth is more reliant on domestic monetary market as well as &#39;dedolarizaciju&#39; and &#39;deeurizaciju&#39;. &quot;The integration of the economic trends of the European Union should be accompanied by a significant increase in labor costs because it threatens repetition of the Greek and Spanish scenarios,&quot; he warned Berglof.
 In support of recovery in the region EBRD will work together with other international financial institutions, particularly the IMF and the European Commission, concluded the chief economist of the EBRD. Read also this story: Erik Berglof to the Bank: The crisis has revealed all the economic imbalance
 