Taliban representatives and Afghan government of President Hamid Karzai began secret negotiations at a high level of the war, reported Wednesday in The Washington Post calling on the Afghan and Arab sources. Negotiations followed previous unsuccessful meetings between the two sides, hosted by Saudi Arabia, who finished more than a year ago. While emphasize the preliminary nature of current discussions, sources say they believe the first time that Taliban representatives fully authorized to speak for queto Shure, an organization of Afghan Taliban based in Pakistan, and its leader Mullah Mohammad Omar. &quot;They are very, very serious&quot; in the talks, said the Taliban a source close to the talks. Although Omarova representatives previously publicly insisted that negotiations were impossible until all foreign troops do not withdraw, sources say that the Shura queto began to negotiate a comprehensive agreement that will include the participation of Taliban representatives in the government and the withdrawal of U.S. and NATO forces, according to the agreed schedule.
 The current Taliban leadership knows &quot;that will soon be marginalized,&quot; the source said. &quot;They know that the more radical elements of progress in their ranks and that are beyond their control ... All these things are convinced that, despite the success in the war, not in the winning position,&quot; explained the source of motivation Taliban for peace talks. Several sources said that talks with queto Shure does not include representatives of groups Hakan, protalibanske factions in Paktia province, which U.S. intelligence agencies are considered particularly fierce and that drone attack in northwestern Pakistan. Hakan groups considered to be more connected with the Pakistani intelligence agency ISI of queto Shure, headquartered in the southwestern province Balučistanu. However, an Afghan source said that Pakistan insisted on a central role in negotiations, making it difficult to talk queto Shuri. Afghan, Arab and European sources, cited by the Post, say they see some change in mood toward the administration&#39;s full support to the negotiations.
 Although President Barack Obama and his team of national security has long been saying that the war can not be obtained only through military means, the sources say that the U.S. administration has only recently become open to talks. U.S. officials say it is time for real negotiations are only now arrived. Although the revision of U.S. strategy in autumn 2009. concluded that the defeat of the Taliban unrealistic goal, this year the focus was on shifting reinforcements to Afghanistan, said a senior administration official for the Post. However, the reinforcements are not made expected progress in the field, highlights list. The Afghan government also has positioned itself for serious talks, through an international conference in January and July, the convening of the &quot;peace Jirga (tribal council) in Kabul last week and the appointment of an official government team for reconciliation. The U.S. administration is under pressure to show progress in bringing the end of the war, before Obama&#39;s deadline to begin withdrawing troops in July 2011th, says Post.
 &quot;We all agree that this is a critical year in Afghanistan,&quot; said Staffan de Mistura, top UN representative in Afghanistan, last week at a meeting of the International Peace Institute in New York. &quot;There is no military solution. ... This we all know the Taliban to know. And there is only one format for the months to come, and that the political dialogue, reconciliation and agreement,&quot; he added. Possible barriers to peace talks said it recovered the opposition Northern Alliance, who in 2001. overthrew the Taliban with U.S. help, and the division of the Taliban in &quot;several groups&quot;. De Mistura and the European partners of the United States, according to Hina, Obama urged the administration to engage more strongly with other countries in the region, including Russia, India and Iran, so that they become part of the negotiated solution in Afghanistan. (Fena) Tags Tweet Share Views: 56 Comments (0) Post Comment You must be logged in to post a comment.
 Please register if you do not have an account.
 