Buenos Aires, the capital of Argentina, a cosmopolitan capital that will delight you with a combination of Europe&#39;s &quot;tricks&quot; and the Latin temperament. The broad avenues, old-fashioned saloons, ultra-modern office buildings, excellent restaurants and beautiful residential neighborhoods characterized by this interesting city: Avenida 9 de Julio is the widest avenue in the world, and La Recoleta district, popularly called &quot;the little Paris&quot;, the art district Telmo delight traditional restaurants, clubs and vibrant colors. There must try asado, beef served with various sauces, most notably chimichurri (a mixture of herbs and chili), and different kinds of stews such as Kurian and Locri, and the national sweet dulce de leche, which is reminiscent of caramel syrup, but slightly thicker and placed in almost all sweetened foods - from cakes and pancakes to ice cream, pudding and sweet rolls. Dance, song, beach ...
 In Argentina, you must not miss the spectacular Iguacu waterfalls in the same national park, on the border between Argentina and Brazil. Wooden bridges will take you to the demons crater, the largest and most beautiful waterfall surrounded by a real jungle with tropical birds. This national park is considered one of the most beautiful landscapes in South America and the destination is really worth a visit. Brazil is a country full of contradictions. Megalopolises like Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro slums favelas, multicultural population, beautiful beaches and excellent gastronomy and culture carnival of luxurious and very friendly people are the reasons why this country is easily drawn under the skin. In Rio de Janeiro you&#39;ll feel every step of the famous &quot;Joy de vivre&quot; or the joy of life - dance, song, beach, sport and sun are the elixirs of life of the firearm. To experience all the splendor of Rio, climb to the top of Corcovado rocks and enjoy the panorama.
 Right there is 30 feet high statue of Jesus the Redeemer, a symbol of Rio de Janeiro. From there you can embark on a tour of the city and the train ride during which you will meet the Cosme Velho, one of the most beautiful neighborhoods and well-known Sambodrom, a sort of open-air stage where it maintains the world&#39;s most popular carnival parade. Being a fashion center of the continent in Rio, a visit to its famous beach is simply impossible. Ipanema in 1960. acquired a reputation most famous fashion city in South America, there are a number of Brazilian designer shops, a lively market on Fridays and food and flowers. However, the most famous beach is Copacabana, which was till 1892. , when dug a tunnel Velho, the mountains were completely separated from the city. The opening of the neoclassical hotel Copacabana Palace 1923rd The Rio has begun to attract well-known Hollywood stars and pretend Copacabana in an elite destination.
 Today she is one of the most famous beaches in the world, but the role najmondenijih beach in Rio de Janeiro have taken the Ipanema and Leblon. Source: Jutarnji.hr, B92
 