- We are not policymakers, we&#39;re just a megaphone - said the popular actor about the fact that his arrival in the White House has attracted more journalists and photographers, but I guess the last ten statesmen who came into the building at Pennsylvania Avenue 1600th And the fact that he&#39;s &quot;megaphone that gets around,&quot; Clooney said he decided to take the president and Republican Senator Dick Lugar of Indiana, head of Committee on Foreign Affairs, to present arguments in support of U.S. efforts for a peaceful and free elections a referendum on the independence of southern Sudan who should be held 9th January - What we have found there are people who are determined not to budge. Will vote for their independence and are willing to die for her. Any person to the last, from school children to elderly people, all say they will fight and die to the next generation was free. A recent visit to Sudan was not the first Clooneyjev stay in the war and genocide rastrzanoj country, there was 2006th
 colleague Don Cheadle, and because of his activities, for aid to Africa by the United Nations 2008th appointed ambassador of peace. However, it did not matter that Clooney at last visit, and pushes the nose where uenovci considered not to be, and are even at one point and eliminated the armed escort. Thus, this Oscar winner, who would be nice to have a drink martinis in his villa on Lake Como in the company of their beautiful Italian girlfriends, instead, put your head in a bag for all sorts of errant darfurskim &quot;hijenojebinama&quot; the real possibility to fit on a callus local warlords &quot;the first izrešeta from Kalashnikov and ask questions later. And all just because of his fame and reputation of the White House opened the door, through which was passed after the last visit and he immediately reported Obama, and because many more people will listen to the presentation of the difficulties and needs of people in Darfur from the mouth of George Clooney than an anonymous benefactor.
 - We have some 90 days before we are again faced with disaster. Here we must point out that this has two sides, but we are prepared to support what can be done through diplomatic channels. It is the only thing in Washington from which no real political issue, and left and right sides are determined to defend the defenseless - Clooney said about the fact that he listened to a democratic president and a leading Republican senator, and mentioned the fact that the United States in the war-divided State invests about a billion dollars a year. - And if we do something now, it will not cost us a penny extra cost. We do not have to give even one American life. John Pendergast, who was with Clooney co-founded an organization to stop the genocide &quot;Enough&quot; and is a popular actor spent more time in Sudan, he repeated a warning that the two were put on the website of Enough - a short time we opened up the opportunity to do something which is rarely done: stop the war before it starts.
 But if the international community is too reluctant or late in their efforts, as was the case in Darfur, the dead could be hundreds of thousands. Last war between north and south Sudan ended with the peace process which is led by the United States, but before that the lives lost two and a half million men, women and children.
 