Israeli commandos were stopped at night on Monday with a fleet of six ships that were trying to break Israel&#39;s blockade of Gaza and deliver several thousand tons of humanitarian aid in killing twenty people and injured about forty. The convoy, led by a Turkish ship with 600 people, started the day before in Cyprus, which is located 400 kilometers from the Gaza Strip, Reuters recalled. Israel has already been warned that the convoy be stopped because it was assessed as a provocation, but this is obviously not the most serious warning to understand. REUTERS News of the Israeli attack on a convoy on Monday sparked an avalanche of protests over the country with a significant proportion of the Muslim population of Sarajevo, via Turkey to Egypt. The Israeli army used a helicopter to be boarded on ships, and the action was carried out during the night about sixty miles from the coast in international waters.
 Israeli government spokesman Mark Ragev said that the Israeli soldiers against the &quot;humanitarians&quot; used firearms, knives and sticks. Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Daniel Ayalon blamed the organizers of the convoy for the violence, saying that it is about people who are known to be linked to terrorist organizations. Weapons on board? &quot;Armada of hatred and violence in support of the terrorist organization Hamas in advance is heinous and deliberate provocation. They are well-known connections with the organizers of the global jihad, Al-Qaeda and Hamas, and already known for their deadly terrorism and weapons smuggling. On board we find the weapons, pre-prepared to fight our troops. Intentions and methods of the organizers were forced to the outcome of all is, unfortunately, any violence. Israel regrets any loss of life and did everything that this will not come, &quot;said Ayalon. A spokesman for the organization that began a humanitarian mission, &quot;the free movement of Gaza,&quot; Audrey BOMs told the BBC that Israel apply disproportionate force situation, and that participants in the convoy did not intend to provide any violent resistance.
 Dean of the Faculty of Political Science Dr. Vlatko Cvrtila argues that since this incident could benefit both parties in a multi-year conflict. &quot;Israel will now be deprived of months of pressure for a more permanent resolution of the problem of Palestinian territories, while the Palestinian side in this way drew the international public, who are horrified by the fact that a humanitarian convoy was attacked,&quot; believes Dr. Cvrtila. &quot;It&#39;s true, we should first assess all the facts regarding this incident, whether it occurred inside or outside of international waters, as well as the right of a State to act as Israel acted, even if it is an attack that occurred within its territorial waters . As you know, Israel has been conducting naval blockade on the Gaza Strip to prevent the importation of weapons and techniques, a question that arises is whether the uncontrolled development of the event or incident of any preconceived one or the other.
 The pressures to ease policy are particularly strong on Israel, but Hamas and the other side, &quot;recalls Cvrtila, adding that now some more time to discuss the incident but on a more permanent turn in the relationship. &quot;Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu was supposed to meet on Monday with President Obama, but that visit was postponed due to new circumstances, as Netanyahu spared embarrassment because of clear requirements that the U.S. is set before the Israelites,&quot; says Cvrtila. AFP PHOTO Diplomatic consultations Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas strongly condemned the Israeli action, describing it as a massacre. The European Union has demanded a full investigation to determine what happened. EU High Representative for Foreign Policy Kathrin Ashton said that Israel should immediately open Gaza Strip border. Turkey also protested, and the government in Ankara has called on the Israeli ambassador to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to explain the action of their country.
 The main organizer of the fleet of ships carrying aid to Gaza was a Turkish charity. Greece, however, withdrew in protest of the planned joint military exercises with Israel. Israel and Egypt introduced a blockade against the Gaza Strip 2007th , when the Islamist movement Hamas took power. Israel says it every week to issue permission for the delivery of approximately 15,000 tons of humanitarian aid into Gaza. UN officials however say that it is less than a quarter of the total needed help. REPORT Editorial Handbook: I&#39;m sorry people are left without help film director Jakov Sedlar often work in Israel, which is considered a &quot;second home&quot;: &quot;My first reaction was pity the people who will be left without assistance. However, I have spent much time in Israel and I am accustomed to at least two different interpretations of the same event. If everything had been previously agreed upon by all three parties (Turkey, the Palestinians, Israel), under UN auspices, to see who has violated the agreement.
 My experience says that Israel used force only when you are forced to. &quot; Cvrtila: Turkey &#39;bombs&#39; &quot;In the U.S., are important to countries like reactions, primarily Turkey, and Egypt and Jordan, which Israel had good relations and acting constructively and stabilizing. Radicalization of neighboring temperate countries such as Turkey and the release of their citizens on the street is going to be a very thankless situation. The question is whether to accept any new agreement because of the conflict there is no clear, as we like to call &quot;win-win &#39;situation, since the conflict marked a bunch of irrational elements that make it difficult to understand and achieve some sort of rational solution.&quot; Two truths about a disaster High UN Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay said she was shocked by the attack of Israel on a humanitarian convoy. Israeli Industry Minister Ben Eliezer expressed regret over the casualties, adding that the soldiers reacted violently because they are welcomed - with axes and knives.
 &quot;I hope that the Israeli Arabs to respond reasonably,&quot; Eliezer said, referring to the 1.2 million Arabs living in Israel.
 