If someone says that the EU will never accept Turkey as a member only because of Islam - shamelessly lying. Undoubtedly, this is not a negligible factor, but it is much more important are economic reasons for color. Consider them. 1st Danke Deutschland - BUT KNOW WHERE IS THE PLACE WHERE to Turkey with its 75 million inhabitants and an accelerated rate of population growth quickly surpassed Germany (80 million), which suffers from the weakness typical of developed Western societies: the aging population and reduction of non-displaced young workforce. Turkey, however, and its Middle Eastern neighbors, particularly Iran, is characterized by a high percentage of working-age young people. Turkey is a huge market, GDP is growing double-digit rates, a stable and growing per capita income. This dynamic market is a threat not only to Germany, which fears that Turkey would undermine its primacy, but in some southern European countries. Why did Portugal and Spain only nominally supported Turkey&#39;s entry into the EU? 2nd
 FRUITS OF THE EARTH Turkey as a Mediterranean country produces food very similar to that which comes from the Iberian Peninsula. Turkish farmers produce large quantities of food, grown citrus fruits, fish, skillfully sell &quot;copies&quot; of the Western industrial chocolate to lure tourists enchanting scents spiced meat. It is generally known that the Turkish food tasty and relatively - cheap. The reason for concern to European farmers. Competition from Turkey would result in severe dumping prices of their products. 3rd SARKOZYEV NON True, French and German opposition to Turkish membership has to do with the fact that 99% of the country&#39;s Muslim religion, but more has to do with fear of prilijeva new immigrants. France is a country with the highest percentage of Muslim immigrants (about 5 million legal immigrants from the Maghreb). The inflow of new guest workers and workers from one country would be much higher than now, and the German government (rightly) colors impact on the social system.
 Speaking of work, and workers arrive to the following factors and the opposition to the EU, and it&#39;s cheap labor. So close, so cheap. 4th NEW EUROPEAN Sweatshop availability and price of labor at the very doorstep of Europe (and many continue to debate whether Turkey geographic &quot;threshold&quot; of Europe and it suddenly ends somewhere on the Bosporus) means that China will have a competitor and that is what is conveniently called in English &quot;sweatshops&quot;, and lack of adequate Croatian translation, let&#39;s call them &quot;factory drudgery and exhaustion.&quot; True, such a situation would favor the multinationals to bring their production facilities promptly moved to Turkey, but not the smaller member states that now, because of cheap labor, raise the general level of unemployment and enjoy the benefits of the single market. This particularly applies to Slovakia, which experienced a boom industry of auto parts. 5th EXTERNAL RELATIONS Cyprus über alles.
 Written by well known and clear. Turkey has so far opened only one port of Cypriot ships. EU leaders have repeatedly mentioned Cyprus as a conditio sine qua non for entry into the EU. However, the point is minor in comparison with the above economic reasons. Consensus were achieved, and about a lot of problematic things, so I believe that would be about this and found an arbitration body to crush Turkish resistance. So, shut violation, although problematic. In addition, Nicosia (along with Jerusalem, Beirut, Belfast and Mostar) is a textbook example of the divided city where the writing of the book (Divided Cities, by Jon Calame and Esther Charlesworth). Armenia. Turkey has not recognized the genocide of the Catholic population of Armenian descent in 1915. year. Sad but true - a violation of human rights in Turkey is not negligible, but if the bricks are stacked to the economic fall, I guess this would be solved somehow. Public apology, choking few protests and there.
 Sound familiar? NATO and the United States. Long sleeve pair. U.S. is one of the most ardent promoters of the entry of Turkey into the EU for the simple reason, because Turkey is an important military powers - the second largest in NATO. The United States has a substantial number of military bases in Turkey which seek to increase that to them is an important &quot;right&quot; slope of Turkey to the West. Perhaps this is one reason why the United Kingdom, on account of his mother across the ocean, advocating Turkey&#39;s entry into the EU much louder than the other members. 6th Human rights, women, minorities, religion and other liberties Women&#39;s rights: a noticeable shift is determined, but implementation is still slow. Minority status: bad, especially when it comes to the unfortunate Kurds. There are frequent clashes with ruthless &quot;enemies of the regime&quot; who speak out critically about the Turkish authorities and are not rare and the threat of pogroms (Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk) undesirable or even murder (Armenian journalist Hrant Dink was killed after he promoted the rights of the Armenian minority in Turkey).
 7th SAMA A TURKEY? There is a lack of political will of the Turks themselves to implement the necessary reforms (primarily economic). From back in 1987. when it submitted its application for membership, only a single negotiating chapters were opened and closed and it is one of the mildest (science and research). Tithing is an extremely challenging sections marked (freedom of movement for workers, financial services, agriculture and rural development, food security, environmental protection, etc.). If you travel across this great country, you can see two of Turkey, clearly marked with the cultural, economic, and even geological boundary. One is a global, commercial, open, we would say Europe, its capital is Istanbul, the new home of the Turkish elite. The border extends some 300-400 km south-east and goes back to Ankara, which is a natural dividing line. How goes back into the interior of the peninsula, starting another world. Finally, dotaknusmo questions the importance of Islam in modern Turkey.
 Turkey is a long time, all of Atatürkovih reforms sought to build a strong secular state whose secular military establishment maintained. Islam has always had a special place in the Turkish statehood, but the Constitution of the civic association and the stresses the Turkish nation. After the arrival of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan to power and his party &quot;Justice and Development (AK) and, thereafter, Abdullah Gul to the presidency, the dominant political currents in Turkey can be described as conservative and nationalistic, but fully committed to Turkey&#39;s entry into the Euro-integrations . But on the other hand, here is a visible internal division of the Turkish state. Most people will remember for Gul&#39;s rise to power by the controversy sparked by his wife who decided to cover the head scarf in public, despite strong pressure from its opponents. It is this traditional conflict between Turkey and those new, young, which depends on trade and global integration aims to why authorities were so slow in implementing reforms.
 Because, really, 1987. was long ago, and negotiations have officially begun the same day that is Croatian, namely, 3 October 2005. From then until now has not seen a significant shift, the chapters are slow to open, much more slowly or not at all close. The whole process is simply stopped. And what we have today? Doubts and confusion with the Turkish side and the discomfort and suspicion from the European. It would be much better to be honest and EU offer Turkey a form of cooperation that Merkel and Sarkozy advocated from the beginning - a privileged partnership - and thereby remove the status of candidate country because it will be an eternal candidate, never a member. Otherwise, we will have one more cumbersome political tapeworm which is a world without it overflowing. Tweet Related Sites More from this user Tags
 