In the first game of second round Group A Uruguay to win South Africa score 3:0. Goals gave Forlan in the 24th and 80 per minute, and Pereira in the 90th minutes Ingredients: JAR: Khune, Gaxa, Masilela, Mokoena, Tshabalala, Mphela, Pienaar, Modise, Khumalo, Dikgacoi, Letsholonyane Uruguay: Muslera, Lugano, Godin, Fucile, Cavani, Suarez, Forlan, A. Pereira, Perez, M. Pereira, Arevalo Rios double world champions arrived at the threshold of finishes among top 16 ... Such as they failed for 40 years, ie from World Cup in Mexico when they finished in fourth place. South Africa would finally could become a happy place since after two matches played in Group A with four points and will next Tuesday against Mexico to seek confirmation of entry into the next round. Uruguayan hero on Wednesday in Pretoria was brilliant Diego Forlan, the biggest star of the South American team. In 24th The minute noted that the South African goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune is not best placed.
 He fired from about 25 meters, the ball is on its way towards the goal grazed home captain Aaron Mokoena and flown Khunea. None received after hit, &quot;Bafana Bafana&quot; failed to seriously threaten. Uruguay is still the better team, a victory was confirmed after a new error Khunea. Kaizer Chiefs goalkeeper in his penalty area fell to Luis Suarez that he was the referee Massimo Busacca &quot;rewarded&quot; and the red card. Unfortunate Khunea the door replaced Moneeb Josephs, but he had no chance against Forlan who was a tremendous blow to the white spot under the beam increased the advantage of his team. Grogirani South Africans are in the final minute of injury time and receive a third goal. Suarez is on the right side gained the ball flew by and came to Joseph Alvaro Pereira who had his head placed in the empty net. Uruguay is the triumph of becoming the first South American team in the first round of the competition failed to beat host the championship.
 About his dominance in Pretoria enough the fact that he had 19 shots on goal, including six in the framework. South Africa, on the other hand, ten times (only three goals inside the box) shot by Fernando Muslera, who today celebrates 24th birthday. We should mention that every now host the world championships managed to qualify in the second round, but it seems that this year we will witness the termination of this tradition. World Cup, 2 Round Group A: Uruguay - South Africa 3-0 (Forlan 24, 80 - 11 m, Pereira 90 +5) France - Mexico (Thursday) The order: 1 Uruguay 4, 2 Mexico 1 (-1), 3 France 1 (-1), 4 JAR 1 ts, AFP in the second Group H match Switzerland beat Spain 1:0 result. Goal scored Gelson Fernandes in the 53rd minute Vicente del Bosquea team arrived in South Africa with the status of the tournament favorites, and although they were dominant team match played at Moses Mabhida stadium in Durban, lawn left with his head down.
 Care of such an outcome, and so far the biggest sensation of the World Cup Gelson Fernandes, 23-year-old French midfielder St-Etienne, scoring from the 52nd minute match. Resembled a matte English actions, so shoot goalkeeper Diego Benaglija grabbed Eren Derdiyok, rushed to the door in Iker Casillas who start sliding tried to clear up the situation. Pushing the ball up just refused to Fernandes who had pushed up close behind Real Madrid goalkeeper. Overall, Spain has had a much better chance (25-8 shots on goal, in the 8-3) in a shocking defeat at the start of the tournament, but none of them is fruitless. The nearest goal was to Xabi Alonso whose violent kick in the 70th minute, with twenty feet stayed on the beam but svladanog Benaglija. Stood the bare frame and the Swiss just three minutes later. The blow sent Derdiyok. Spain has been celebrating the victory of the match in 27 of last 28 games.
 Also, the only defeat in a series of 48 matches in the Confederations Cup caused their team of the United States. Impressive data to Fernandesovog goal was even more. Do the experiment against the Swiss, the Spaniards remained unbeaten in the last 37 games against European opponents, of which 19 were completed last victory. Since the defeat against Romania in November 2006. years, have achieved a ratio of 34 wins and three draws. All these figures on Wednesday fell into the water, just like the fact that Switzerland has never celebrated against the &quot;fury&quot;. A total of 18 games played, all of which are Swiss could boast there were three draws. Do Fernandes shot from 52nd minute. The composition, which currently leads Ottmar Hitzfeld also boasts that it has not received a goal for five consecutive matches at the World Championships. Specifically, 484 minutes ... Let&#39;s add to the game injured Andres Iniesta. How seriously, only to find out.
 World Cup, first Round Group H: Spain - Switzerland 0-1 (Fernandes 52) Chile - Honduras 1-0 (Beausejour 34) ts, AFP
 