秦 Qin Kingdom? ? 778. BC-221st BC. ? ? Capital Not specified Language / s ancient Chinese religion Chinese folk religion, ancestor worship, legalism Government Monarchy, Feudalizan (later repealed) Chancellor - - Li Si History - Establish 778th BC. - Qin Dynasty became 221st BC. Currency Chinese coins Spring and Autumn Cai Cao Chen Chu Hua Jin Lu Qi Shu Qin Song Wei Wu Yan Yue Zheng This box: view • talk • edit Warring States United States Zhou Dynasty Qin Chu Han Zhao Wei Qi Yan Under State Song Shu Zou Lu Teng Zhongshan Yue Qin or Ch&#39;in (Wade-Giles) (秦), (778th BC-207. BC.) was a state during the Spring and Autumn and Warring States Period in ancient China. Eventually it began to dominate China and at the end of the first time united as one country, after which they are cited as the Qin Dynasty. Last name of its ruler was Ying (嬴). Contents [edit - edit] The legendary beginnings of the establishment of the Qin State According to Sima Qian, historian of the second
 century BC., house Qin Emperor porijelo towing Zhuanxua (one of the five legendary emperors of the period). One of the ancestors, Dafei, Yu helped to tame the big flood and it was awarded the Emperor Shun Ying surname. Tradition says that during the Xia and Shang Ying clan split into two branches: the Western Ying became the first noblemen in the 9th century BC. Feizi of Qin has served the King Xiao of Zhou as a royal horse tamer, as well as Leno got Quanqiu (modern Tianshui, Gansu province) and the hand of the royal princesses. Their territory surrounding the barbarian (Rong) countries. In the 9th century BC. is, how they spoiled the relations between the Western Zhou, and Rong, Qin was attacked by Ronga nekoiliko times. In 771st BC. Ronga big campaign led to a decrease Hàoa (near modern Xi&#39;an in Shaanxi province), capital of the Western Zhou Dynasty. Prince of Qin tried to help the Zhou kings, and later his troops guarding the withdrawal of King Ping of Zhou to the east.
 When the capital of Zhou established in Luoyang, Xiang of Qin was awarded the title of Bo (伯, &quot;Count&quot;), the third level of the nobility behind Gong (公, &quot;Duke&quot;) and Hou (侯, &quot;Marquis&quot;), and he promised that all former countries that release of Zhou Ronga belong Qinu. This was the impetus for future princes of Qin who led campaigns against the systematic Ronga in order to expand their territory to the other side of the border of the Western Zhou Dynasty. [Edit - edit] Qin during the Spring and Autumn are the ruler of Qin during the Spring and Autumn period (771st to 481st BC.) Were preoccupied with defending the western barbarians, and far less attention are provided with the feudal relations of the countries of Central and Eastern China . The only exception was the Jin, who was on the opposite bank of the Yellow River. Qin was the Jinom maintained diplomatic relations, occasionally forged alliances, but also fighting. At the beginning of the reign of Duke Mu of Qin (秦穆公) is a country Jin weakened due to the dynastic conflicts of the sons premilog Duke Xian of Jin (晋献公).
 As the winner of these conflicts emerged Duke Wei (晋惠公), a war-weakened state of Jin&#39;s food and other necessities supplied by the State of Qin. As soon as he recovered Jin, became aggressive towards Qinu, where at the time the plague broke out. That is why the war broke out between the two states, Qin and stopped pohodiman west. During his campaign against Jin, Duke Mu of Qin was heard in exile in the State of Chu is Chong&#39;er (重耳), one of Xianovih sons. Duke Mu was with him got in touch and helped him come to power as Duke Wen of Jin, whereupon the Qin and Jin re-sent it to the allies. However, Wen died 628th BC. A year later, in an attempt to win Muovi Zheng (郑) brought him into conflict with the Duke Xiang of Jin (晋 襄公) which was at the Battle of Yaoa (modern Luoning in Henan Province) in an ambush inflicted defeat the army of Qin . Three years later the Duke Mu of Qin started vindictive campaign against Jin and defeated him.
 However, after he buried the bones of its soldiers, Duke Mu decided on peace with its eastern neighbors and is devoted entirely to the war against the western nomads. Because it was declared one of five hegemons. Qin army after almost two centuries it is no longer marching to the east. [Edit - edit] Qin at the beginning of the Warring States period beginning 5th century BC. or in the period that the future historians call the period of Warring States, Qin was in an inferior position compared to its eastern neighbors, who are busily undergoing major social and cultural transformation. The reason is partly the dome was that a large proportion of the population consisted of Qin siniziranih semi-barbarian tribes and nations that are &quot;real&quot; Chinese called Rong. Therefore, the other Chinese in the Qin State looked at with contempt. The gravest danger to the Qin, however, during this period, was newly Wei State [1], created by dividing the state earlier Jin.
 This is especially prominent place in the time of Wu Qi, which is between 413th and 409th BC. managed to take the strategically important Hanguguan (函谷关), pass northeast of modern Lingbaoa in Henan Province, ts Tongguan (潼关), pass in today&#39;s Shaanxi Province. So for the first time in more centuries Qin lost its territories west of the Yellow River. [Edit - edit] Reforms in the fourth century BC. Qin rulers have gradually started to introduce reforms in order to Qin put in an equal position towards its eastern neighbors. This is especially the case when about the 361st BC. Qin stood at the head of Duke Xiao of Qin (秦孝公). His key decision was that the court invites prominent scholars of Shang Yang, who was appointed prime minister. Shang Yang, known as one of the creators of the philosophical direction that will be known in China as legalism, he undertook a series of far-reaching measures aimed at strengthening the state. This is primarily related to the abolition of the previous feudal arrangement, or the introduction of meritocracy and the centralized state apparatus.
 Qin officials have ceased to be noble, and instead of their seats, according to merit, set out as ordinary people. The nobles were also lost to keep the army and she came under the direct control of the ruler. The result was that the Qin could mobilize far larger army than their eastern neighbors, and that she was disciplined. Centralized system management is also to facilitate the mobilization of peasants in the workforce for major public works such as digging ditches, which eventually enabled Qinu to develop agricultural production, under the terms of its population to increase and facilitate the maintenance of your growing army. Although the reforms Shang Yang caused great dissatisfaction among the elite Qin, including the future King Huiwen that after taking the throne gave Shang Yang executed, they are not eliminated, because the Huiwen I became aware of their positive effects on the state and its government.
 [Edit - edit] Expansion of Qin at the end of fourth century BC. Qinov model of public administration has gradually started to show superiority to the other Chinese states. Huiwen was so convinced her to 325th BC. proclaimed king otklonivši time and the last traces of formal loyalty nominal rulers of the Zhou Dynasty, thus causing a trend among the other rulers of the Chinese government. 318th year BC. Qin found himself facing a coalition with the five eastern states - Wei, Zhao, Han, Yan and Chu - but their troops, although according to the Chinese historians higher than the one that has successfully penetrated the Qin few decades ago, was defeated near the pass Hanguguan. Otklonivši danger from its eastern border, Qin your attention is directed towards the south, and has launched a campaign during which the 316th BC. Shu won polubarbarske State and Ba in the area of present-day Sichuan province. This is the Qin gained new territories in the upstream of Yangtze River valley and up to them, unlike Qin, armies of rival states could hardly penetrate.
 Qin has also gained a reliable source of food, raw materials and manpower, and so a key advantage over the other Chinese states. [Edit - edit] Expansion of Qin at the beginning of third century BC. The first major Chinese state that was faced with a demonstration of the new power was Qin Chu. King Huiwen, at the suggestion of his prime minister Zhang Yi (张仪), launched a military campaign that resulted in a series of military successes of the most spectacular of which was the capture of King Huai of Chu 299th year BC. Qin was able to occupy the capital of Chu, which remains the army and the administration retreated to the east. The new ruler of Qin, the king of Qin Zhaoxiang, the attention of their country, and its expansion, concentrated in the north. For this purpose, made an alliance with the state of Qi, and are thus the main opponents of Qin - Han and Wei state - found themselves faced with a war on two fronts. They gradually began to lose territory, and were reduced to a kind of buffer state between the Qin and the other great powers of ancient China, especially the State of Zhao.
 260-BC. the struggle for dominance with them Zhaoxianga brought into conflict with Zhao, who will turn into an epic two-year battle in Changping. It is, thanks to a total mobilization of Qin and talent unscrupulous commanders Bai Qi 260th year BC. complete defeat Zhao, Qin, but it could not take advantage of the quarrel between Prime Minister and Bai Qi Fan jua. Failure to take power Qin Handan, capital of Zhao, and the arrival of state power Chu and Wei Zhao for help, led the 257th BC. the Peace Treaty Qin novoosvojenih lost part of its territory and its expansion that was temporarily halted. However, next year the troops of Qin captured Luoyang and hence pushed the last of the nominal ruler of China from the Zhou Dynasty, marking the end of her. [Edit - edit] Unification of China Key year for the state of Qin, but the rest of China, was the 247th BC. when it came to the throne of thirteen-year-Ying Zheng, who called Qin Shi Huang Di, who was the early years of his reign devoted to preparations for a final showdown with the remaining six of the seven warring states that then ruled the area once the Zhou Dynasty.
 They are fruitful when the 230th BC. Qin invaded and annexed by Han State, and then 228th BC. and the State of Zhao, which is still recovered from the terrible losses in the Battle of Changping. Then the 225th BC. followed by an old enemy of Qin - State of Wei. Unlike the previous three states, which were already weakened, Ying Zheng was the next target chosen Chu, who despite losses in the war with Qinom early life, was more powerful. First attempt - 225th BC. - Not a bore, but the following campaign led to the destruction and annexation Chua. Qin then 223rd BC. Yan attacked and state, while the easternmost and most remote countries Qi surrendered without a fight. After that, Zheng of Qin proclaimed not only the king of Qin, but also the first emperor of the whole of China, taking the title until then rezeviranu the mythical Chinese ruler from the distant past. It since then, with minor interruptions, used by all Chinese rulers until the fall of the Qing Dynasty and the establishment of the Republic 1911th
 Zheng then, using extremely brutal methods, standardized letter, action and language in the conquered territories, thus creating the foundation of unity not only the Chinese government, but also the nation. [Edit - edit] Rulers All dates correspond to the data from the 14 and 15 Chapter Shijija. [Edit - edit] References [edit - edit] External links This article related to history is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding this article! Retrieved from &quot;http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qin_ (dr% C5% Beav)&quot; Categories: Articles of the former states that require maintenance | States and territories established 778th BC. | Prestanci 221st BC. | Historical stubs | Ancient Chinese states
 