The terrorists in the world stronger than ever. In the last decade, the personification of the hard and fierce &quot;fighting terrorism&quot; was former U.S. president George Bush. It was after the attack on American soil went into two wars, one in Afghanistan and Iraq, and withdrew behind the allies who have become the most hated in the Muslim world was napadnut.Prije year and ten months at the head of the most powerful country in the world has come &quot; Leftist &quot;and a black president than Barack Obama who is expected to start&quot; fighting terrorism &quot;take a little&quot; softer &quot;means the tact is more enemies. It was expected that these new tactics produce results, but just looking at the past two weeks, we can conclude that the terrorists in the world stronger than ever. The first is &quot;the world&#39;s No. 1 criminal,&quot; the leader of al-Qaeda, who allegedly attacked the &quot;Twin Towers&quot;, anticipating the war if the French do not withdraw their troops from Afghanistan and do not lift the ban on wearing the burqa on the streets.
 &quot;He who kills will be killed,&quot; he said in his message to Osama bin Laden. As his successor this week was marked by Saudi Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, who is prime suspect in last week&#39;s attempted attack on the United States. New Osama bin Laden named Ibrahim al-Asiri? The cargo plane in the UK and Dubai have been found explosive devices that contained powerful plastic explosives PETN and which was allegedly made by al-Asiri. The final destination of bombs hidden in the color printer was the U.S., namely the synagogue in Chicago. Intelligence agents in many countries, primarily Great Britain and the United States, this time they did their job well and to prevent attacks launched by al-Qaeda branch, located in Yemen. Al-Asiri was mentioned as the maker of the bombs that were supposed to last year at Christmas time to explode the plane over Detroit. This time the attack failed, but the very attempt is a sign that terrorists are not afraid to re-select their targets in the United States and that they are not afraid of Barack Obama.
 Who is to blame for 32 injured in Istanbul? More dangerous terrorist attack this weekend took place in Istanbul where the action of suicide bombers in the city center injured 32 people. It seems that the attack on Taksim Square was directed by Turkish police as a young suicide bomber tried to enter into their bus. When he got the plan failed, the bomb detonated in the street and injured 15 policemen and 17 civilians. In such attacks in Turkey, the first thought of freelance fighters and their Kurdish militant PKK, but this time you gerilici say are responsible for 32 injuries. Doubts Kurds after the fall of the radical Islamist or leftist guerrillas who have performed in past attacks in Istanbul. Either way, the terrorists are in the Turkish case showed its power. Fortunately, it was not dead. 52 dead in church in Baghdad, however, is dead this weekend was in a church in Baghdad, the capital of Iraq. There are a mindless terrorist attack began in front of the stock market to make it continue in the church where that time Mass held.
 The hostage crisis action and Iraqi forces after it killed 52 people. Among those killed were a priest, seven members of the Iraqi forces, and all six assailants. Prior actions of Iraqi security forces, the hijackers demanded the release from prison, members of al-Qaida. However, such acts of terrorism in Iraq is no longer the exception, rather than the rule, from the moment when George Bush from power deposed dictator Saddam Hussein. Package bomb by French President Sarkozy to the al-Qaida fighters obeyed their leader Osama bin Laden and instruction on attacking the French could be concluded when the day came the first news from Greece where they were found packages with bombs, one of which was addressed to the President of France, exactly Nicolas Sarkozy. The transport is in a package bomb injured worker from the courier company. Fortunately, only easier. However, the Greek police at first dismissed the possibility that the packets sent to al-Qaida.
 They suspected their &quot;domestic&quot; terrorists from the Greek leftist guerrilla group, and the first arrests in that milieu are already done. From this example can be seen that the Greek terrorists in readiness, and their &quot;fuel&quot; given the economic crisis that triggered a wave of strikes and protests, which were often violent and. Arrests in Sweden as an example last awakened the world of terrorism should be given to arrest four suspects in Sweden, who allegedly planned a bomb attack in the city Goetheborgu. Suspects are in custody due to lack of hard evidence, but released on Sunday afternoon. Media reports that the suspects were Palestinian born in Syria. Because of these threats bombing of the Swedish police in the city raised the alarm. The cases that I have enumerated can cause fear of terrorism the world awakens more and more violent methods of trying to influence the policies of many countries. Will state governments fail to resist this threat, remains to be seen.
 (TIP / Index.hr / I.Kri)
 