Suspect arrested for car bombs in Times Square, U.S. police have arrested a man who suspects that he bought the car in a field where at Times Square in New York found the bomb. This is a U.S. citizen of Pakistani origin Faisal Shahzad who was arrested while in New York&#39;s John F. Kennedy Airport trying to board a flight to Dubai. (Jl) New York Police broadcast a recording suspect carrying a bag and goes after changing a shirt / AP Yesterday&#39;s News: Chief of police departments of New York Ray Kelly said there was no evidence that the Pakistani Taliban, linked to car bomb discovered on Saturday evening in SUV parked in the square next to the New York Times Square. The police is likely to recognize potential recordings suspect car bomb. It is a middle-aged white man. Kelly said officials were on their way to town in Pennsylvania to talk with the man who was believed that the suspects may have made car bombs with their video camera.
 The witness said that at the time when it was discovered suspicious vehicle seen a white man 40-years to be taken off the black shirt he was wearing and instead puts a red, but he added Mayor Kelly, &quot;it does not mean that the person suspected.&quot; Police have reviewed &quot;hundreds of hours of recordings,&quot; security cameras in the immediate vicinity of Times Square there are 82, to determine who drove a vehicle with explosive material near Times Square. Kelly has discovered that the car with gas and petrol, and found the crate for a weapon with eight bags of powder that is reminiscent of fertilizer and that the clock mechanism was set to midnight. Hakimulah Taliban leader Mehsud, who is thought to be killed in an attack against U.S. drones in January, appeared on video announcing the assassination in large American cities. Taliban group Tehrik-e-Taliban Mehsudovim under the leadership of the other footage is claimed responsibility for a failed assassination attempt on Times Square.
 The New York police said there was no evidence that the recording of the statement of Pakistani Taliban, whom they assume responsibility, authentic. - We do not have anything that points to the authenticity of the communication - is resolutely stated to journalists at the New York police chief Ray Kelly. As far as potential targets of attack, Kelly said he is not an option for now, can not be rejected, even the idea that the target of any building, Viacom, because the company owns the cable network that aired the cartoon series &quot;South Park&quot;, which authors have recently received threats for its depiction of the prophet Muhammad. Bomb did not explode, but it certainly caused a panic. Thus, the traditional marathon in Pittsburgh briefly stopped because it was thought that close to the goal found a bomb hidden in a microwave oven. After examination it was determined that it was just odbačenoj microwave. (A)
 