JERUSALEM / ISTANBUL - At least 19 people were killed when the Israeli navy intercepted a convoy of six ships, with 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid for Palestinians in the Gaza Strip. No one knows the exact number of wounded, but witnesses say dozens of them. Commandos broke the ship in international waters and clashed with the activists. The European Union urged the Israeli authorities to thoroughly investigate the circumstances of the attack on the ships of the international humanitarian assistance and urged Israel to allow free flow of aid to the area. Turkey: Israel will have to bear the consequences of their actions Turkey has strongly protested against the Israeli military action which was on Monday morning killed 19 people in a convoy of ships carrying humanitarian aid from Turkey for the Palestinians in the Gaza Strip. &quot;Israel will have to bear the consequences of their behavior,&quot; it said in a statement issued by the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
 The Ministry has urgently called to discuss the Israeli ambassador in Ankara, quoted by Reuters. Israeli TV Channel 10 reported Monday morning that the Israeli navy attack on a convoy of six ships with 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid, which moved to the Gaza Strip, killing 15 people. The Israeli government has not advertised on the occasion of this case, but expressed regret over the tragedy of Trade and Industry Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer. &quot;I can only express regret over the tragedy,&quot; he told Israeli Army Radio. Sarajevo had given voice against attacks on humanitarian convoys Hundreds of mostly young people, citizens of the Republic of Turkey and Palestine living in BiH and BiH citizens staged today in downtown Sarajevo peaceful protests against the Israeli Navy last night&#39;s attack on a humanitarian convoy of six ships carrying aid for Gaza. The attack on a convoy killed at least 19 people.
 Photo: Sarajevo-x demonstrators were moving Ferhadija and Marshal Tito Street, intending to be in 13 hours together in front of the Parliamentary Assembly of BiH. Carried the flag of the Republic of Turkey, Palestine and Bosnia, and chanted slogans of support for the Palestinian people against Israeli behavior. One of the coordinators of the protest, Edvin Ćudić, Feni said that it was a peaceful protest in which they invited members of several organizations after the news of the attack on a humanitarian convoy. He stressed that the goal of protest is to gather only the Muslims, because they are on ships carrying aid to Gaza were Catholics and Orthodox. Silajdzic strongly condemned the Israeli attack BiH Presidency Chairman Haris Silajdzic this morning strongly condemned the Israeli navy attack on a convoy of six ships carrying 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid from Turkey to the Gaza Strip, which killed 19 people. Chairman Silajdzic asked for an urgent investigation into this Israeli military attack, stressing that the perpetrators of this crime and their commanders must bear full criminal responsibility in accordance with international humanitarian law.
 He also expressed concern over indications that the Israeli attack on a humanitarian convoy occurred in international waters, which is a flagrant violation of the UN Convention on the Law of the Sea. Chairman Silajdzic expressed his deep concern at the deepening humanitarian crisis and suffering of the Palestinian population in Gaza and urged Israel to immediately and unconditionally allow the free flow of humanitarian assistance, goods and people in the Gaza Strip, announced from Silajdžićevog cabinet. Kushner deeply shocked: Nothing can justify the use of such violence, French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner said Monday that he was &quot;deeply shocked&quot; by the Israeli attack on propalestinsku flotilla en route to Gaza, saying that &quot;nothing can justify the use of such violence.&quot; &quot;I am deeply shocked by the tragic consequences of Israeli military operations against the Peace flotilla to Gaza,&quot; said the statement from Kouchner, quoted by AFP.
 Killed more than ten activists on Monday in the Israeli commando attack on the international flotilla, reported the Israeli military. &quot;Nothing can justify the use of such violence that we condemn. I do not understand such a large number of killings, the interim report, in an operation against humanitarian initiatives already a few days,&quot; he added. French minister urged to &quot;shed light on all the circumstances of this tragedy&quot; and asked to &quot;immediately initiate a more detailed investigation.&quot; &quot;The current situation in Gaza is unsustainable,&quot; the minister said, while his ministry on Friday warned before the departure flotilla on its position on the need for lifting the blockade of Gaza. &quot;We take all necessary initiatives in order to avoid this tragedy is not that of a new exacerbation of violence,&quot; he added. Zeljko Komsic: This attack evokes the deepest memories of the recent war in Bosnia and Herzegovina Zeljko Komsic, a member of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina expresses its indignation at the news of the death of 15 humanitarian killed this morning in the Israeli navy attack on a convoy of six ships carrying humanitarian aid for the Palestinian population in mortified Gaza Strip.
 This attack on aid worker invokes the deepest memories of the recent war experience of Bosnia and Herzegovina. All those who know the evil environment of isolation and know what it means to humanitarian assistance and the value of human life at a time when the humanity and selflessness that is so needed. I express my sincere condolences to the families of the fallen. BiH Presidency member, Mr. Zeljko Komsic strongly condemns this process Israel will cause terrible side effects on the peace process in the Middle East. Ankara seeks an extraordinary session of the UN Security Council and Turkey has confirmed that it will request a special session of the UN Security Council regarding the attacks in which Israeli army in the eastern Mediterranean on Monday killed at least 19 humanitarian activists who ships carrying aid to citizens of Gaza. Turkey is now a permanent member of UN Security Council. Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs has decided that the occasion of today&#39;s incident revoke its ambassador from Tel Aviv, the agency reported.
 The convoy was attacked several ships that sailed under the Turkish flag. In Istanbul, the ten thousand people gathered outside the Israeli Consulate who also condemned the armed attack against the Israeli army on a humanitarian convoy under the pretext that he wanted to prevent delivery of weapons to members of the radical Hamas. In Ankara, it was confirmed that Turkey would cancel three earlier planned military exercises with the Israeli army. Abbas declared three days of mourning Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Monday condemned Israel&#39;s murderous attack on the international fleet on the road to Gaza, called it a &quot;massacre&quot; and declared three days of mourning in the Palestinian territories. &quot;We believe that it was a massacre, which we condemn,&quot; Abbas said in a statement on Palestinian television and declared three days of mourning. &quot;Tonight we will make tough decisions,&quot; he confirmed. Meeting the Palestinian leadership on this issue is scheduled for Monday at 18.00, specify the Palestinian official sources in Ramallah, the West Bank.
 Israeli General: We do not know who gave the order to shoot Israeli army spokesman Gen. Avi Benaiah said today that he did not know who gave the order to open fire commando who killed 19 passengers of the international fleet of ships that was carrying humanitarian aid in Gaza. &quot;I do not know who gave the order to shoot, it is too early to determine it,&quot; said the general told the Army Radio. &quot;The navy acted under the orders and the provisions of the shooting that very clear. The soldiers were warned not to respond to provocations,&quot; said Benaiah. At least 19 passengers of the international fleet, which was carrying aid for Palestinians in the Gaza Strip was killed today in an attack against Israeli commandos, and 36 people were wounded. Propalestinski activists tried to force ships to sail in the zone that you keep under lock Izrelci and thus prevent entry into the Gaza Strip. The Israeli navy has previously warned it would stop, and the use of force, ships move closer to the shores of the Gaza Strip, under a strict blockade of June 2007.
 year, when control of the territory over the Islamist movement Hamas. Ehud Barak accused the organizers of the convoy for the conflict Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak expressed regret for the loss of human life in today&#39;s conflict Israeli commandos and humanitarian personnel carrying aid for Palestinians in Gaza, but organizers blamed the conflict for humanitarian action. Barak was at a press conference in Tel Aviv humanitarian convoy as &quot;political provocation&quot; and added that the aid workers behave violently, passed the Israeli media. It is the organizers of humanitarian convoys, the Islamic charity (IHH), called &quot;ekstremististima that support terror.&quot; Israeli Army Chief of Staff General Gabi Ashkenazi said that the soldiers were forced to respond to a fire. UN &#39;shocked&#39; Israeli attacks on ships with aid High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay of the United Nations said on Monday it was &quot;shocked&quot; by the Israeli military assault on Gaza to help propalestinsku flotilla, in which 19 people were killed, according to a statement of Israeli television.
 &quot;I am shocked that the information in an attack on a humanitarian mission early this morning were the dead and injured when the flotilla approached the coast of Gaza,&quot; said Pillay before the Human Rights Council, which met in plenary session in Geneva. Earlier, the High Commissioner condemned the blockade of the Gaza Strip, &quot;which is daily violating human rights.&quot; Condemning the &quot;once&quot; the Palestinian rockets fired at Israel from the Gaza Strip, Pillay was assessed as slightly increasing the amount of goods that may enter the Gaza Strip, recently approved, is far from sufficient to allow the population to lead a normal and dignified life. Before the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva Marghoob Saleem Butt, a Pakistani diplomat on behalf of the Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) &quot;strongly condemned the Israeli attack.&quot; &quot;This is another example of Israeli contempt for international rules and laws,&quot; he announced, and asked that &quot;Israeli authorities immediately release all the boats and detained persons and to take action against those responsible for attacks and died.
 The representative of Saudi Arabia said that Israeli military operations are a &quot;serious violation of international law&quot;. Nineteen activists were killed and 36 wounded in the attack, Israeli commandos on international humanitarian flotilla of boats to the Gaza Strip, told an Israeli TV station Kanal 10 Several representatives of European activists were on board the flotilla, which was carrying one hundredth of Palestinian supporters and help for Gaza. She sailed on Sunday afternoon, according to the Palestinian territories. Ki-Moon seeking an investigation of attacks on ships of the UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on Monday urged a thorough investigation into the Israeli attack on a convoy of ships carrying aid into Gaza, where it killed at least 19 people, adding he was shocked by the attacks . &quot;It is necessary to conduct a thorough and complete investigation to determine exactly how it came to bloodshed. I believe that Israel must immediately give a full explanation,&quot; Ban said at a press conference in Campau, where present at the conference dedicated to the International Criminal Court (ICC), reported Reuters.
 At least 19 people on Monday morning killed when the Israeli navy in the eastern Mediterranean intercepted a convoy of six ships with 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid for the Palestinians, who moved from Turkey to the Gaza Strip, a few dozen people were injured. This serious incident sparked sharp condemnation in Ankara, Damascus and Ramallah, while the European Union also demanded an immediate investigation. The Israeli army said that &quot;the fighters took control of the Navy six boats that tried to break through the sea blockade (Gaza Strip)&quot; and that &quot;while taking control of the soldiers encountered a serious physical resistance demonstrators who attacked them alive with fire.&quot; (Vijesti.ba)
 