Text: HA / I.Ka. / ZJ AFP identified the body and First Lady Maria Kaczynski, who on Tuesday will be transported to Warsaw. Burial will be the presidential couple, according to information from the Polish media on Saturday. Fakt says that it would identify other bodies will be very difficult because they really burned and dismembered. The coffin with the body of Polish President Lech Kaczynski of yesterday is exposed in the chapel of the presidential palace, and on Tuesday the president respects the dead will be able to express all citizens because it would expose the coffin in front of the presidential palace in Warsaw. According to unofficial sources the Polish Fakt, president of the face stravièno injured and will therefore be closed coffin. An autopsy that was performed on the body of Polish President Lech Kaczynski has shown that the immediate cause of death was internal injuries that occurred as a direct result of presidential aircraft attack Soviet Tupolev Tu-154 on the ground. So far, only his coffin arrived to Warsaw, the bodies of others who died were transported to Moscow where he will be identified.
 Fakt is a little after noon reported that the body was identified and the first lady. The presidential couple will be buried together Although it was speculated that President Kaczynski will be buried soon, Polish Fakt reports that the desire of families to be buried along with her husband. &quot;The presidential couple will be buried together, because it is the desire of the family. Burial will be only when all victims are identified,&quot; said the representative office of the President. Identified are four bodies of Polish media have reported that they identified four more bodies of victims in the crash. As there is a fact, it&#39;s about Janusz Kochanowski, Joanni Agackiej-Indeckije, Kazan, and Mariusz Janine Fetlinskie. Polish Minister of Health said that all bodies, despite the fact that the mutilated, should be identified in iduæa 72 hours. Special commission to investigate what happened could already today, according to latest information, complete the investigation.
 Curve is a flight control? Although the Russians have accused the pilots, despite the warnings, odlièio fog covered land at the airport in Smolensk, it seems that the great mistake committed by the flight control. In fact, despite what the official language of communication under international law the air English, flight controllers he obraæao in Russian! The failure of the Russian media, I admitted Pavel Plusnin flight controller, a man who was last communicated with the fallen plane. The EU and Russia today, a day of mourning and in Russia today proclaimed a day of mourning for the victims of the tragedy. Flags across Russia are flying at half mast, radio and television entertainment programs were canceled, and the cover magazines are full of expressions compassion. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Thursday the government stressed that &quot;Russia žaluje with Poland, and Russian President Vladimir Medvedev is enrolled in a book of condolences opened in the Polish embassy in Moscow.
 Russian authorities Eine all, writes AFP, to help families of victims who arrived in Moscow to identify the remains of their loved ones. According to Russian Minister of Health, Tatjana Golik, have so far identified 24 victims, a job will be completed in iduæa two to three days. Minute of silence today paid respects to victims of accidents in the center of NATO in Brussels. In front of the flags of the European Commission and EU member states flying at half mast. EC President Jose Barroso Manul stressed that Saturday&#39;s accident &quot;a tragedy for Poland and the Poles, but also for all in Europe.&quot; Victims of the minute of silence and gave the Council of Europe headquarters in Strasbourg. Vice-President of the Council of Europe Maud de Boer-Buquiccio under the Polish flag in front of palace of Europe passed a bouquet of flowers. Flags of all 47 member states were lowered to half mast. &gt; Reactions to events list on the topic Indexovoj
 