Also known as the Airplane Mode, this setting eliminates portions of the wireless mobile device, allowing for safe use of certain features while flying. On most Nokia phone mode the aircraft can be turned on or off via your phone&#39;s settings. How do I know which version of the software is installed on my phone? On most Nokia mobile phone version of the software used can be found under &quot;information&quot; in the &quot;Preferences&quot;. How can I find the IMEI number (International Mobile Equipment Identity)? On most Nokia phones the IMEI can be found by typing.
 # 06 # on the keypad, or by removing the battery cover and battery (on most LG phones, the number is printed inside the battery cavity). What is the security number on my phone? The standard pre-set security code LG phone is 0000 Can I change the font size on your phone? On most Nokia phones the font size can be changed in &quot;Preferences&quot;. What is SAR (Specific Absorption Rate - SAR)? SAR is a measurement unit used in the guidelines for exposure to radio waves. Tests for SAR are conducted using standardized methods, with the phone transmitting at its highest certified power level in all frequency bands. While among the different LG phones SAR levels can vary, all are designed to comply with the relevant guidelines for exposure to radio waves. The SAR limit recommended by the International Commission for the Protection of non-ionizing radiation (International Commission on Non-Ionizing Radiation Protection - ICNIRP) is an average of 2 W / kg over 10 grams of tissue.
 The SAR limit recommended in countries where regulations governing inženjerastruje and Electronics Institute (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers - IEEE) is an average of 1.6 W / kg over 1 gram of tissue. Are the LG mobile phones are safe to use? What about the levels of radiation? Comprehensive research on electromagnetic fields (Electro Magnetic Fields - EMF) has been conducted for several decades. Based on these studies has not been proven that mobile phones that comply with international exposure standards have a detrimental effect on health. All LG mobile phones are in line with international exposure standards. How Safe Are Mobile Phones? LG Electronics, the safety of our customers is paramount. At the same time understand that there has been speculation about the safety of mobile phones and base stations that use. For example, some newspaper articles and reports allege that due to mobile phones or living near base stations can develop the disease.
 However, studies have shown for years - and it is accepted scientific fact - that radio signals emitted from mobile phones and their base stations, within established safety levels, are adverse effects to human health. It is important to note that government agencies, international health organizations and other scientific bodies continually review research findings. All LG mobile phones meet relevant national and international safety standards and limits set by public health authorities. Why does the signal strength varies between different phones? Number of bars displayed on different phones may vary due to the algorithm used to convert incoming radio signal in the displayed signal strength, a formula that varies from manufacturer to manufacturer. Therefore, two phones set side by side may show a different signal strength.
 What is a PIN number? PIN number? is a security feature of SIM cards for GSM mobile phones. How do I activate voicemail, call forwarding, PIN number and placing a call on hold? Voice mail, call forwarding, PIN number, and call waiting are features that depend on network and subscription, not available in all areas. To activate this feature, it is best to contact your service provider. Can you overcharge your battery? No, you can not overcharge your phone battery. All LG mobile phones have a smart charge sensor that eliminates the possibility of overcharging. Why can not establish an international call? Your service provider may automatically block international calls on your phone. To remove this block, it is best to contact them directly. Another reason for the inability to place outgoing international calls can be failed to enter the appropriate country code.
 How your phone with support for two-band (dual band) can be used abroad? Using the phone with support for two frequency bands (dual band) abroad depends on network operator. In some cases, you may need a special SIM card or service provider may need to request activation of &quot;roaming&quot; on your phone (this may be an additional fee). For more information, contact your service provider. Can I use my LG phone in other countries? To determine whether you can use your Nokia phone in other countries, contact your service provider. Different countries use different cellular systems, and some countries may need to register your phone before you travel. It is best to travel before contact your provider and make any necessary arrangements. What does &quot;Service unavailable&quot;? The message &quot;Service unavailable&quot; error message is usually displayed when a connection with the data network is unavailable.
 You may be able to establish a connection if you try again later. Why do I have trouble opening certain web pages on your phone? Wireless protocol (Wireless Application Protocol - WAP) to access the Internet is a relatively new technology and therefore may lead to incompatibilities between different web sites and mobile phones. There are thousands of web pages that are compatible with WAP technology, but your service provider may limit access to certain sites. For more information, contact your service provider. Is WAP secure? Yes, provided security for the WAP specifications WTLS (Wireless Transport Layer Security) that implements authentication and encryption options. What kind of services can be accessed via WAP? WAP allows access to traffic reports, weather forecasts, e-mail, news, sports and politics, maps and locating services and the like. E-commerce transactions and online banking will be available in the near future.
 What is a WAP browser? WAP browser allows you to connect to the Internet and interact with specially designed interactive services for viewing WAP pages using your mobile phone. This technology provides access to information from the WAP part of the Internet faster than you to access HTML pages using a traditional web browser. What is the charge time? The charging time is the time required for charging the batteries of mobile phones. What is the talk? Talk time is the battery during the incoming and outgoing calls. What is Time? Standby time is the time of the battery when the phone is turned on, but do not use it for calls.
 