Photo: Tomislav Krasnec Exclusive: Peter Galbraith You Croats fighting in Afghanistan in vain! Globus / 04.05.2010. 19:45:45 Peter Galbraith, former U.S. ambassador to Croatia, which was last year, as Deputy Chief of Mission of the United Nations in Afghanistan, warned of massive fraud in their countries&#39; presidential elections, but was then sacked the UN Richard Holbrooke, architect of the Dayton agreement, which was President Barack Obama last year sent to Afghanistan and Pakistan to carry out the same trick for Clinton did in Bosnia, once said: &quot;It is difficult to define in order to look our success in Afghanistan. But we will know when we see it. &quot;By the same token, it is difficult to define the debacle in Afghanistan, but we should recognize it when we see it. Peter Galbraith, former U.S. ambassador to Croatia, who co-operation with Holbrooke moved from the Balkans to Afghanistan - where Galbraith last year was deputy head of the UN mission - to see now.
 I blow out all power! Galbraith was the first and most influential diplomat who last fall warned of a massive fraud at the Afghan presidential elections. UN It is, however, fired and has forced out of Afghanistan. A few months later, Galbraith allegations proved correct and the UN and America were confiscated about a million votes to President Hamid Karzai and force it into the second round. But opposition candidate Abdullah Abdullah has been dropped from the second round because he was confident that cheating will not happen again. Hamid Karzai was the darling of America and Europe when, after ousting the Taliban, 2002. installed as president, and then elected to the first Afghan presidential 2004 elections. America is at that time, his attention focused on the war in Iraq and neglected her and the NATO mission in Afghanistan where the Taliban has slowly begun regrupirati and return to areas where the central Karzai government was not strong.
 With the arrival of Obama in the White House, the U.S. military attention was again focused on Afghanistan were sent to the best generals and additional troops launched an offensive in the south, soon followed by the offensive on the Taliban stronghold of Kandahar ... Autumn&#39;s presidential elections were refractive moment because Obama, in order to achieve success in Afghanistan will be a legitimate and reliable Afghan president with whom to cooperate. But elections have turned into a fiasco when it was discovered that the third Karzaijevih vote was fraudulent. Afghan President Karzai today hates most of the U.S. administration, but with him because they do not cooperate with anyone else. But the biggest is the hatred between Karzai and Galbraith, who became mortal enemies. S Galbraith speak on the campus of Harvard University in Cambridge in the U.S. state of Massachusetts, where Galbraith has a house (although I do not live in it, but in Vermont).
 Since he was expelled from Afghanistan, UN Galbraith sued for unlawful dismissal, and devoted himself to writing books about Afghanistan and Pakistan. Often in the American media, not just because of Afghanistan but also for Iraq, where he recently discovered that the private radio for a Norwegian oil company at a time when he publicly advised the Iraqi Kurds in order to fight for autonomy. Galbraith defends the fact that there was nothing illegal and that he helped create the Iraqi Kurds to the oil industry. But many saw in it evidence that the Americans occupied Iraq, only to control the revenue from Iraqi oil. Galbraith says in this interview most of Afghanistan, President Karzai said that &quot;not normal&quot; and that insiders in the palace in Kabul believe that he lost his mind smoking hashish. Last week on American television have led to doubts about Karzai&#39;s mental stability. Where you to? - His behavior is wildly unpredictable.
 Among diplomats in Kabul is very well known that he was emotionally unbalanced. Let&#39;s look at what the statement gave only last month. First he said that I forged the Afghan elections that I blamed him! Frankly, I do not like Karzai, and that I wanted to steal the election, I would not steal them for him. Secondly, of course, I could even steal elections. Third, I got fired at the UN because I wanted a fair vote count. To accuse me as the organizers of election fraud that he had used - it is very strange and absurd statements. Besides being accused you personally and the United States for electoral fraud, and said that perhaps could defer to the Taliban. How do you explain this? - Yes, at the moment until we have 100 000 U.S. troops who are fighting for his government! Obviously not a smart strategist, but not quite of an outbreak of a normal man. There are various explanations. But, frankly, we have information that suggests that Karzai has a particular affinity for one of the most popular export products of Afghanistan.
 I do not mean to heroin or opium ... So, if it is not opium, it was marijuana or hashish, the only other drug that Afghanistan produced a mass ... - Yes, smoking hashish is widespread in Afghanistan. But just because it is widespread does not mean that there is no certain effects. Would you like to say to countries whose troops are fighting in Afghanistan for Karzai should ask: why did we help this man? - We want you to have your soldiers - American, Croatian, any other - who are fighting for the government as a result of massive fraud? If we want to fight for a president who talks to join the Taliban? If I or my family member served as a soldier in Afghanistan, I&#39;d wondered about it. We need to ask and whether our mission to succeed with such a president. Let&#39;s say NATO troops liberate the territory from the Taliban, then what? Should the Afghan army and police force that can maintain security, a government that can guarantee an honest administration, and win the support of residents.
 Nothing more than that no. Karzai&#39;s term was marked by corruption and inefficiency, and now nelegitimnošću because he remained in power through fraud. As such the government can be our partner? And if you do not have partners, the mission can not succeed. And if the mission can not succeed, we should have troops in Afghanistan.
 