Muammar Gaddafi has called on Muslims to go to the airport and in preventing the landing of aircraft, to be disabled and sale of Swiss products. Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi has called for a jihad against Switzerland, saying that state land-believers, who destroyed the mosque. Relations between Libya and Switzerland are infringed upon in 2008. , when Gaddafi&#39;s son was arrested in Geneva and charged with harassment of hotel workers. He also said that any Muslim anywhere in the world, who works with the Swiss, outcast and an opponent of the Prophet Muhammad, God and Quran. Gaddafi is your opinion about the country announced during a meeting in the Libyan city of Benghazi, where it marks the birth of Mohammed. Gaddafi said that Muslims must go to the airport in Islamic countries and they need to prevent the landing of Swiss aircraft, and that the docking port preventing the Swiss boat to be disabled, and Swiss goods sold in stores.
 The Swiss foreign ministry has not commented Gaddafi call. Remember, the relations of Libya and Switzerland disturbed in 2008. , when Gaddafi&#39;s son was arrested in Geneva and charged with harassment of hotel workers. He was quickly cleared, but Libya has stopped oil deliveries Switzerland withdrew billions of dollars from Swiss banks and arrested two Swiss who were working in Libya. Photo Wikipedia One of them was released and another is expected this week to leave the Swiss Embassy in Tripoli, in which the shelter, you should begin serving prison sentences èetveromjeseène. And Palestinians need to have nuclear weapons Remember, Gaddafi repeatedly attracts the attention of the public interesting statements and has recently said that &quot;if Israel has nuclear weapons, then the Arab countries in this area,&quot; even the Palestinians, &quot;have a right to it. - If the Israelis have nuclear weapons and nuclear power, the right of the Egyptians, Syrians, Saudis to it and they have, even Palestinians would it should have as their supporters or opponents of a nuclear power.
 Why not? - Said recently, sparking enthusiasm bliskoistoènih, and if not the Western countries. I raises a tent in downtown New York, Gaddafi was also once tried to raises his Bedouin tent on the outskirts of New York but was in fact prevent the city officials. Gaddafi, known for having during his official visits abroad, staying in his Bedouin tent, tried to raises in the tent city of Bedford in the property belonging to U.S. billionaire Donald Trump. Gaddafi had previously wanted raises a tent in Central Park in New York or on a farm in New Jersey, which belongs to the Libyan embassy, but he was prevented. Gaddafi translator collapsed after a speech on pirates and conspiracy theories, if more than an hour and a half long speech Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi for the speaker&#39;s general assembly UN exhausted many listeners who have circled their heads in disbelief and left the hall, just imagine how it was his simultaneous translator.
 Libya&#39;s translator survived the epic 75-minute speech, during which Gaddafi has jumped from topic to topic and speak for about everything and svaèemu, but then cried - I can not! - The head of translation services for Arabic language in the UN Rasha Ajalyaqeen recognized the urgent situation itself assumed conversions by the end of speech, or else who, at the annual session of the UN&#39;s general and limited to 15 minutes. Gaddafi has in the 90-minute withdrawal, among other things, discussed the conspiracy theories about the assassination of U.S. President John Kennedy, who defended the Somali pirates, arguing that they only want to feed their children, and explained that the H1N1 influenza virus produced by large capitalist firms that want to make money vaccine.
 