Croatian-Russian intergovernmental relations marks a new phase of rapprochement. Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor visited counterpart Vladimir Putin, and he will soon come to Dubrovnik &quot;Croatia Summit&quot;. Momentum of rapprochement is presented and the warm welcome of the Russian head of state to President Dmitry Medvedev Ivo Josipovic during the last visit to Moscow. Re-actualizing and the Russian desire to technological renewal Croatian Air Force. &quot;Slobodna Dalmacija&quot; was the first Croatian media that Mihejev Alexander, Deputy Director-General &quot;Rosoboronexporta&quot; and await the arrival of Russian Prime Minister, gives an interview. The Russian state company for sales of military technology and equipment, just last year earned more than eight billion dollars. Mihejev in conversation to announce major Russian investment in Croatia&#39;s troubled economy. The interest in collaboration - I think your readers are well aware of the history of relations between Russia and the Balkan countries which are deeply rooted in the past - says our correspondent.
 - Russia is interested in cooperation with the Croatian in many areas. Armed Forces traditionally used by the Soviet military technology, that Russian production. In order to maintain high readiness of military equipment, &quot;Rosoboronexport&quot; is actively working with the MOD-om. The general public has little to recognize Croatia is the only member of NATO and Russia which offers the latest generation of combat aircraft ... - We are interested in developing military-technical cooperation, particularly in equipping the Air Force MiG-29 M/M2. Our primary goal is the presence of the last generation of aircraft MiG-29M/M2 within NATO. Russia is ready to offer Croatia aircraft fully adapted to NATO standards, as the systems of communication, navigation and identification in the air, and the support system to ensure operation of aircraft on the ground. We are ready to offer &quot;offset&quot; program to 200 percent. A rough price squadron&#39;s MiG-29 is around 400 million euros.
 Can you tell us which would amount uzvratnih Russian investments in the event of purchasing these aircraft? - If Croatia procurement of Russian aircraft, with a grace period of payments, Russia will have to Croatian companies provide economic projects worth billions and 500 million euros. Opening of the Croatian Chamber of Commerce in Moscow will further intensify and simplify Croatian-Russian economic relations. Casco opportunities can you say that Croatian companies account when talking about investments, and jobs with the Croatian? - The scope of Russian-Croatian trading today, during a recent visit to Moscow, stressed the President of Croatia Ivo Josipovic, located at a very low level. In Russia since the Soviet Union were well-known products are &quot;Koncar&quot;, technological lines of the &quot;SAS&quot;, products of Croatian shipyards, and produces clothing and footwear. Russians are known for drugs and Pliva.
 Much can be the basis for the development of mutual cooperation in the framework of offset during the acquisition of aircraft MiG-29M/M2. We offer offset is more than 60 different projects, including joint cooperation projects in transport vehicles, shipbuilding and Communications. Some projects have been precisely worked out, although the final outcome of the same has not been completed. For now, experts of both countries are progressing well in the first phase, which is primarily related to projects with businesses, &quot;Koncar&quot; and &quot;RIZ - Transmitters&quot;. Remembering &#39;Jugoplastika&#39; - there is a basketball club Jugoplastika? - We were surprised Mihejev. What is this club was! How good players, something unique ... sadly will Mihejev, Moscow&#39;s lover in the regional basketball team. Russian economic interests in Croatia - the construction of the main flow of Russian strategic pipeline &quot;Southern stream&quot; through the country, a project worth 350 million euros - the construction of five multipurpose ocean fishing vessels in Brodosplit, a project worth 400 million euros - - Buy or concession of the hotel complex &quot; Kupari.
 Government received a letter Sergei Čemezova, president of the state corporation &quot;Russian Technologies&quot; which are companies interested in the investment worth one billion-euro investment in the hotel complex &quot;Haludovo&quot; on the island - investing in an LNG terminal on the island, building a small LNG terminal in the port in North Split - the purchase of transformers, electric trams and trains &quot;Koncar&quot; - Buy &quot;Podravka&quot; product - the purchase of wood and wood furniture comparisons of competitors in the reconstruction of Air Force - Russian MiG-29M/M2: 38 million euro, offset by 200 percent - Swedish Gripen: 60 million euro, offset by 100 percent - Eurofighter: 80 million euro, offset by 100 percent
 