The Red Cross estimates that so far killed between 45,000 and 50,000 people. The quake registered a surveillance camera. At the beginning of the footage was all quite calm, but then moving strongly tremors. The public is published and amateur footage shot mobile phone on a hill outside the capital of Haiti, which clearly shows the tremors and smoke that was once carried the city. Agency transferred horrific images of panic and chaos on the streets of the capital Port-au-Prince. &#39;I do not know, so far I&#39;ve heard of 50 000 dead ... 30 000 &#39;, he replied, Haitian President Rene Preval Thursday on CNN reporter&#39;s question-and how many people were killed in a earthquake measuring 7 Richter, who on Tuesday hit the poorest countries in the Western Hemisphere. &gt;&gt; Angry Haitians blocked streets corpses Preval did not say from where the sources of these figures, reports Reuters. &#39;Our country is destroyed, &quot;he said at a press conference shocked the Haitian Charge d&#39;Affaires in Japan, Jean-Claude Bordes estimating that more than 100,000 dead.
 &#39;It is too early for numbers,&#39; We need doctors and general medical care. A large number of our hospitals does not work, &quot;Preval told CNN. The whole night people are with their bare hands digging through the ruins looking for survivors. Felix Augustin from the UN says it is believed that the earthquake took more than 100 000 lives. But President Preval says he can speculate that killed between 30 000 and 50 000 people. &#39;It is too early for accurate numbers, &quot;said Preval. Assistant national coordinator of the Red Cross Victor Jackson said: &#39;Nobody knows the exact number, nor can confirm a number. Our organization believes that it killed between 45,000 and 50,000. We also think that three million people nationwide were injured or left homeless. The death toll of the UN rose to 36th Nearly 200 are still missing under the water, while eight pulled alive from the rubble of buildings, confirmed to the media spokesman of the UN peacekeeping mission in Haiti David Wimhurst.
 &gt;&gt; The World Bank 100 million U.S. dollars to help Haiti&gt;&gt; Haiti After the earthquake, the mess, possibly hundreds of thousands of victims of&gt;&gt; Obama: 100 million U.S. dollars for Haiti and long-term reconstruction assistance As night fell, the capital of Port-au-Prince began echo shots from firearms. Screams and cries could be heard on every corner, and some people who wonder are not left without a roof over his head, also remained on the streets for fear of collapsing buildings. Hundreds of people spent nights on the streets and parks. No system in which to clean debris, remove the dead bodies and which helps the survivors. (Photo: Reuters) &quot;Unfortunately, the streets of blue helmets there. We hear gunshots, but we can not tell where they come from. Looted the shops and supermarkets that are part of the earthquake victims. &quot; said a spokesman for the Brazilian NGO Viva Rio &quot;, which employs 400 Haitians engaged in social activities, Valmir Fachini.
 &#39;But if we do not arrive soon to help with food, I think people are hungry and start robbing houses that have not collapsed. &quot; he added. Help arrives in devastated Haiti Red Cross, which already sends 40 tons of drugs published on the web address through which families can search for his missing relatives (www.familylinks.icrc.org) and thus accelerate the process of searching. The African Union, on the ground that the African continent is well acquainted with the misery and disaster, said in a statement Thursday that expressed &quot;shock and sadness&quot; because of the earthquake, said in a message signed by AU Commission President Jean Ping. &#39;God save us&#39;, the choir sang on Wednesday thousands of Haitians gathered in a suburb of the capital, reports the AFP, describing the horror, terror, panic and resignation on the streets of Port-au-Prince, the capital, which became a huge refugee camp. Dirty, wounded, starving, desperate people are crying out for water, food, medicines and squeeze each other for observing the sky in anticipation of the aircraft with lifesaving assistance, reports the AFP.
 Started rumors of a tsunami of trouble is contributed and rumors of a tsunami that caused panic as thousands of people, carrying small children in his arms, swept the hillside in Petion-ville pregrađu city. Rumors are saying that the coastal city of Jacmel erased from the face of the earth after the alleged gigantic tsunami, but none of this proved to be correct, and several witnesses confirmed to AFP that there really is no data about sea-level rise. Director of the hotel, which wanted to remain unnamed, holding that false rumors spread &#39;profiteers who want to use the situation as to rob the abandoned houses and ruins. &quot; The earthquake destroyed the infrastructure and the city of about two million inhabitants nights out in the dark. Morning, residents from the rest of the fabrics found in the ruins trying to create temporary tents. The poor, corruption izjedenoj country reports, a new fear of repeated deception and defeat, as one resident summarized in a sentence &#39;if the international community really wants to help Haiti, it would have to pay money directly to us, not the government. &quot;
 Jandrokovic: all Croats in Haiti as well as all Croatian citizens, who were in Haiti at the time of the earthquake, for now, and Croatia will continue to do what is best for them, said in Zagreb Croatian Foreign Minister Gordan Jandrokovic. (Reuters) In a brief statement to reporters after a trilateral meeting with the Ministers of Foreign Affairs Sven Alkalaj and the Republic of Turkey Ahmet Davatogluom Jandrokovic said the Foreign Ministry and the ministry immediately after news of the tragedy in Haiti began to collect data on the situation in which there are Croats in that Caribbean country. &#39;Given the circumstances, we quickly learn all the information and, what is currently know, all Croatian citizens well, &quot;said Jandrokovic. &#39;We will be in conjunction with our citizens and do what is best for them - to protect them and to help them in an appropriate manner, &quot;the minister added.
 Asked what Croatia would do about aid to Haiti, Jandrokovic recalled that the Croatian Red Cross has decided to help, adding that he expects during the day and the Croatian government to decide on some form of aid to Haiti.
 