Fighting against the fires are almost 240 000 firefighters in 14 regions, with 25,000 fire-fighting vehicles and 226 airplanes. Fires from the European part of Russia and the expanded area of the Far East, especially the critically on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the northeast of the country where it affected 76 000 hectares. In the last 24 hours fires have spread to three times larger area. Bildunterschrift: So far fruitless struggle because of the drought and heat, firefighters reported that it occurs every day and 20 new fires. And the next day, according to weather forecasts, you can expect rain, but temperatures that could reach up to 40 degrees. Russia recorded the highest heat of July, since they all started to record the temperature 130 years ago. In Moscow on Thursday for example measured a record 38.2 degrees Celsius. The village disappeared in just 20 minutes! The number of victims can still only estimate: this Sunday (1.8.) Have found two dead bodies in the area Nižnog Novgorod, so far found 33 victims of which three firefighters.
 Fire has already consumed over 1200 houses - sometimes whole villages have disappeared. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin visited the village Verčnjaju Vereju in the south, where in just 20 minutes gone all just 340 houses. More than 500 people lost everything they had. Evacuation is a continuous process: at the town Togliattija was vacated and a great place for children where the home was conducted about 2,000 children. Bildunterschrift: Prime Minister Putin in the affected area - from the village nothing remained Russian President Dmitry Medvedjev acknowledged that, unfortunately, regional capacities were unwilling to wait for a fire of this magnitude. Medvedjev noted that this is a true natural disaster as it could possibly be expected once every 30 or 40 years. He is on Friday (30.07.) Issued an order that the fight against the fire and the army involved. The fire is not the only scourge: it is estimated that the heat destroyed the majority of grain crops in the European part of Russia.
 Because the border with Ukraine have measured the temperature does not remember any kind of the oldest inhabitants: more than 41 degrees Celsius. Author: A. Subic (dpa, AFP) Re. Editor: Z. Ilic
 