The toxic sludge, which travels to the Danube has not yet arrived, it was confirmed and strengthened the Danube water quality testing. Use the Adobe Flash Player 8 For more advanced options for viewing video please install the Adobe Flash Player 9 Adobe Flash Player 9 can be downloaded here Loading ... Add video to your blog from the diary: Silt samples came from the Danube (Dnevnik.hr) pollution by toxic sludge from the Hungarian factory aluminum is poured into the Danube River and moved downstream towards Croatia. When you pass the 1429th kilometer of the second largest European river, the mud will enter the Croatian borders, and the first attack will find the stick. &gt;&gt; Toxic sludge has not yet crossed the Croatian border No one with such pollution is not met, and the only thing that can still carry out testing reinforced. And the official analysis confirmed that there is no pollution, namely testing for heavy metals were negative. This toxic pollution will not be seen with the naked eye, but we could see its consequences in the event that cause massive fish.
 Water from wells Vukovar was stopped using Danube water supply for citizens, and this has caused considerable panic among the citizens. Water that is now used for deep wells that are located outside of Vukovar, a job and has a red cross that free clean private wells in the courtyards sumnjičavih citizens. Panic in Vukovar because of possible pollution of the Danube city calms company. &quot;The preventive reasons we went to the production of water from deep wells processing due to the current situation on the Danube,&quot; explained Chris Vukovic piped city of Vukovar. It follows in the laboratory. Samples are taken in the morning and evening. Increased testing has brought the first concrete results. &#39;There is no trace that any contamination entered into our country, &quot;said Gordon Miošović from service for water protection. To be even safer, Branko Čulić withdrew from Vukovar on its own wheel-well. Pure as the source of its water is most appealing.
 &#39;Well it can not be estimated. This is a safety when you have your own well. And if you already have underground water is a shame not to have their wells&#39;, says Čulić. That water is correct, it found the Red Cross. Since when has threatened Hungarian mud, excessive actions implemented free cleaning of wells. Day and up to ten requests a sign that the Vukovar still on alert. &gt;&gt; Fear of new spills of toxic sludge Kolontar Authorities evacuated all the time assured that they are in contact with the Hungarians, and they are informed about what is happening with the neighbors. Is this really such a good collaboration, the best we&#39;ll see if it is on the Danube any unpleasant surprises. News / Croatia &#39;The government has lost credibility&#39; 11.12.2010 / 16:25 VIDEO: Sanader time of flight to the arrest 11.12.2010 / 15:23 Sanader&#39;s assets could be frozen 11.12.2010 / 14:34 Former Prime Minister came before the investigating judge content of the testimony ...
 12.11.2010 / 14:09 Uzelac: Case Sanader test the quality of the Croatian judiciary 12.11.2010 / 13:39 &#39;extradition to Croatia only depends on Sanader&#39; 11.12.2010 / 13:01 Share Leave a comment
 