LATEST All the miners were on the loose! She graduated from the Chilean rescue 33 miners who spent 68 days underground, and the last one before the 3-hour shifts extracted boss Luis Arzu. Why is it so important - read the article below. Salvage was started 22 hours earlier, at 5 pm our time, the surface was released 31-year-old Florencio Avalos. The family is now left for him, as well as doctors. Strong material and mentally stable, he is the reason that first comes out, because something might go wrong, so the organizers wanted it to be rescuing someone who has served his psychological and physical pressure. Among the saved Jimmy Sanchez, a 19-year-old Chilean, who were all men in the family also miners. Now his friends are given a flag football supporters club Universidad de Chile, with which Jimmy razmahao immediately. Photos Rescue see below article. psd as we approach the final moment when 33 miners from the mines of gold and copper in San Jose, after 68 days of detention carried out at 700 meters depth, finally through the tunnel excavated drill &quot;Plan B&quot; see the light of day, so they are beginning to emerge intrigue, envy and hostility, both among inmates and among their families.
 REUTERS main reason for this, as usually happens in life, is - money. In fact, fellow prisoners of miners who lost their jobs and nearly were themselves trapped, they asked whether they be disposed of after they learned that a famous Chilean philanthropist Leonardo Farkas at the expense of every family trapped miners pay check of $ 10,000? One child miners participated in the quiz and earned thousands of dollars, and 27 families have already initiated action for negligence, grave 10 000 &quot;lizard&quot;. Money and friendship golden calf this time there came down from the mountain, instead, rises from the depths of the earth ... He is aware of that and Brandon Fisher, director of Center Rock Inc.., A charge of rescue. He worked on the rescue of nine miners in Pennsylvania 2002nd when he was able to see that money and make instant fame. - The guys from the mines in Pennsylvania, claimed to have gained lifelong friends, but as soon as the money came on the scene - a number of lawsuits, contracts for books and movies - things become really nasty - said Fisher.
 But what exactly is expected of individual miners, after they feel dry Atacama desert air and kissed loved ones, we can only speculate. What is certain, however, is that it will step into the sun in green overalls with names - first they are most ready, then they are weakest, so they decided to psychologists, after spending half an hour in a capsule during the ascent to the surface of the earth. Although an official decision on the rescue on Wednesday morning (5 hours Central European Time) is not officially released, Andre Sugarret, coordinator of rescue teams, &quot;Tweetalo&quot; is that last night, &quot;the miners last slept together.&quot; So far they made four experiments lowered 70 centimeters wide &#39;capsule&#39; (aptly named Phoenix 1) to the miners, and each was better than the previous one. Steel mountings are well kept, and no one clod of earth or rock is not collapsed under unfortunate prisoners. When the last drop, kaspula stopped only 12 meters from the miners ...
 - We wanted it all the way down to the end and take a chance that some miner jump into it - the minister said Laurence Golborne mining of which is more than obvious that the Chilean government plans to make the most of its theatrical rescue, as she likes to babble to them, the national hero. Such pomp and deserves your audience, and it is every day by the drill, &quot;Plan B&quot; all the greater. Families were there from the beginning, but the army of journalists are slowly but surely increasing, and the newest addition to &quot;play&quot; are the pilgrims. Magnet for religious groups, Bernard Lorca is one of them. Slowly winding and dusty road leading to the camp this 52-year-old pushed his wheelchair. - They were 33, so many years, had when Jesus died and came back to life. Menu is sufficient reason for coming - said while he was the Chilean flag vijorile with strollers. Bernard is just one of thousands of people who have traveled to the camp near the mine, known as Camp Hope, which became the location of the &#39;magnet&#39; for religious gatherings and the media circus.
 Dusty camp swarming with journalists, priests, engineers, pilgrims, religious musicians ... The situation among the miners did not rest of their lives! Although from the beginning showed unity among governments &#39;pact of silence&#39;. Just 17 days after the collapse of the five miners who were working for another company had argued with the rest of the team and taking it. Not admitted Luiz Urzujaza to head, but bold government has solved the problem by making the switch contracts to the company conducting the salvage, and he was forced to listen. Although underground miners have already interviewed with a lawyer who has made an agreement that guarantees that everyone will earn from selling the same rights to their story. Ozretić vlado / AFP Fear of the sun after they got out on the surface of the medical examination, the miners will be able to embrace two to three family members (who choose) about 20-odd minutes. Then go to the detailed examination and psychological counseling.
 The one who remains last, shall be entered in the Guinness Book of Records, and he smiles and cash award. Because they leaked the story about the dispute between the miners, but in vain, since it will decide the order of exit doctor. Miners at the pit exit will be allowed to expose to the sun or because they might burn the skin.
 