IslamBosna.ba-How the media and chase the Muslim influence in France and witnessed an incident where police were forced to stop fights that broke out in a furniture store, after a middle-aged teacher strgla niqab Muslim sister. Ruby Jeanne (63), appeared before the Correctional Tribunal of Paris to defend the attacks on Shaik al-Suwaidi (26), originating from the United Arab Emirates. Islamophobic old tore the niqab is a nurse in the clothing store and told her to &#39;clean their own country. &quot; Year-old sister said she was a retired teacher sent sarcastic remarks about the niqab. &quot;For me, wearing the niqab aggressive act, no niqab in my country,&quot; said the Frenchwoman nikabofobična. Ruby, who is accused of serious violence, said it was &#39;lost control&#39; when he saw how Al-Suwaidi furniture selections in a store . teacher who previously has worked in Morocco and Saudi Arabia said that El-Suwaidijevoj told to remove her niqab, then he was grabbed and pulled.
 A few minutes later she started to hit Al-Suwaidi, who refused to remove her niqab. &quot;I went to it and then tore her niqab,&quot; she was charged, according to a police report. &quot;Then we started to attack. I was very upset.&quot; After being slapped Al-Suwaidi, Ruby took off her niqab, saying: &quot;Now I can see your face &#39;security guards had to separate the women, while one of the protection described the fighting as&#39; pure niqab-rage&#39;. Ms. Al-Suwaidi suffered cuts and bruises. She was so upset that he left France and returned to the Emirates, and will attend court proceedings. The incident occurred in otherwise Trignac, near Nantes, a country that is preparing for the introduction of the ban niqab. A police officer said the teacher did not was happy to see another buyer under nikaboom and wanted to introduce a ban on niqab as soon as possible. At one point the old woman, who was accompanied by a daughter, sister, it has connected the niqab with Belphegor, a character who is well known to viewers of French television as a horrible demon character.
 Comparison with Belphegor was especially provoked the situation, said the police, because his image classic writers used the terms of the Ambassador of Hell in France and connect it with evil. Belphegor, who hates human beings, usually portrayed as a demonic monster with horns and sharp nails, a wound is often presented in a mask. French parliament odborio formal proposal where the burka, niqab and other forms of Islamic dress declared &quot;uvrednom national values.&quot; Not for some consolation, but many have criticized antiburka lobby, which includes President Nicolas Sarkoziyija the stigmatization of Muslim women. IsamBosna.ba Posted by Islamists at 23:11, print, #
 