In Zagreb, catering and social life had a cult status. Talk about them, they also regularly came, they were easily recognizable image of the city. Coffeehouses Corso and Medulić, restaurants Forest Palace, City Cellar, under the old roof, Zagorec ... and many others were once regular social and gastronomic gathering, now abandoned, half-forgotten, like any beggar to whom to turn good intentions and only a few remember what they once meant in Zagreb. Some causes of degradation have failed because of unresolved property rights, the other for fraud over privatization, the third due to smoke compared with Act ... Can it be revitalized, can they get back former splendor? The cultural elite in the cafe Corso drew the Krleža, Marinkovic and many other notables pillory Corso Cafe on the corner of Ilica and Gundulic street, known for its Art Nouveau interior with magnificent chandeliers, marble chairs and leather chairs, it was, history teaches us, is a popular meeting place for citizens over middle class and then the beautiful and najotmjenija town cafe.
 A little less than 100 years, because of its cultural significance, was recorded on film, in it regularly drop by Miroslav Krleza, Ranko Marinković and other dignitaries, and today is taped corny commercials an imported beer. Premises owned by the city you just green posters linking coffee Corso and just taped adjacent Medulić cafe on the corner of Ilica and Medulićeva street. And the representative area has been the closed and gaping empty, and street musicians with their music &quot;is memory, pure nostalgia&quot; senior citizens who would like to once again feel the splendor of the once glorious Zagreb cafe. Both areas are owned by the City, in which apparently have no vision to return to Zagreb, cult cafes. Cultural elite of the infamous Trail of failed coffee shop, with uncertain prospects for the revival going and once iconic establishments such as restaurants Forest Cmrok the court, called Split City basement next to City Cafe, under the old roof in the Upper Town and Zagorec in Frankopanska street.
 Legendary Palace restaurant at Prekrižje Forest, a favorite place for locals, especially the garden terrace in summer, today is the ruins of broken glass, remnants of Christmas decorations, and garbage depot - intolerable mockery of the elite zone. It is owned by the Mayor of Split Zeljko Keruma, whose plans for the renovation of the restaurant as yet unknown, but speculated that Kerum build a hotel with a restaurant. City Cellar Cellar malfeasance on the square, next to City Cafe, which is leased Pave Zubak, is owned by the City. Instead of the cuisine of the restaurant says the culinary sections, it is written on the black chronicle, with reference to the financial irregularities committed in the conversion. After 180 years was closed and the pub under the old roof in the Upper Town. The reason for the closure of the popular krčmice, where they gathered bohemians, artists, poets, and that served as scenery for the film &quot;Who sings, evil thoughts,&quot; Restriction of the use of tobacco products, which is the local centuries-old tradition brought to bankruptcy .
 Owner Goran Albini Kamanjo has no plans to open a restaurant under the old roof. Sights of Zagreb
 