19/11/2010 Athens, on Thursday pledged to carry out additional procedures in order to meet targets agreed with the EU and the IMF. (Bloomberg, The Irish Times - 19/11/10, Reuters, AP, AFP, FT, The Wall Street Journal, BBC, ANA-MPA - 18/11/10) The Greek government plans to reduce its budget for 2011. year for another 5 billion euros. [Reuters] Greece on Thursday (November 18) revealed the final draft of its budget for 2011, obavezavši to further austerity measures to meet requirements for financial rescue loan of 110 billion from the IMF and the EU. The need for additional cuts in state spending has emerged after a review of public deficit countries in 2009. by Eurostat, the EU statistical office, on Monday showed that he was at the level of 15.4% of GDP, not 13.6% as previously thought. This is a &quot;changed the starting position,&quot; said the cabinet meeting on Thursday, Prime Minister George Papandreou.
 In the first draft budget for 2011, drafted last month, Greece has planned next year to reduce its budget deficit to 2.2 billion euros. However, new figures released this week were forced to consider more cuts needed to enable it to fulfill its obligations towards the EU and the IMF. From the Ministry of Finance announced that the goal to narrow the budget gap for the 5 billion euros, so that he in 2011. reach 17 billion euros, ie 7.4% of GDP. The agreement on financial rescue, the public deficit countries in 2010. was supposed to be at a level of about 8% of GDP. Figures published on Thursday, however, have shown that it is expected that it will be much higher, with an anticipated level of 9.4% of GDP. In order to fulfill the objectives for 2011. agreed with the EU and the IMF, the Greek ruling PASOK party plans to raise the VAT rate from 11 to 13%, cut government spending, healthcare and defense sectors, as well as introduce a freeze in nominal pensions.
 It also promises to significantly reduce operating costs and pays utility-loss-and to intensify the fight against tax evasion. &quot;This is a difficult budget that continues the course of the previous year, which will continue the effort after the country could no longer borrow in the market, which wants to keep the number of jobs and growth,&quot; said Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou. According to the final draft budget for next year, it is anticipated that the scope of economics in 2010. reduced by 4.2% in 2011th 3%, not 2.6% as projected last month. According to the national Greek news agency ANA-MPA, the expectations of the government that the country will achieve a positive growth of 1.1% of GDP in 2012, and 2.1% of GDP in the coming year. Figures in the draft budget also say that it is expected that unemployment will increase from 12.1% this year to 14.6% in 2011, and Papaconstantinou said on Thursday admitted that the government, although it was not the goal, may have kresati number jobs in the public sector.
 &quot;To reduce the deficit in the state-owned enterprise, you must either increase revenue or reduce costs,&quot; he said, according to the AP. &quot;We do not start with plans for cutting jobs, but every public company to be considered on a case.&quot; In an effort to increase revenue from tourism, a key sector of the Greek economy, the government has decided to almost halve the rate of VAT on tourism services, with the current 11% to 6.5%. Related articles Loading &quot;We still have not won the battle, but now we are in a better position that we can solve real problems ... wasteful country, troubled state-owned enterprises and tax evasion,&quot; said Papaconstantinou, as reported by Reuters, at a news conference after the submission of the budget in Parliament. He said that later in the month could be announced concrete measures to combat tax evasion. Country&#39;s budget for 2011. will be put to a final vote in parliament 22nd
 December, and expects that it will be adopted without difficulty, since PASOK enjoys a comfortable majority in the legislature. Meanwhile, workers from the private sector plan to the general 24-hour strike before the vote, to protest planned austerity measures, and probably will be joined by staff from the public sector, according to Reuters. &quot;Our fears are confirmed,&quot; he said in a statement, as reported by the news agency, Yannis Panagopoulos, the head of the private sector union GSEE. This content was commissioned for SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 