Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The cigarette between your fingers - until now it was a frequent sight in Greek cafes, which will be now? Dimitris Arvanitis water cafe decorated in the style of Viennese coffee house than in a colorful alternative audience gladly visited the neighborhood &quot;Exarchia. It is a traditional gathering place for the bohemian teammates in Athens. Over 90 percent of his guests are heavy smokers and this is why Arvanitis, himself a heavy smoker, fears that a strict smoking ban could mean his business bankruptcy. He believes that every bar owner should be able to decide on how you may be in his pub smoke or not, depending on how he responds. Argues that this view is not nearly alone because his 40 other owners of cafes and restaurants, already hit by the recession, have joined in a campaign launched by anti-smoking ban. &quot;If we really keep the new law, we will have to close their shops,&quot; he says.
 Because it refuses to comply and ordered his colleagues to the government, if you insist on smoking, we will raise the hand of all. Before: &quot;Can we take a license, but in this case you will need to find new jobs for hundreds of people who currently work for us.&quot; Threats that are seriously in times of crisis, this argument is very seriously in Greece, because no government wants to be blamed for job losses. On the other hand, opponents of smoking in Greece also have their arguments. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The EU has for years been fighting various campaigns against smoking: this points to the impotence as a possible consequence of smoking ... Panayotis Behrakis, distinguished professor of medicine and president of &quot;Greek Committee against smoking,&quot; says that it is precisely in such times of crisis, the state must reduce public spending, and that includes the cost of medical care for smokers.
 &quot;Smoking is a huge burden on our economy. I would even go so far as to say: it is one of the reasons for the crisis in Greece by inflammation due to excessive debt, when you take into account that the cost of our country on medical care for people with health problems caused by smoking are estimated at two billion euros per year, &quot;argues an avid opponent of smoking. Failed rehearsal Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: ... and these &quot;pictures&quot; on the boxes would not want to discourage smokers to turn from his wickedness Last summer, Greece has already introduced a partial ban on smoking full of exceptions, holes and additional amendments that proved ineffective. This time, authorities are trying to apply the principle of sticks and carrots so they tightened the ban, but also reduce the penalties for offenders. Professor Behrakis believes that this attempt has a better chance for success, because last year a series of circumstances prevented the law that comes to life.
 &quot;After the summer we had an alarm over the swine flu, then there was the shift in power because of the economic crisis and scandal, and clearly that in such circumstances, the smoking ban could be a major priority,&quot; he explains. Today, he adds, again high on the list, and he hopes to be respected in practice: &quot;In most countries, including neighboring Turkey, no more smoking in public places, so why not Greece could be smoke free cigarettes? &quot; Who will control whom? Implementation of the new measures will be monitored by special inspectors and local police. Owners of bars and restaurants shall be liable for any violation of the smoking ban and threaten them penalties of up to 10,000 euros. Owner cafes Dimitris Arvanitis, however, says that he refuses to play Big Brother and requested that the police let him alone, and that alone accounted for his guests. &quot;You know, I can not urge people to smoke or not smoke, it&#39;s their decision.
 If someone wants to smoke, I can only give him an ashtray, because I want my local to be clean and neat, &quot;explains his stance Arvanitis. Bildunterschrift: The Greeks have been smoked everywhere, even in the workplace According to recent survey, seven out of ten o&#39;clock Cypriots supported a general ban on smoking, while over 90 percent of nonsmokers approving the measure. However, its implementation in practice will certainly not be easy in a country where over 40 percent of people still smoke in public places, in taxis, and even in the workplace . Author: J. Papadimitriou / Dragojevic D. Re. ed.: Z. Arbutina
 