Author: Miroslav Kuskunović Posted: 16.06.2010 Rajić concept is to conquer the entire process - from apple production, through cold, to trade Croatia - Luka Rajic, a former owner of the largest Croatian Dairy Dukat, preparing a big investment in agriculture, namely, the scarce fruit production. Although the Rajićevoj companies still do not want to confirm whether the negotiations on the purchase of approximately 170 acres of orchards in the County of Sisak-Moslavina completed, several sources confirmed to us that Rajic before entering into this profitable business. RELATED NEWS News One of the largest domestic horticulture expert, Francis Ivkovic, confirmed that Rajic was estimated value of three orchards in the county, and if Raji offer good price to current owners, it could &quot;logical question arises,&quot; seven million euros. New Project is the owner of 170 acres of Raji apple fruit, in the beginning will become the second largest grower - after Todoric&#39;s, whose Agrokor already has 300 hectares of apples.
 &quot;The company Lura investments since its establishment in 2006th His interest in exploration and discovery of new concepts and projects in the Croatian market. One such project is a new potential and the opportunity to participate in domestic and international market of fruits and vegetables through the company Lura fruit, &quot;we were told the company&#39;s UniCredit. They explained that they were only the basic concept aimed at the entire process from the producer to the store. We import 20,000 tons of Francis Ivkovic said the situation in the Croatian usitnjenoj fruit production today is such that each grower for a good price ready to sell their orchard. Croatia for their needs still imports huge quantities of apples, between 15,000 and 20,000 tons. Annually fruit imports to 180 million euros, while our exports do not exceed 20 million euros, says Ivkovic believes that in order to enter the fruit Rajic impetus for others to go into this production. Croatia needs another 1000 hectares of apple orchards, says Ivkovic.
 The largest fruit growers Ivica Todoric, Agrokor -300 acres Luka Rajic (if you buy orchards) - 170 acres Marjan Filipovic, Finvest Corp - 100 hectares (planning to planting 500) Tomislav Peraica, Fragaria - about 100 acres Number of recommendations: 3 Post on Facebook more about ... FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 