Sexual and political scandals that, but the days of earthquakes Northern Ireland, and Great Britain, from moment to moment acquires new elements. After it was discovered that protestantkinja Iris Robinson, wife of sixty Northern Ireland prime minister, a member of Parliament and President-Democratic Unionist Party Peter Robinson about a year and a half maintained a sexual relationship with a 40 years young entrepreneur, Kirk McCambleyjem Catholic, Irish newspaper published that Mrs. Robinson s lover for many years with his father. Billy McCambley was a wealthy butcher from East Belfast and a longtime member of the party with whom he met Iris for a long time. The First Lady of Ireland&#39;s relationship with his young McCambleyjem began the burial of his father, who died 2008th On his deathbed Iris is his longtime lover promised to take care and look after the young Kirk and his word is held not only in bed but also in the business when her young lover of the two businesses provide 50,000 pounds to open cafes in south Belfast.
 Since Iris is the same undertaking for its own account took five thousand pounds, a hot night with a young Kirk is usually conducted at the residence of his wife while this was on a business trip. -Democratic Unionist Party, which Iris was a member and representative in the Northern Ireland Parliament, Mrs. Robinson was ejected from the membership, and this would be an affair could have long term consequences not only on the political career of her husband but also to the peace process in Ireland. The public was indignant private life is representative of the conservative party as its fundamental values proclaimed by family and faith, and all the louder calls for complete withdrawal from political life, Robinson. While Iris Robinson for attempting suicide on psychiatric treatment, Sin Fein has already filed for an emergency meeting of Parliament in order to clarify and resolve the controversy. Meanwhile, former Irish Prime Minister Lord Trimble believes that Robinson has lost any respect and should resign from his position.
 - As a leader of the party without a word to watch as his wife loses the status of being accused of immorality, it means a loss of authority - said Trimble.
 