Called to Holiness ASSOCIATED PASCHAL MYSTERY Experiencing change the joys and sorrows, ups and uskršavanja all, at least empirically, we participate in Christ&#39;s paschal mystery. However, if this is a result of a conscious acceptance of participation, then it touches the heart of every man and every woman, formed by the &quot;divine&quot; dimension by special action of the Holy Spirit, and introduces him to a specific community of love with the Triune God. Salvation or holiness depends on the attitude that anyone takes this the secret. Speared Christ, servant of the Lord is the ultimate detection of the Father&#39;s love and the new creation in the Holy Spirit. Accept it or not depends on the give of our Trinitarian communion of the Father who created us and awaits us in His infinite mercy, the Son, who made himself servant of love and invites us to follow him to the fullness of his Passover and Holy Spirit, who gives birth to new creation redeemed Blood of the Lamb, and gives us the chalice of the New Alliance.
 Experiencing change the joys and sorrows, ups and uskršavanja all, at least empirically, we participate in Christ&#39;s paschal mystery. However, if this is a result of a conscious acceptance of participation, then it touches the heart of every man and every woman, formed by the &quot;divine&quot; dimension by special action of the Holy Spirit, and introduces him to a specific community of love with the Triune God. Salvation or holiness depends on the attitude that anyone takes this the secret. Speared Christ, servant of the Lord is the ultimate detection of the Father&#39;s love and the new creation in the Holy Spirit. Accept it or not depends on the give of our Trinitarian communion of the Father who created us and awaits us in His infinite mercy, the Son, who made himself servant of love and invites us to follow him to the fullness of his Passover and Holy Spirit, who gives birth to new creation redeemed Blood of the Lamb, and gives us the chalice of the New Alliance. John Paul II at the beginning of this new millennium, encouraging the Church to reasonably put spirituality back to first place in their religious life and evangelization, says this: &quot;Is not &#39;mark time&#39; which is observed today in the world, despite a widespread process of secularization, the spread demands of spirituality, which is most evident in the renewed need for prayer? &quot; [01] The social context in which we are involved in the ongoing evolution.
 The ancient Christian lands, as we are, you are forging the way other religions and religious systems of thought offer new answers to inner questions of men and women of our time, no longer rooted in traditional Christianity. In this context, the Church is challenged to seek new routes to the entrance in the heart of today&#39;s lukewarm Christians to make them re-kindled the fire of faith. An authentic witness to the spiritual life can once again inspire the desire in those where it has no, to descend into the depths of your own being, that it required the presence of God, who comes to meet us in the mystery of life. Pope, in this connection, it says: &quot;We, who have the grace to believe in Christ, who reveals the Father and the Savior of the world, we have a duty to respond to the depth of which can result in a relationship with him. The great mystical tradition of the Church, whether in the East was in the West, be of much use in this regard. It shows that prayer can move forward as a genuine dialogue of love, to the point that the human person so imbued with the divine favorite, blinking at the touch of spirit, that person is a child committed to the Father&#39;s heart. &quot; [02] Already II.
 Second Vatican Ecumenical Council, pointing to what is determined by the spiritual fullness of Christian life and how much fullness is achieved, confirmed that all who are baptized without exception are called to holiness. And it really stands the Constitution on the Church &quot;Lumen Gentium&quot;: &quot;It is clear that all believers, of any class and level are invited to a full Christian life and the perfect love ... In the various types of life and the various duties of a foster holiness of all that led by the Spirit of God and who obey the Father&#39;s voice and adoring God the Father in spirit and in truth, follow Christ, poor, humble and burdened by a cross, that deserve to be in his glory. Each to his gifts and services must not hesitate to go through a living faith, which gives hope and works through love. &quot; [03] The way in which to learn, which is spiritually mature, that reminds us of the same Parliament, participation in Christ&#39;s paschal mystery: &quot;... the Spirit offers everyone the possibility that, in a manner known to God, join the Paschal mystery.&quot; [04] The spiritual life is, therefore, letting the Holy Spirit lead us to permanent framing Mystery of Christ dead and risen.
 A Christian who lives by the Spirit is attentive to God&#39;s work in its inner and outer life and not worry about the anxiety that it is completely clean and without sin. He is aware that the Spirit of the risen Christ in him a workable and that it leads to the fullness of life, although living in a world fraught with conflict and contradiction. St. Paul calls the first Christians to &quot;live in history&quot; by allowing the Spirit Risen to them from glory to usher in &quot;a measure of stature of the fulness of Christ.&quot; [05] Slow and gradual transformation of personal life in Christ makes men and women of the Easter: the world, adult witnesses of faith in Christ Paschal. The new and everlasting covenant, that each day we celebrate the Eucharist, makes us sharers in humiliation and humility Servant, the Lamb slain Christ, who out of pure love not jealously guarded treasure himself as God, but emptied himself, until his death on the cross. [06] This reduction in Christ and Servant of the Lord may be accepted if the words make their daily food needs and the light that we can &#39;see&#39; the faith, the germs of the Holy Spirit, and accept calls to the speech.
 Holy Spirit, who leads our inner life, our hearts are trimmed and stamped the seal of the Alliance, which promotes the love to the limit. The only real power is hidden and resurrection of Jesus and His Spirit in history and in our hearts, can make us victorious over the evil that captured our existence, taking various forms of sin, power, fear, conditioning and all the inherent limitations of human nature. Christ lives in us and among us, just because it was raised. With his resurrection, the Gospel becomes the creative word of new life, a church fellowship of brotherly love, mimicking the Trinitarian love of God, every government in the service of liberation, and the apostolic mission of the true Whit event in the world. Even the liturgy takes the dimensions of remembrance, for which an advance participates in Christ&#39;s glorious arrival in human history. All of our human reality: work, relationships, property, technology, science, etc., are imbued with the presence of the Holy Spirit and can be imbued with the ultimate plan of God, and it was full communion with Him.
 For the disciple of Christ salvation is nothing but a still deeper immersion in the creation of the Paschal mystery of communion, and that means the death of the old man, who goes by the new man in the resurrection of the divine life of our Saviour, to live by the Spirit. Where and when we are immersed in this mystery of death and life in the Holy Spirit? Every spiritual life begins with baptism: this is the first and fundamental immersion in the death and resurrection of Christ. This makes us the sacrament of the priests at Christ the priest and enables us to advance on the road by the grace of the Spirit. All titles are in the beginning of Baptism: marriage, priesthood, any dedication in general. After the Eucharist, the spiritual life reaches maturity, passing a permanent path of reconciliation with God in Christ&#39;s blood. All the sacraments are unavoidable indirect means by which our Holy Spirit shapes the image of God the Son, and thus allows the Father loves us the same love that loves the Son. Besides the sacraments given us a word that points us in the whole paschal mystery of Christ, takes us into his death and resurrection that our participation was the fruit of the Holy Spirit and not simply a human effort, devoid of success.
 In addition to the liturgy celebrates the mystery and gives the life of every Christian and the Christian community experience of faith, hope and love. The spiritual dimension of Christian, a permanent orientation towards the fullness of the Passover, as it passes through the earth, guided by the Holy Spirit, and a burning desire for eternal life which was already submerged, but not fully. Embodied in the History of Christian, called to the heights of holiness, can not escape from the historical reality which is embodied on the contrary, we constantly need to seek God in everyday life, the socio-economic and political opposition and not succumb to any pressure on one&#39;s own conscience, and spiritual identity. Spirituality is a continuous detection of seeds dispersed by the Holy Spirit in history and unconditional openness to the future of news, which is woven unpredictability and boldness. To live this life stance means to accept the hypothesis of quality of life differently, starting from our spiritual depth, not throwing away the current history; means never forget to explore the roots of human experience and give ultimate meaning to everyday choice not to remain trapped in what surrounds us.
 This is accomplished by a serious spiritual discernment, the Holy Spirit is the one that runs and manages our steps on the path of growth. According to John Paul II, in any human heart can not be quenched until the end of the aspiration and the need for &quot;religious&quot; meaning of life. &quot;The conscience of every man, when he has the courage to face up to the toughest questions of human existence, especially with questions about the meaning of human life, suffering and deaths must shout together with St. Augustine:&quot; For you yourself created us, O Lord, and restless is our heart until not rest; in You &quot;(St. Augustine, Confessiones, I, 1: CCL 27.1). So today&#39;s world of ever more vivid evidence of his openness to spiritual and transcendental view of life, the awakening of interest in religious studies, feelings about the return of the sacred and to prayer, on the request freely invoke the name of the Lord. &quot; [07] Every man and every woman, who now want to answer the question of deep and true meaning of life, sees the Crucified &quot;free and infinite, just incredible love.&quot; [08] Lamb sacrificed, and wounded, the primordial sacrament of sympathy with the Father, who never ceases to give his own Son to people in its eternal Passover, the source from which the Holy Spirit pours out upon the whole world.
 With this certainty, which is the lived experience, we are called to be advocates of Christian hope in the current culture of death and various forms of disappointment and pain. The time in which we live, it really is a lot of collective disappointment, crisis and enchantment. From this confusion should not run away to where we think the sun shines, it is necessary just to stay with him who passionately seek the meaning of life and waiting, in silence, the power of resurrection, hidden in the darkness of human fatigue and fracture. You need to know suživjeti with the darkness, as Christ is the historic Good Friday and the power of faith, in a twilight prove trace of light, confident that the dawn will come, because it is a great day of eternity already given. S Melito of Sardis must sing: &quot;He is our Passover salvation ... He is the Lamb without a vote, the Lamb slain ... on, where the wood was not a bone broken, that the earth was defiled, that he is risen from the dead man raised from the depths of the underworld . [09] Hope, we wish to convey our world, obliges us to walk through a non-daily, while holding the torch of divine wisdom and singing a new song in the heart of the redeemed.
 If you are not tired in the ongoing effort to distinguish the presence of the Spirit in our personal and general history, we can become the guardians of the parts as well as news and heralds the secrets of God&#39;s love, which, though invisible in the visible world is present and effective. Speared Christ, it is in the midst of human failure, according to our life and invites us to watch as the Lord of history and the Crucified, who has risen. The Cross teaches us not to run forward out of fear before the present, but with a prophetic spirit, accept the concrete reality of life. This ability to know &quot;stay&quot; anchored in Christ, immersed in the present is an invitation to be prophets. In the midst of commitment to death and violence, which our world is full of spiritual men and women are expected to announce a future in which he defeated death, because &quot;Christ was killed by the death of her death and it was destroyed is death, but it is not destroyed.&quot; [10] How can you say, &quot;The resurrection is the end, the climax of Christ&#39;s Paschal outcomes out that Christ was not made just for themselves but through him, brought with him and within himself all the people with whom to identify.
 Christ&#39;s Passover, therefore, our Passover, Christ&#39;s resurrection is our resurrection. &quot;[11] The Spirit of the Risen Lord, as a divine fire that burned the bush, and not burnt [12] transforms us into new sources of life and herald news in the extent to know a permanent stop to the actual source, which emanates from the side of the Crucified. &quot;Water the sheep to Christ, says St. Ambrose, as he rocks from which spring water. Water the sheep to Christ, because He is the source of life. Water the sheep to Christ, because he River whose waters cheer the city of God ... Water the sheep to Christ, because the river of living waters spring from his chest. ŽEDNO INFINITE Christ on the Cross said: &quot;I thirst.&quot; [14] His pierced side, from which he later came out blood and water, became a symbol of the rock dry, thirsty, waterless, speaks of the psalm. [15] In this way, Christ identifies himself with the wounded humanity, torn by the lack of love, because of sin, humanity deprived of life, convicts to death.
 Ali, the prophet foretold: &quot;... because in the desert provreti water in desert streams, sažgana country will become a lake, and thirsty ground - sources.&quot; [16] The first accomplishment of this prophecy happened in Christ glorified. Was crucified she was thirsty desert water from the ground (&quot;I thirst&quot;), or with the sky (why have you forsaken me? &quot;). He was drenched with one mighty river of the Holy Spirit, who proceeds from the Father, which he transformed from desert into a source of life. So, all who see it as a pierced, which was raised and live there, will be able to say with the Psalmist: &quot;Blessed is the man whose help you while preparing for the holy ways! Passes a dry valley, the source of water power PROMECAM ... they grow from moment to moment until you see God in Zion ... the LORD God is a sun and shield: he gives grace and glory. &quot; [17] the Spirit of glory and resurrection gives to the thirsty human valley flowing stream of living water, and seem to flourish our desert. Thus, the Passover of Christ all mankind may live their vases.
 The living water that Christ is glorified, is offered to every believer, that from his heart off every other evil thirst. [18] A mature Christian is one who live drinking water and blood of Christ from the source of the Paschal mystery, in its own way becomes a torrent of peace, joy and light to all who are approaching and so responds to Paul&#39;s invitation, addressed to the community the Thessalonians: &quot;This is God&#39;s will : your sanctification &quot;. [19] From the book: Ana Maria Vissani Easter identity, maturing spiritual life [01] John Paul II, coming of the third millennium, no. 33 [02] Ibid. [03] Vatican II, Lumen Gentium, no. 40-41 [04] Second Vatican Ecumenical Council, Gaudium et Spes, no. 22nd [05] Cf. Eph 4.13 [06] Cf. Phil 2:6-11 [07] John Paul II, Christifideles laymen, no. 4 [08] CEI, Evangelism and the testimony of love, no. 22 [09] Melito of Sardis, Sur la Paque: SC 123.97-101 [10] St.. Augustine, On Psalm 51.1; PL 36.600 [11] MJ Le Guillou, Resurrexit, 531 [12] Cf.
 Ex 3.2 [13] Ambrose, Commentary on the Psalms, I, 33, CSEL, 64.29 [14] John 19:28 [15] Ps 63.2 [16] from 35.6 to 7 [17] Ps 84, 6-12 [18] Cf. Jn 4.14 [19] 1 Thessalonians 4.3
 