New World Order is Single World Government the Trilateral Commission is a private organization founded to achieve a closer cooperation between the United States, Europe and Japan. Established in July 1973rd on the initiative of David Rockefeller at that time presided over the Council for external links, and therefore, the Trilateral Commission is widely seen as an inevitable part of the Council. Many consider the modern Illuminati because of the structure and goals represent. Creating a world government through the economic and political manipulation. The Illuminati have skillfully infiltrated into all systems, modernize their methods and concepts, and rule the world as a shadow cabinet. Masonic associations and ways are obsolete in their understanding and perhaps too devoted to esoteric teachings of the Masonic because they can not win the race with &quot;enhanced&quot; in order to rule Iluminaima Svijetom.Osim history of possible conspiracy and speculation about how the secret societies influenced the political and economic developments at the global level, it is time to devote to what is happening today.
 The current situation of U.S. President Barrack Obama shouted the whole world proclaiming the new president of the United States, believing that the first African American president will bring change, not only in the mind but also in global politics. But a man named Webster Tarpley who besides being an accomplished historian and biographer of some amreičkih former president does not think so. Muslim origin of the current U.S. president is just cunningly devised &quot;spin&quot; to U.S. foreign policy does not lead to calming the conflict in the Middle East, but to a much larger outbreak of &quot;mythical&quot; conflict supervelesila. Everyone knows that the centers of political, military and economic power does not lie in Kabul and Baghdad, but in Moscow, Beijing and Washington ... To be a bit out of the loss-making conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq (and almost from the war with Iran for which there was a direct threat during the July-August 2007.) America is with Obama has created a new &quot;Mandžurijskog candidates&quot; and thereby made a point to &quot;and&quot; synthetic conflict &quot;the war against terrorism&quot; that began in 2001.
 According to Tarpley concerned, the candidacy of Barrack Obama is more militaristic and aggressive of the nomination of his predecessor, Bush and his neo-conservatives. New U.S. prdsjednik is nothing more than a puppet on the end of the Trilateral Commission, and in particular certain Zbigniew Brzezinski. Webster Tarpley author of &quot;War 9/11-sintetički&quot; The Trilateral Commission was to be a clique of bankers who led the Carter administration, and many can remember how it was a disaster-economically and strategically. Now this same Trilateral Commission is behind the candidacy of Barrack Obama, but with more preparation and indoctrination. This clique is now decided by the head of the nation&#39;s lead not a right wing and neo conservative, but leftists and demagogues who promises &quot;hope&quot; and &quot;change&quot;, but actually represents a qualitatively worse and destructive goals and can deliver Europe as pawns and sacrificial lamb. &quot; Project adnistracije Obama will be wars in the Middle East, but on a larger scale wars.
 As I said before, and according to Brzezinski centers of power lie in Beijing and Moscow, and he is determined to shaft U.S. V.Britanija held in the coming period as the ruling supervelesila. This project is more concise and more elaborate than the neo-konzervatističkog approach &quot;destroy and conquer,&quot; because oil is no longer a question of the preponderance and prestige. This is confirmed by the signing of the Shanghai agreement signed by China and Russia and some countries of the former Soviet Union. The American right has the right solution for this scenario, and the left supported by the Soros and Rockefeller (Trilateral Commission)-exults. Take for example the access to McCain and neo-conservatives ... they say &quot;bombardirajmo Iran with all means available&quot;, while Brzezinski says, do not do it, because the U.S. is already facing bankruptcy and can not afford another war of such magnitude ... Instead, its ally Iran učinmo and fought them with Russia. Zbigniew Brzezinski &quot;mastermind&quot; Brzezinski has already done a zarativši Afghanistan with the Soviet Union and the U.S. arming the Afghans with weapons.
 Want to apply the same scenario with Syria .... Realizing the strategic importance of Tartosa in Syria, Brzezinski was some time ago visited this place with the aim of expelling the Russians and turning them against Syria ... And so, instead of becoming the enemy of Muslims, they become cannon fodder in the aforementioned potential conflict against Russia and China. And the Russians and Chinese imajusvoje Muslim minorities that would give soul and heart to get rid of their &quot;oppressors&quot; (in China are Viguri) ... All you need is to support the minority and arm them to the teeth-scale guerrilla war world. Another example: if the Americans are concerned about Sudan, Darfur and the humanitarian crisis? - NOT! The fact is that Sudan with almost 10% of supplying China with oil. The battle will take place in Afghanistan that Americans at all costs they want to keep as a strategic stronghold against the Shanghai Association. Secret Societies and Public Relations Public invitation to visit the web address of the Freemasons of America PR, public relations, marketing and propaganda, people are seriously realized secret societies.
 One phrase best summarizes the purpose of confidentiality of secret societies, and that is: &quot;The greatest trick the Devil took to convince the world that does not exist.&quot; Banality of its own activity, secret societies skilfully used publications, internet and all possible forms of advertising, because you yourself admit, the internet is full of totally ridikuloznih theories related to the existence of secret societies in which people just wave their hands, what goes into the hands of secret societies. We&#39;re all going to laugh at there web site &quot;secret society&quot;, because it negates the very essence of their primary targets-remain secret. Mysticism and esotericism, which is always associated with secret societies have long abandoned the concept, which has experienced a boom during the past century, when people are just beginning to discover and temljito pručavati new civilizations such as Egypt. Mysticism and ignorance about these civilizations, and despite all the fashionable, affected the flirting secret societies with esoteric teachings.
 All secret societies (justified and unjustified) for their aim the creation of a new world order. About the possibility of continuous talk time in the future, oblivious to the fact that he already created. Today the world is divided between three strong sphere of influence: the American-British alliance, the alliance of Russia, China and some other former Soviet states formed the Shanghai Accord, and the European Union. If we add the galloping globalization, the dream of creating a &quot;new world order&quot; is no more real. Furthermore, we all know that we still solve long-standing domination of communism, which was literally copied the concept of a utopian society and propagated by the Masons and the Illuminati. Public posturing Masons who are in this way opens to the public Now ... You do not think that the world is run by people in a Masonic apron and black pupae maintaining a kind of &quot;black masses&quot; ... As in all segments of the modernized world, they went up and secret societies , as well as candles and eroded tooth vremna pamphlets and books, simply replace the keyboard and mouse, and other forms of communication.
 Initiation system for use by modern society, so called. &quot;White Masonry,&quot; such as Lions and Rotary is not bouncing a lot of vrmena ancient secret societies. And those in their ranks, only received the invitation, and must be a prominent actors of various communities of interest. From a doctor specializing in all possible mile branch of medicine, lawyers, statesmen, politicians, and even if I should still go on .... &quot;Fraternal solidarity&quot; prescribed by the mentioned companies for easier associate member companies, which means that the business partnership belong to the same organizations have certain privileges Unlike the rest of the world. This is a conscious impact on the global economic and political situation, so we can safely say that the secret societies are not gone already, simply, modernized and adapted to conditions today. Just when we thought that history is always swallowed and secret societies, democratic aspirations and freedom of speech enabled their flourishing.
 Something for which people are in bondage before and burned at the stake, now we find out through two or three mouse clicks on the website. In other words, the secret societies are no longer &quot;secret&quot; because there is no need for it. If your website can have a satanic church, why they would not have a secret društva.Nadalje, we must take into account that certain companies became &quot;secret&quot; because of current social conditions of individual countries, and today people with similar interests easy udužuju in association . Although the approach and how to implement the program differs significantly from the &quot;ancient&quot; secret society &quot;-the essence is the same. Group members always have priority in achieving its goals.
 