In Moscow oporbenjaci headed by Garry Kasparov protest against Prime Minister Putin signs like &#39;Putin is Stalin. &quot; International Labour Day was marked around the globe on Saturday with traditional parades and other expressions of discontent against the government, and sometimes violence. Most people at one point gathered at Istanbul&#39;s main square Taksimi. Organizers, six trade union confederations and a dozen ljevièarskih parties and organizations, claiming that there are 300 thousand. Taksim was banned for Labour Day celebrations since 1977. when it was attacked by unknown opened fire on the assembled crowd. In the resulting panic and stampede were killed over 30 people. Today&#39;s celebration passes peacefully, a security takes care of 22 thousand officers. Across Russia, in hundreds of cities and towns of the Pacific coast to Kaliningrad, the prvosibanjskim parades are attended by approximately 1.7 million people, organized by the Communist Party, trade unions and nationalists, according to Russian media.
 In Greece clashes of protesters and police in the main square in Tirana on Saturday in the eyes of my eyes, separated by a large kordnom police found the supporters of the opposition and the ruling Democratic Socialist Party. Twenty representatives of Socialists began a hunger strike at the same time on the Red Square in Moscow, there were three thousand Communists with traditional stranaèkim and Soviet banners. He led them to the party chairman Gennady Zyuganov. Labour used the hundreds of opposition supporters, predvoðenih former world chess champion Garry Kasparov, for a rare protest against the government of Vladimir Putin. They carried signs: &quot;Putin is Stalin,&quot; &quot;Putin&#39;s Brezhnev&quot;, &quot;Russia without Putin&quot;. In Athens and Thessaloniki, where a total of about 20 thousand people protested against the government&#39;s harsh austerity measures that are a prerequisite for obtaining international loans overdue for the country, there was a fight between the police and the radical protesters.
 The main square in Tirana on Saturday in the eyes of my eyes, separated by a large kordnom police found the supporters of the opposition and the ruling Democratic Socialist Party. Twenty representatives of Socialists also began to hunger strike, demanding a new vote count with the 28th parliamentary elections June 2009. year. They are joined in a hunger strike and two hundred citizens. Socialists began the protest on Friday evening, and on Saturday a party organized by Prime Minister Sali Berisha protuokupljanje. Tensions are high, and for the safety of care for more than a thousand police officers. In the French cities to protest gathered fewer people than last year. Most of them were in Bordeaux, between 3:20 p.m. thousand estimated organizers, and between two-five thousand of them appeared at rallies in Paris, Nantes, Marseille and Lille. Hong Kong workers greater minimum salaries Several hundred unemployed workers in the Gaza Strip demonstrated against the Israeli blockade of Palestinian areas controlled by Hamas.
 Tens of thousands of Indonesian workers flooded the city on 1 May, seeking to create new jobs and increase feed in minimum pay. In the capital Jakarta to the presidential palace sent a parade of workers in red and blue shirts, accompanied by waking 15 000 police officers tens of thousands of Indonesian workers flooded the city on 1 May, seeking to create new jobs and increase feed in minimum pay. In the capital Jakarta to the presidential palace sent a parade of workers in red and blue shirts, with waking accompanied by 15 000 officers. In Tokyo, the 32,000 employees and members of Workers&#39; union gathered in Yoyogi Park, izažavajuæi fear for the safety of their jobs. Labour Day was marked in Hong Kong, where workers are also looking to increase its minimum salaries. Conflict of protesters and police were in Manila, Kuala Lumpur, Seoul, Taipei and Macau.
 Several tens of thousands of Cubans celebrate the Labour Day at Revolution Square in Havana, before the eyes of the head of state Raul Castro and against &quot;interference&quot; of Western countries in their affairs.
 