Although the end of the war in Afghanistan not in sight, the political leaders of 28 member countries of NATO will be in Lisbon later this week to consider plans for the gradual withdrawal of its forces, and that it is not interpreted as a strategic defeat, announced the agency. At a summit on Friday and Saturday the leaders of NATO will support that strategy next year, responsibility for security in Afghanistan begins to indulge the Afghan military and police forces, which should take over full control to the end of 2014. The plan depends on whether the Afghan forces to reach a level where there could be resisted Taliban insurgents who are being held despite the now almost ten-year war. Afghan authorities are generally considered too corrupt, unstable and incapable of independent action, and efforts to increase the number of Afghan forces complicate many cases of escape from the army. Because of this, the allies, faced with opposition to the war in Afghanistan in their countries and all the less money that it approves of, wanting to leave as soon as possible from that country.
 Everybody wants to go ... &quot;We all want to go from here,&quot; said the unnamed official of NATO and added: &quot;Nobody wants to be here, everyone wants to go.&quot; However, leaders of the NATO alliance stress that it will not rush going, and he has no plans to their battalion mission completely abandoned 2014th year. &quot;We can not just pick up and go,&quot; said the official. &quot;We must ensure that after we have some prospect of success, that there are reasonable prospects that the structure will fail to survive,&quot; he added. Afghan President Hamid Karzai recently said he wants the United States to reduce the visibility of their presence in Afghanistan, and NATO Secretary General and Aners Fogh Rasmussen stressed that one can not agree with everything that the Afghan leader said. &quot;I have carefully read what he told President Karzai and his comments are consistent with the general orientation of NATO, therefore, for a transitional period during which the Afghans increasingly taking over command of military operations, and all foreign forces would no longer have a support role,&quot; said Rasmussen.
 &quot;Of course, I can not say that I agree with all that President Karzai has said about all these issues, but we must accept the fact that he was elected president of the country and to express their views and wishes,&quot; said Secretary General of NATO. Afghanistan is not ready Analyst Afghan Center for Research and Political Science Harun Mia said that talks on the withdrawal of foreign troops only encourage the rebels and that the risk increases. &quot;Unfortunately, Afghanistan is still not ready. If the United States and other allies begin to withdraw its troops, the Taliban would be safe to return,&quot; said Mir. &quot;The Afghan army will be able to take control so quickly. The question is whether in this case, the withdrawal of troops would be delayed or will be gradual, so as not to allow deterioration, or the pressure from home to be enough to pull and we risk a military failure in Afghanistan, &quot;said an analyst with the RAND Corporation&#39;s Brian Jenkins. (hin / metro-portal)
 