In a paper titled &quot;Runaway General&quot; (&quot;fugitive&quot;), General McChrystal and his pobočnici expressed unflattering opinions about the American ambassador in Kabul, the national security adviser, special envoy to Pakistan and Afghanistan, and even Vice President and the president, commander in chief. A former special police officer who was at the head of troops in Afghanistan is set 2009th the interview was harshly criticized Ambassador Charles Eikenberryja because of &quot;issues&quot; during the debate about increasing the number of troops in Afghanistan, saying: &quot;I&#39;m glad Karl, known for years, but we have not talked like this before. It is he who leads unadventurous policy to the history was described as someone who was right. &quot; The national security advisor James Jones McChrystal pobočnici speak as &quot;one clown who has not yet been released in 1985.&quot; Special envoy Richard Holbrooke, &quot;were sent e-mails that are not worth it even opened,&quot; a meeting with Obama a year ago McCrhystalovi pobočnici described as &quot;ten-painting&quot;: President Barack Obama angered the profile for the magazine who gave Genral intrevju in his most criticized officials.
 White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said that McChrystal made a huge mistake in the assessment. After the interview was leaked to the public (the new issue of Rolling Stone magazine is on newsstands Friday), Commander of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Admiral Mike Mullen, said McChrystal is a phone that is &quot;very disappointed&quot;, a general in Afghanistan has been invited to the White House on conversation. In an official statement, McChrystal said to be &quot;exaggerated&quot; statements: - I offer my sincere apology for this article. It was an error that points to a wrong assessment and was not supposed to happen. During his career, I lived by the principles of personal honor and professional integrity. What is reflected in this article is far from these standards. I Mr. Obama and his team of national security and civilian leaders and soldiers who fight in this war I respect and admire them, and persevering determination I take care of his favorable outcome.
 NATO spokesman James Appathurai said that the article in Rolling Stone, &quot;unpleasant&quot;, but NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmunssen said he &quot;has full confidence in General McChrystal as NATO commanders in his strategy.&quot; Commentators such as Quentin Sommervillea (BBC) reported that the interview confirmation of what the long suspected: that the differences in the opinions of military and civilian leadership the U.S. pretty deep and hard overriding.
 