Mimar Sinan (Turkish Koca or also known as Aga, was born on 15 April 1489, died July 17, 1588) was the chief Ottoman architect (Turkish architect) in the service of Sultan Selim I, Suleiman the Magnificent and Murad III. His masterpiece is the Selimiye Mosque in Edirne, although the best known Sulejmanovoj mosque in Istanbul. Sinan was probably born in 1490th year. 1511th year he came to Istanbul as a dervish recruiters and served as the Vizier Ibrahim Pasha beginner Palatskoj School. After 3 years after he became a skilled architect and engineer Selim joined the military campaigns to the east as part of engineer troops. When the Ottoman army won Cairo, Frank was promoted to chief architect and had the privilege to be able to demolish any building in the captured city, which was built by the city spatial plan. Contents [edit] Life Sinan first biography was written by Turkish writer and painter Mustafa Sai, a contemporary and personal friend of Sinan.
 This biography appeared immediately after the death of Sinan, 1588th year. It is said that Sinan was born in Kajseriji in Cappadocia. This fact led many historians to claim that Frank Greek origin, because at the time of birth Sinan inhabited by Christians of Cappadocia, and the Greeks identified with the Christians. 1938. the 350-anniversary of the death of Sinan, a Turkish historian B. Zlug presented some new data on the origin of Sinan. This data is based on the original written documents, which are located in the Turkish National Archives. According to them, Sinan was born in Agirnazu, a village in the bag, in the central part Kajserije. According to data sicils (Judicial Protocol) of the time, these regions are inhabited by Christians of Turkish origin, which is the Byzantine Empire, to be resisted the attacks of the Arabs settled in Anatolia. As a Christian child, Frank was brought to Istanbul, translated into Islam and given the Janissary army in the upbringing.
 Although this version is based on some historical written documents and it looks authentic, we believe that Sinan national origin does not matter. For us, the original significance of his work, which in the architecture represent the highest achievements of Islamic Ottoman architectural schools. According to data from B. Zluga, with which they agree to data E. Egli, did not know the exact date of birth or arrival of Sinan in Istanbul. With the highest probability is assumed to be born in 1490th or 1491st year. Already 1516th has participated as a construction worker in a military campaign against Egypt. The next five years there is no reliable data. In 1521st is with the army of Sultan Suleiman, when it occupies Belgrade, and the next, 1522nd g. is the army raid on Rhodes. Then the army janjičarskoj get the title &quot;sekban Horseman&quot; (kinda Janissary army which consisted of hunting dogs). In 1526th participate in the Battle of Mohac and commitment of Hungary, and the 1529th
 with a large army of the sultan, is under Vienna. Next year is likely, with the Sultan&#39;s army in Central Europe, but about how there are no reliable data. In 1534th and 1535th participate in the conquest of Persia and Mesopotamia. In this campaign, according to B. Zluga, Sinan in an attack in Vanskog lake gets the task to build a small flotilla of war ships, which successfully executed. After completion of Persian military is set to &quot;Hasek&quot; (service of court gardener). After this, participating in several war campaigns. In connection with it is for us important information about the construction of a bridge over the River Prut in the campaign against Romania 1538th year. This task Sinan has performed for ten days. At the sultan&#39;s palace existed at the time of service and the chief architect of the title, which until 1536. Mr exercised Adžem But originally Persian. After his death, the 1536th and 1539. , the position of chief architect, was vacant.
 1539th year, according to data B. Zluga, there was a need to build a tomb (mausoleum) died vizier Ajas pasture. Former Grand Vizier Lufti Pasha declares that this job is no more skilled than the architect Sinan Hasseki Subasi, located in janjičarskoj army, and through him the title of commander of the Janissaries offers the architect of the Ottoman Empire. This office has since exercised Sinan, continuously, until his death 1588th year. From these data we can see that Frank and janjičarskoj army had become popular as a good builder. True, the data on his progress as the Janissaries, there is more tendency for regular military career: he in 1522. g. &quot;sekban Horseman&quot; after Mohács 1526th get the title of infantry captain, and only 1534th Mr mentioned as a head of department engineers. During this period, before and after the 1534th years, he held various technical duties, among which are construction tasks were only one part of the much broader task that military warfare pose in front of him.
 However, the fact that the 1539th appointed chief architect at the court of Sultan Suleiman says that Frank was defeated in the army not only engineering skills in building bridges, roads and fortifications, but that was already built and that such acts are primarily architectural. Architect at the court had before all the duties assigned to him required a building of religious and public buildings. When the choice fell on Sinan, and not on any of the students&#39; previous chief architect, it was clear that he has already been tried on such jobs, although in his military career shows that by then most of his works was the engineering-technical Nature. Therefore, the period of Sinan in janjičarskoj army remains for us largely unknown. From the known biographical data, using up to now the most credible sources, it is evident that the work of Sinan can clearly see the two time sections related to its construction activities: first, in janjičarskoj army, the 1516th
 the 1539th year, and second, the sultan&#39;s palace, the 1539th the 1588th year. The first period has characteristics Sinan training on practical engineering and technical tasks related to the small number of true architectural structures, while others clearly reflects (at first) Sinan&#39;s efforts to design, whose performance has already been acquired, architectural refine. This commitment is evident not only in overcoming the new tasks set before him, but, it is important to us, in search of his own artistic expression. Beginning of the buildings which still bear the stamp of awkwardness to those of a mature mastery of time and individual masterpieces, all can be monitored and observed Sinan&#39;s artistic personality. &quot;The Individual Sinan artistic expression is, in our opinion, a harmony of grace and lyricists epic monumental expressed in a number of realizations of his magnificent space.
 All these times of extraordinary dimensions of the spaces, subordinate to the man, composed for him, with a tendency to them that the heat of the human home. &quot; [Edit] Work Karađozbegova mosque in Mostar was built, designed by Mimar Sinan Although some objects are also the most important mosques Sinan&#39;s architectural works, though the values differ greatly. These differences in the architectural and constructive technical values are not related only to the time of creation or the period in which it was formed as an architect Sinan (unlike his previous engineering work in the army), but also the importance of the mosque, or better yet, the importance of its founder. Among the many realization of the mosque buildings are those of Sinan the early period, in which it noted that he only formed as an artistic personality. After coming Sinan&#39;s great mosques in Istanbul and Edirne, his masterpiece.
 Finally, at the same time with its most valuable buildings, which are important for the overall architecture of his time, Sinan built the mosque, and such that even in a constructive solutions, even at the compositional-space value, can not be counted in the great architectural works. But, despite the very different values from the many mosques of Sinan long period of half a century, between the 1537th until the death of his 1588th year, with all these building can be seen the presence of Sinan&#39;s artistic personality. To be able to get a clear picture of development as an architect Sinan, to retain its distinctive mosque buildings, as from the time of its newness, and the time of his artistic maturity. Sinan is credited with saying that the mosque Hasseki Hurra his apprentice work, Šehzade Mosque - kalfinsko, and the mosque of Sultan Suleyman the Sultan Selim II - a masterful performance.
 Therefore will be a reliance division period of its development, to: - apprentice period (to 1550. In) - Kalfinski period (from the 1550th to 1570th year) - Veteran period (from the 1570th until his death). [Edit] apprentice period (the period to 1550. In) In this period, Frank continues a traditional style of Ottoman architecture, but he gradually begins to experiment on different options, because, during his military career had the opportunity to pročava architectural monuments in the conquered cities of Europe and the Middle East. Sinan well acquainted seldžučku ranoosmansku and architecture, as well as Byzantine, thanks to its long standing work on the largest medieval church of Hagia Sophia, the magnificent work Anthemius and Isidora, where he achieved a successful combination of the basilica and the central plan, Mimar Sinan noted shortcomings of the basilica and managed make the space with a clear, comprehensive and unique space, which in themselves have some festive spirit.
 Many researchers of his works have agreed that none of the occurrence of Hagia Sophia to today so meticulously met all its aesthetic and structural, and structural elements. For this period it is important to mention three mosques - Husrev Pasha Mosque in Aleppo and Hasseki Hurra and Šehzade mosque in Istanbul. [Edit] Kalfinski period (period from 1550th to 1570th year) when the 50-ies of Sultan Suleyman the Magnificent came to the peak of his power, he wanted to build a monument that will stand out not only its size but also other features in relation on the other. This work was entrusted to his chief architect Sinan, who will make this true masterpiece - a complex of Süleymaniye. In addition Sulejmanija, Sinan was in this period made a large number of other buildings, among which stand out - the great mosque of Admiral Sinan Pasha Mosque Kara Ahmet Pasha, and Rustem Pasha Mosque in Istanbul. [Edit] Veteran period (period from 1570th
 until his death) Finally 1569th Sinan is on order a new master Selim II began his masterpiece, a synthesis of all previous searching and experimenting, wonderful villages in Edirne. All his best qualities ardent to the heights in this part of his very old age of over eighty years. There is at the peak of his brazen boldness of ideas, infallible structural sense, the perfect realization of security and lucidity in complete reconciliation of the largest and the smallest details in a magnificent whole, which is so perfect that sometimes seems alien and inhuman. In order to fully display the development of Sinan, to show three vizier mosques of Sinan works in Istanbul. These structures originate from the last period of Sinan&#39;s activities. He had almost 90 years when he finished the mosque Grand Vizier Mehmed Pasha Sokolovic, which he himself considered one of his best works.
 The other two, Šemsi Ahmed Pasha and Kilic Ali Pasha, the dimensions are smaller, so the fact can be compared with the first two Sinan&#39;s mosques, Husrev pasha of Aleppo and Hasseki Hurra in Istanbul. The comparison remains really only the size of the building, while all other values of these two last Sinan mosque talking about the large and mature architect. Both these mosques were completed 1580th year. From examination of Sinan mosques that Sinan resulting age is not underestimated nor its activity, nor the value of his works. On the contrary, his masterpiece recorded in the later years of life: the mosque Sulejmani - when he was 66 years, Selim - when he was an old man of 84 years, and when it was ready Mosque Mehmed Pasha Sokolovic had a full 88 years. [Edit] Conclusion Life Mimar Sinan is an exciting and eventful novel, but it is neineresantno against his numerous works, each one a new courage and self-conscious attempt to experiment a success.
  Each Sinan mosque looks like a perfect crystal, or diamond, created during the infallible natural at one point, the will of God. That is why they do not recognize the Greek creation, execution risks, imperfection of fit and flow of the procedure, but they are created in a strange time without trapavog human labor, as well as the creation of God. In the end we can say that Frank was a brilliant and happy architect. Happy and it is brilliant, but they had such and such Turkish sultans who allowed him to finish razmahne and everything starts. A Turkish sultans and, just as those lucky enough to be born there one Frank. Commons: Mimar Sinan Retrieved from &quot;http://bs.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mimar_Sinan Categories: Ottoman Empire | Architecture | Architects | 1489 births | 1588 deaths
 