In Washington, government emergency, and security measures are enormous. At the invitation of President, Obama came to town governments and heads of 48 countries from around the world. They will be there two days (12./13.4.) Discuss how they can avoid having nuclear weapons falling into the hands of terrorists. Scenario of disaster movies is estimated that worldwide there are about 1,600 highly enriched material. In addition, more and about 500 tons of plutonium. But only a few grams is enough for a terrorist attack, whose consequences were much worse than those after the attack on the subway in London or the attack of 11 September Thousands of people would be dead or irradiated, and the scene has at least ten years of radioactively. Scenarios that were at best considered a disaster for the films, will now be truly dissected in political discussions. Bildunterschrift: The world&#39;s nuclear arsenals Obama on the eve of this meeting is very directly pointed to the danger of nuclear weapons if dočešaju terrorists.
 &quot;If we ever do such an explosion occurred in New York, London or Johannesburg, consequences for the economy, politics and security would be incalculable,&quot; were his words. Soviet nuclear weapons on the black market since the breakup of the Soviet Union in early 1990. every little heard of cases of smuggling of nuclear weapons. Russia has the largest number of atomic warheads in the world. When after the completion of an arms race in the thousands of pieces of dismantled Soviet nuclear weapons, many of the parts simply disappeared. A former Soviet security adviser, says about 250 missing weapons. Even missing some &quot;suitcase-car bombs.&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Shakti 1, one of four sites for nukelarane tests in India Since then, the world revolves much more radioactive material. UN Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) is the 1993rd and 2008. recorded 1562 cases in which it was stolen or lost &quot;radioactive material.
 Number of cases on which it is not known is probably much higher. In addition, atomic installations and facilities for storage of radioactive materials in many countries, primarily in the former Soviet Union, poorly guarded. So thieves can easily get to the radioactive material. &quot;This material is easy to smuggle and difficult to detect,&quot; said professor Matthew Bunn of Harvard University. Under the time pressure is why Obama is pressing. He wants in on Monday and Tuesday to develop concrete plans on how to protect nuclear material, so you do not get into the wrong hands. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: A test launch of medium-range missiles at an unknown location in Pakistan, 16.11. 2006th Obama&#39;s goal: the next four years should not only better protect nuclear facilities and warehouses, but also begin to actively fight the smuggling of such weapons. The American president is now trying to convince the world how seriously the situation.
 Along with the official nuclear powers: Britain, Russia, China and France that have signed the treaty banning the spread of nuclear weapons, to the meeting are invited and countries that are themselves with the help of smuggling nuclear weapons hit the headlines. For example, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Brazil and the Philippines. To sit at the negotiating table and two bitter enemies and the nuclear powers India and Pakistan, which has not signed the treaty banning. Atomic bomb Pakistan if desired a particular problem for the diplomats. There are Islamic extremist groups is very strong. The father of Pakistan&#39;s nuclear program Abdul Qadeer Khan is alleged to Iran, Libya and North Korea has sold the important information of building atomic bombs. Bildunterschrift: How safe is this world? One thing is for sure: plans to build atomic bombs land sold to each other and thus earn billions. For example, Saudi Arabia is atomic power, but may at any time rely on Pakistan.
 Pakistan, however I got my information from the Netherlands, where Qadeer Khan as a young man working in an atomic plant. Experts still pretpostvalju that the chances that terrorists have built a bomb somewhere small. But they are able at any moment to buy something like that and still can choose the size. In Washington, they were not invited North Korea and Iran, two countries that refuse international control and cooperation. On Obama&#39;s call did not respond only Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Relations between the U.S. and Israel are currently strained. Moreover, Netanyahu fears that the Islamic countries at this meeting could put pressure on him. For Israel, which is virtually atomic force, still refuses to control his arms. Author: Anna Kuhn-Osius / S. Kobešćak Re. Editor: Maria Ljubicic
 