World Water Day this year marks the slogan Pure water for a healthy world, which wants to warn that water should be stored and protected. United Nations General Assembly proclaimed the World Water Day to draw attention to the immeasurable value of water, but also its increasing vulnerability because of limited supplies, and essential for life. The UN estimates that 1.1 billion people lack access to safe drinking water. According to research by UNESCO in 2003., Croatia is the availability and abundance of water resources at a very high fifth place in Europe, and at the 42 in the world, which is a strategic advantage. These are remarkable amount of water that we undertake to protect and preserve them for the future, said Director General of Croatian Waters Jadranko Husarić. He stressed that the Croatian underground water resources is around nine billion and two hundred million cubic meters of water. It is estimated that all natural and artificial waterways in Croatia, about 32,000 kilometers long.
 Regarding water quality, Husarić said that we are proud because in Croatia we drink is healthy, drinking water from the faucet. He stressed the need of substantial investment in the preservation of drinking water sources and prevent the discharge of polluted water into the environment. He stressed that the losses in water supply systems with a large, averaging 45 percent, and there are large investments required. But even in our water is not cheap. The latest example is that of Vodice that waiting until the summer price rises and, for four kubičnome rate per meter. New blow to the pockets of citizens is the result of plans to build a sewer system to guide and Tribunj. How Vodice no money for construction, he ran for a project called the Adriatic, which allows him a loan of 80 million. But a condition for receiving this money and water price rises. Adriatic Project, with the Inland Waters, part of the joint cooperation between the Croatian Government and the World Bank. It will finance investments in Croatia protection from flooding, water supply, water protection and irrigation, which belong to these two projects.
 The total planned investment for the Government this year in this area amounted to 900 million kuna. Citizens perceive this as a new blow to your pocket. The Club vodičkome consumers agree that the construction of sewage necessary, but also asking the City to clearly say how long to pay higher water prices. Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Regional Development, Forestry and Water Economy Bozidar Pankretic said that the Croatian major tasks related to the implementation of approved projects from pre-accession funds - ISPA - Karlovac, worth 36 million euros, IPA projects - Slavonski Brod, Knin and Drnis value of 52 million euros and is expected to project approval Sisak. ISPA and IPA as EU aid for infrastructure projects in the areas of environmental protection and transportation.
 