Scientists have long known that large volcanic eruptions can affect the weather. For example: volcanic ash particles absorb solar energy and thereby cool the surrounding air. Some believe that it was &quot;a prolonged volcanic winter&quot; caused by the devastating volcanic eruption, responsible for the disappearance of the dinosaurs and Neanderthals. Summer after the eruption of Tambora 1815th in Indonesia, the frost has destroyed most of the crop to New England. The eruption of the volcano Mount Pinatubo, 1991. in the Philippines, causing a global temperature reduction by approx. 17 degrees, enough to mask the greenhouse effect in about a year. Today, during the investigation, assisted by the National Science Foundation, researchers discovered that volcanic eruptions also affect rainfall in the Asian monsoon region. It is precisely these, the seasonal rains the main source of water for irrigation of crops that feed almost half the world&#39;s population.
 Scientists from the Lamont-Doherty Observatory at Columbia University (LDEO), have discovered that large volcanic eruptions caused the occurrence of droughts in central Asia, but they increase the amount of precipitation in southeast Asia, in Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, Thailand and Myanmar. This finding is in contradiction with the predictions of most climate models. The research results will be published in the online edition of the scientific journal Geophysical Research Letters, otherwise the issue of the American Society geofizikalnog. Growth rings, circles that depict the age and growth rate of trees, can be correlated with the amount of precipitation in the area. During research in the laboratory for the study of tree rings, studied data on the growth of plants at 300 locations throughout Asia. The analysis of data collected would like to have 54 to determine the effect of volcanic eruptions on the climate back some 800 years. At the end of the millennial produced atlas of climate change in Asia.
 It is the atlas revealed the existence of a long and devastating drought. &quot;We might think that the soil and atmosphere of two unrelated things, but like everything in the world, we can not ignore their interaction,&quot; says Kevin Anchukaitis, lead author of the article. &quot;Eruption could be one of the key factors of long-term climate change.&quot; During a major eruption in the atmosphere to release sulfur compounds that the upper atmosphere becomes small particles of elemental sulfur, which will reflect solar radiation. As a result of lowering the temperature to observe the Earth&#39;s surface. However, not all eruptions such an effect. Take for example the eruption of Merapi volcano in Indonesia, which began this fall and is still ongoing. Although it caused the death of several dozen people, scientists believe that this eruption is still not large enough to cause long-term climate change. Regarding storm water, even the simplest models predict temperature by reducing significantly less water to evaporate into the atmosphere.
 Less water evaporation from the Earth&#39;s surface also means a smaller amount of precipitation. However, things are much more complicated. The account must be taken air circulation in the atmosphere, cyclic changes in temperature over the oceans and continents form. So far, most climate models (which are uračunavali and changes in the sun in the atmosphere) predicted the opposite result of the impact of volcanic eruptions on the monsoon. These models, namely the predicted decrease in precipitation in Southeast Asia. During the research, studied the many eruptions, including the eruption of the volcano still unknown 1258th year. It is believed that this was the most devastating eruptions in the last millennium. Other particularly strong eruptions were eruption Huaynaputina 1600th to 1,601th in Peru, the eruption of Tambora volcano in 1815th years, the eruption of the volcano Krakatau in 1883rd years, the eruption of the volcano El Chichón 1982nd in Mexico, and the last eruption of Pinatubo volcano.
 By studying tree rings revealed that large areas of China, Mongolia and surrounding countries went through a dry period of a year or two after a major eruption. Meanwhile, in the same period revealed an increase in precipitation in Southeast Asia. Scientists believe that in this process includes many factors. &quot;Only recently have we managed to collect data that could verify the accuracy of the model,&quot; says Rosanne D&#39;Arrigo, also one of the authors of the article. &quot;We still have a lot of work if we are to truly understand how and what factors affect this big process.&quot; The research was set aside and a few moments when there was a discrepancy. It seems that the El Nino weather phenomenon responsible for changes in temperature over the Indian and Pacific oceans, which strongly affects the Asian monsoon, counterbalances the eruption of volcanoes on climate. However, the possibility of states Anchukaitis opposite process: if matched by atmospheric conditions and volcanic eruptions, together they could cause drastic climate change.
 &quot;In this case the result was either severe drought or floods. Anyway, the result would be an extremely negative impact on the local population.&quot; &quot;Finally, thanks to the kind of research can improve the current meteorological models. Better models could reliably predict the mutual influence of nature and man on climate change, which is of vital importance to the whole world,&quot; concludes Anchukaitis. Source: National Science Foundation Related Articles
 