&quot;We want to stop the leaking oil, clean it and help people return to normal life and livelihood. The oil slick answer as to what it is - an attack on our shores, our people, the regional economy and community such as this,&quot; said Barack Obama told reporters during a visit to Grand Isle in Louisiana. Obama said that he ordered an increase of labor force in the Gulf Coast, to better cope with the massive oil slick, the largest in U.S. history. For 48 hours we will know whether BP stopped leaking oil (28.05.2010.) More He said he would triple its workforce in places where the oil came ashore, or this will happen within the next 24 hours, which should help to more quickly and rein in an oil slick at a minimum to reduce the time in which the oil is located on the coast. He also announced the delivery of additional miles of protective floating barriers, and all other necessary facilities for the containment and cleaning of oil pollution.
 Obama visits the region, the second time in 39 days how long is leaking oil from the damaged installation of wells Deepwater Horizon, of which exploded and sank oil platform 20th April, with 11 fatalities of workers. Corporation of British Petroleum (BP), the owner of the concession over the wells Deepwater Horizon, currently running an operation that an oil man known as &quot;top kill&quot; - pumping drilling fluid (mud) and cement into the well to suppress oil wells and shut down. The success of the operation will be announced over the weekend. If BP&#39;s operations do not succeed, Obama has expressed willingness to engage top experts from around the world and the United States, led by the U.S. Energy Minister and Nobel Laureate in Physics Steven Chuom, who are willing to intervene. BP will close the hole with mud from which oil is running out (27.05.2010.) More, &quot;I ultimately take responsibility for resolving this crisis,&quot; Obama said, noting that the federal government has ordered BP to pay the costs incurred stain, and that the be done to all residents, small businesses and firms compensate for the lost and help them to recover from pollution.
 &quot;I&#39;m here to tell you that you are not alone, you will not be abandoned and left. Trunutku in one camera can go, the media can get enough of the story, but we do not, we are on your side and we will stay until the end. We will continue until stop the leakage of oil, until you clear the shore, and your community once again be complete. This is my promise, and the entire country, &quot;Obama said. While the U.S. president flew by helicopter from New Orleans to Port Fourchon, the sea has not seen the oil, but that changed when he came to Fourchon beach, the sea caused by oil and tar balls. After visiting the beach accompanied by a Coast Guard commander Admiral Thad Allen and journalists, Obama visited the Coast Guard station in nearby Grand Isle, where he was closely informed by officials of the state, and met with governors of affected coastal states of Louisiana, Florida and Alabama. Previous articles: BP knew that Deepwater Horizon could explode! (26.05.2010.) BP will be the eco-disaster to pay 500 billion dollars! (14.05.2010.) Hina | Danas.hr 29.05.2010.
 