Mount Merapi, the most dangerous volcano on the Indonesian island of Java erupted on Tuesday night, throwing clouds of hot ash 1.5 kilometers into the air. For ash and lava started to come together southern and southwestern side of the volcano. The number of fatalities on Wednesday has risen to 29, while the emergency services still searching for bodies and survivors. Eruption was followed a day after the government raised the threat level to the highest level. A spokeswoman Sardjito hospital in Yogyakarta, Endita Wed Andrianto, said that the victim died as a result of warm air from the volcano. &quot;Once we collect information to identify them. Most of them were burned to death,&quot; she told Reuters, adding that 14 more patients from the consequences of the eruption has severe burns. Thousands of villagers who refused to leave their homes despite warnings were moved after the eruption. Rescuers say that the search for survivors and for bodies of victims focuses on two villages Kinahrejo and Turgo.
 At least 15 bodies were found in the home of the person who is believed to be the spiritual guardian of the volcano. The volcano is located at 26 kilometers from the city of Yogyakarta and the most active of the 69 active Indonesian volcano. The last eruption of this volcano 2006th killed two people and took place several days after the earthquake of magnitude 6.3 on the Richter scale that struck the city and its surroundings and that killed about 5800 people. The most terrifying eruption was in 1930. when he killed 1300 people. The tsunami 154 dead, 400 missing in Indonesia was hit Monday and tsunami caused by an earthquake of magnitude 7.7 on the Richter scale. On the islands west of Sumatra, because the 113 people killed, and hundreds are being sought. Three-meter high waves were completely devastated coastal villages in the Mentawai archipelago, in the waters of the island of Sumatra. &quot;At least 154 persons fatally injured and 400 are missing,&quot; he said on Wednesday a government official in charge of rescue in the province of West Sumatra.
 The tsunami inflicted a heavy blow to tourism in Mentawai archipelago, islands rich in vegetation, a favorite among windsurfers because of the waves are compared with those in Hawaii, but no foreign tourist was killed. Previous Articles: Be a volcano that has already killed 1300 people! (25.10.2010.) Tsunami swept the village, 160 people missing, and looking for tourists (10/26/2010.) Hina | Danas.hr 27.10.2010.
 