Photo: Cropix FROM POLICY IN BUSINESS New business Sanader and Nikola Jelic Polančeca / 23.03.2010. 20:05:45 As a former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader and the former vice president, his closest collaborator, Damir Polancec after the departure of Vice-Roy&#39;s palace, away from the public eye, starting new careers business owner and CEO of the Zagreb company Geofoto Zvonko Biljecki a few weeks ago signed a business contract with the consulting firm Alia Ltd., which is owned by Steven Brkicha. Under that agreement, Brkich for Geofoto should perform consulting work abroad, primarily in the United States and Canada. I Biljecki confirmed this in a telephone interview Monday afternoon. No, but on Tuesday morning Biljecki we reported this morning that broke a business agreement with Brkichem. &quot;I do not want to cooperate with a company that is willing to transparently present our business relationship. I do not want to do so and that&#39;s why I canceled the contract anyway is not consumed, &quot;explained Biljecki.
 What happened literally overnight, and why Brkich suddenly become an unwelcome business partner Geofoto? Steven Brkich is a former adviser to former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader. As a child of Croatian immigrants in Amarica in Croatia came 2004th and upon the recommendation of the then Minister of Foreign Affairs Miomir Zuzul, was employed first in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Already 2005th becomes an associate in the Office of the Prime Minister Sanader and to remain until he was appointed to his foreign policy adviser (March 2008).. Jobs in government left in the summer of last year after he left and said. Bearing this in mind, we asked whether Biljecki business contract with Brkichem anything to do with former Prime Minister? Owner Geofoto first told us - no. So how did you come up Brkicha? - Asking Biljecki. &quot;Brkich himself appeared and offered cooperation, as well as many other consulting firms. He introduced me as a former adviser to prime ministers, said that before the government lobbied the United States.
 That was not a problem, indeed, if he could lobby for the government, why not make it for Geofoto, &quot;said the Biljecki. Brkicha not recommend you PM? - Ask him further. &quot;No,&quot; said Biljecki. Around the same time he made a deal with Brkichem, Biljecki was seen in a restaurant in the company of Zagreb, Ivo Sanader. In our first interview he denied. &quot;The truth is that I recently was in a restaurant with Sanader. Last time I saw him in late December, &quot;said Biljecki us. But the man who gave us this information, and who was then in the restaurant claims that Biljecki sitting in the wider society in which he was the PM, then the two of them withdrew for a special, separate table and a long private conversation. It was a friendly chat, but a serious confidential conversation, &quot;says our source. Biljecki When we say that we witness their meeting, he just laughed and said: &quot;If you have witnesses, then good.&quot; But, still claims that PM has nothing to do with the job that got Brkich.
 Can you tell us to confirm and Brkich, ask Biljecki. &quot;I&#39;ll tell him that you are told,&quot; We promised the owner Geofoto Monday night. But Brkich is not answered. The next day we found out that the Biljecki Brkich did not want to talk about his work with Geofoto. And to our surprise, we found out that was suddenly terminated their operating agreement with the previously mentioned reasons. So, Brkich lost his job as soon as we started to make inquiries about a possible business relationship former prime minister and Geofoto. Just a few days after he was seen with former Prime Minister Biljecki be found is Mladen Barisic, head of the Customs Administration. That meeting confirmed the Biljecki, but arguing that it was a private gathering because &quot;the Barišćem long friend.&quot; But Barišićev a friend for a long time and Sanader, moreover, Barisic claims that at the time Sanader&#39;s government was responsible for arranging all the work. Baric was the main protagonist of the story about the controversial operations of state enterprises with FIMI-media company.
 Because of their loyalty Sanader was removed from all party functions. Our sources from the HDZ-a claim that the PM has offered a summer job Steven Brkichu. &quot;Sanader said he wanted all three of his advisers from the government go with him and be his associates in his private consulting firms,&quot; recalls one of his former associate. In addition to Brkicha, he said, relied more on Davor Stier and Anthony Buklijaš. When the eve of his resignation last time as head of the HDZ was in America, he said, the immigrants said: &quot;I am sure that one day one of you to return to Croatia as they did my close associates Davor Stier and Steven Brkich.&quot; Stier and Buklijaš remained in the government. Stier is the most important foreign policy adviser to Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor. Brkich has only gone from the government when and said. First news that the PM decided to go into the consulting business last year came in October when he confirmed that it has signed a contract with the Canadian Foundation millionaires Louise Blouin.
 Sanader became her counselor and, according to the contract, was to lobby for expansion of its business empire in Europe. I&#39;m sorry Biljecki have long acknowledged that the family knows the PM and the business and worked with Mirjana Sanader. In fact, several years ago Geofoto was hired to perform aerofotografskog recording of archaeological sites of Roman remains at the site near Gardun Trilj. It is an archeological site that is processed Mirjana Sanader. Geofoto is a leading Croatian company for jobs aerial photography, cadastral surveying, topographic and cadastral databases, digital cartography. In recent years carried out nearly all the important work of its kind in Croatia, including the creation of the Croatian cartographic database, continuous recording of the SGA, permanent support for scanning Croatian Mine Action Centre and the development of military geoinformation system.
 His mission is in London, Dubai and Prague, and the owner and several similar companies in the region. Earlier this year, was established and Geofoto Argentina. Geofoto last year generated revenue of almost 150 million, 40 percent more than the year before, which shows that the economic crisis has not affected the business. Polancec wants to become a representative of the Italian investment fund Fines Former Deputy Prime Minister Damir Polancec could become the agent of the Italian investment fund Fines for Croatia and thus failed political career to replace business. According to our information, these days, intensive negotiations with potential partners from Italy. Meetings are held on Monday and Tuesday, but the business deal has not yet been reached. Although negotiations are taking place in secret, in business circles spread information that former Deputy Prime Minister found that investors are willing to invest in our country.
 A serious interest evident from the fact that their representatives several times in Zagreb, and with them came the lawyers. Italian Fund is already present in the region seriously, because since 2007. Serbia has a closed-end fund Fia Invest, which last year bought a few local businesses, including a company attack, which is engaged in import and distribution of gas. The Group&#39;s Fia Fia Energy and the company which has its office in Koprivnica. Placed say Polancec business already associated with this company, especially if it is known that the water outlet Koprivnička Draženka Gačan, a close friend of former deputy prime minister. Through this acquaintance Polancec probably established business contacts with chief Fia Group Serbia Ranko Mimovićem, and through him and with representatives of Italian investment fund. After the fund is mostly Italian capital, is focused on long-term investments and investments in the region of his dispersed to different types of activities.
 Fia groups in Serbia, for example, is investing in tourism, agriculture, energy, water supply ... Since leaving government, Polancec are generally associated with the scandal Podravka and Ina, while still not clarified its role in the story. Although he could not activate Polancec mandate in Parliament, but withdrew from politics, which he hinted that the future was given to a business. One of the few HDZ who stayed until the end of the former Prime Minister Ivo Sanader and has not said a word against former boss.
 