Soccer City Stadium (Johannesburg) This spectacular stadium will host major matches: the opening World Cup and the final. Built in 1987. And recovered before the World Cup. It was designed to look like an ancient African pot &#39;Calabash&#39;, and looks especially impressive at night. This is the heart of South African football, where he played the final of the African Cup of Nations 1996th, which is a JAR and then won. Its capacity is mind-boggling 90 000 spectators. At the World Cup on it will play eight games: five per group (JAR against Mexico, Netherlands v Denmark, Argentina, against South Korea, Brazil against the Ivory Coast and Ghana v Germany) and the eighth finals, quarter-finals and Finals SP a. Stadium &#39;Green Point&#39; (Cape Town) was created on land which had previously been golf courses. Prima 70 000 spectators and was completed in December 2009. After the World Cup will be used for concerts, and will act on it one of the professional football clubs in Cape Town: Ajax Cape Town and Santos.
 During Mundijala on it will be held on eight games: five per group (Uruguay v France, Italy v Paraguay, England against Algeria, Cameroon against the Netherlands and Portugal against the Northern Korea), and one fourth round matches, quarterfinals and semifinals. Stadium &#39;Moses Mabhida&#39; (Durban) This is a superb multifunctional arena which receives 70 000 spectators, and provides its visitors with panoramic views from 350 feet in height. Named after the former commander of the army of South Africa. Design of the stadium has found inspiration in the flag of South Africa. During the World Cup on it will be played seven games: five in the group (Germany v. Australia, Spain v Switzerland, the Netherlands against Japan, Nigeria against South Korea, Portugal v Brazil) and by a fourth round matches and the semi-finals. Stadium &#39;Ellis Park&#39; (Johannesburg) Situated in the center of Johannesburg and has already hosted numerous sporting events, including the Confederation Cup final last year.
 Built in 1928. , and demolished and rebuilt 1982nd year. Its capacity is 62 000 spectators, and it usually plays one of the most popular football clubs in the country, Orlando Pirates FC. At the World Championships will be hosted on a seven-game: the five groups (Argentina v. Nigeria, Brazil against North Korea, Slovenia v. United States, Spain v Honduras, Slovakia vs. Italy) and one game per quarter and the fourth round. Stadium &#39;Free State&#39; (Mangaung / Bloemfonten) The stadium was renovated for the Confederations Cup 2009th, built 1952nd It is located in the city of Mangaung, which is known for fanatical fans who love the sport. It already held a number of great rugby and football matches, a local club Celtic Blomfontein terribly popular. Stadium&#39;s capacity was increased to 45 000 spectators. It will play six matches in World Cup: the five groups (Japan against Cameroon, Greece against Nigeria, against Paraguay, Slovakia, South Africa against France, a Swiss anti-Honduras) and a fourth round match.
 Stadium Nelson Mandela Bay &#39;(Nelson Mandela Bay / Port Elizabeth) A brand new stadium that was built in 2009th, the first of its kind in this city in the south of the country. It is located on the shores of North End Lake. The stadium has a uniquely designed roof, overlooking the lake. Its capacity is 46 000 spectators. It will play eight games SP: five per group (South Korea v Greece, Ivory Coast v Portugal Germany v Serbia, Chile v Switzerland, Slovenia against England) and by a fourth round matches and the quarter-finals and matches for third place. Stadium &#39;Mbombela&#39; (Nelspruit) More than one newly built stadium on the eve of World Cup. The name comes from the word &#39;Mbombela&#39; which means one of the 11 official languages in South Africa, and literally means &#39;a lot of people together in a small space&#39;. Its capacity is 46 000 spectators. It will be the World Cup host four matches, all the groups: Honduras against Chile, Italy v New Zealand, Australia v. Serbia and North Korea against the Ivory Coast.
 Stadium &#39;Peter Mokaba&#39; (Polokwane) Named after one of the fighters for freedom of the oppressed black race. This is a new stadium that was built before the World Cup, five kilometers away from the old who was wearing the same name. The design is inspired by a local icon, baobab tree, a capacity is 45 000 spectators. At this stadium will be played four games SP-A, all the groups of Algeria against Slovenia, France v. Mexico, Greece against Argentina, Paraguay against New Zealand. Stadium &#39;Royal Bafokeng&#39; (Rustenburg) This is a stadium which was built in 1999th year and has already hosted numerous football matches. Named after Bafokend ethnic group that lives in Rustenburg and the platinum mining deals. 44 500 capacity stadium and is located 12 kilometers from the center of Rustenburg. It will play six games in the World Championship: the five groups (England v. United States, New Zealand against Slovakia, Ghana against Australia, against Uruguay, Mexico, Denmark against Japan) and the eighth round.
 Loftus Versfeld Stadium (Pretoria / Tshwane) One of the oldest stadiums in the country, built in 1906. year. Then he could only receive two thousand spectators, but has seen many improved and the World Cup will be able to accommodate 50 000 spectators. It is South Africa experienced a historic first victory against some of Europe&#39;s team against Sweden 1999th year. Otherwise, the stadium was home to Blue Bulls rugby club and it was played in the Rugby World Cup and the 1997th On the football World Cup, will host six matches: five per group (Serbia against Ghana, South Africa against Uruguay, Cameroon against Denmark, the United States against Algeria, Chile against Spain) and the eighth round.
 