All 29 miners imprisoned in New Zealand is dead, confirmed the police chief Gary Knowles. After the first explosion in the Pike River mine, 50-kilometers south of Greymouth on the country Friday, there was a new Wednesday afternoon local time, according to CNN. The second explosion was &quot;something stronger than the first.&quot; The exact location of each explosion is not known. - So strong that nobody could survive - he is the head of the mine Peter Whittall. Expert in the explosion, told the media that novozelanske miners probably did not even feel the explosion. Shortly before the second explosion, the analysis of air in the mine showed that it is still too high concentration of carbon dioxide and methane, and too little oxygen. Knowles confirmed that the families of dead miners. Military robot with two cameras, which are submitted in a mine, he found the helmet where the light was still sore, but no signs of life. Helmet dropped one of two miners were rescued.
 One of the robots came to an oxygen tank, but there was no one. All miners, aged between 17 and 62 years, remained trapped in the mine after the explosion on Friday. It is believed that they were in the group but because they worked around the mines. It is possible that only half of them stayed together. Rescue teams have so far not able to enter the shaft due to the deadly gas concentrations. Each miner had with him of oxygen for 30 minutes, enough to come to some of the oxygen tank. - It was too dangerous. We were unable to risk the lives of rescuers - Whittall said, adding he was confident that the guys understand that they could not enter. Families of miners were desperate when they heard the bad news. Some were yelling to the media and police. The prime minister hoped the miracle of New Zealand&#39;s Prime Minister John Key on Thursday will visit the families of miners and express their condolences. - This is a national tragedy. It is important to know that New Zealand stands with you even though we can not feel the pain that you carry in your hearts and minds - the prime minister said at the press conference and added that he hoped for a miracle.
 Tags: mining, accidents, methane, mine explosions Last comments 8 comments View all comments prior to 2 weeks, 2 days Igraine7: We should not abandon the search, I agree! Otherwise condolences to the families, a terrible tragedy! As all were young and handsome! Always diligent, honest and poor bad pass! Prior to 2 weeks, 2 days gmolak: Ma is not granted, they should still ask, should it come to try them. You never know what can happen so maybe you are alive ... How many such examples of earthquakes and other similar tragedies, and people were pulled out even two weeks after ... I do not know, I think that we should continue with the search ... Prior to 2 weeks, 3 days sanjalica34: What a tragedy .. condolences to the families ... Do not you agree? Comment! To comment on the need to apply. You do not have an account? Registration is fast and easy, register and join the discussion.
 