Belgrade, Tbilisi - exercises of NATO troops in Georgia have begun, despite criticism from Russia and the day after the end of the military revolt at a nearby base Muhrovani. Serbia does not participate in the exercises. The authorities in Belgrade were earlier dropped from participation in the military exercises, that would not be undermined relations with Russia. After one month Russia-NATO military exercise in Georgia described as a demonstration ... &gt;&gt; Read the entire news on the original site &lt;&lt;... force on its southern border, where last year led war, the Serb leadership had decided not to send two of its officers. &quot;Bearing in mind that it really was a great international pressure, not the army of Serbia and the Ministry, but generally the performance of these exercises, and the situation which has been and is currently happening in Georgia, we believe that Serbia has no army big enough benefit to take part in such exercises, and do not wish in any way to spoil relations with friendly countries, &quot;explained Sutanovac.
 The NATO has said that &quot;Serbia&#39;s sovereign right&quot; to decide whether it will or will not participate in some military exercises &#39;Partnership for Peace&#39;, and so that the maneuvers in Georgia. U.S. Ambassador to Belgrade Cameron Munter said in an &quot;index finger&quot; B92 that they hoped that Serbia will join the exercises, but she still chooses its own. &quot;We have opened the door for Serbia to be in NATO. Serbia should decide on its economic, military and social, the social future. We left the door open, but Serbia has to face up to these elections,&quot; said the American ambassador. Portparolka Alliance Carmen Romero said that the failure of any of the countries will have consequences for relations with the military organization. Military analyst Zoran Dragisic said that this in no way will interfere with Serbia &#39;s place in the framework of &quot;Partnership for Peace.&quot; &quot;I do not expect that there will be some serious problems in relations between Serbia and NATO on the occasion of the exercise.
 I think that we have serious problems on the Kosovo issue, the issue of arming the Kosovo security forces, but in conjunction with this exercise does not expect problems, &quot;said Dragisic. In Serbia, participation in military exercises in Georgia has canceled five more states. The region , will participate in exercises Croatia, which is in Georgia sent 12 soldiers. The exercises involved thousands of soldiers from 15 countries, one month of military exercises of NATO and Georgia began on schedule today, a day after riot part of Georgian Armed Forces. Georgia was announced yesterday that rebellion was quelled in tenkovskoj base east of Tbilisi, and accused Russia of trying to disrupt the planned NATO exercises and initiate a wider rebellion against President Mikhail Saakashvili. Russia is the prosecution described as &quot;crazy&quot; and accused Saakashvili of trying to transfer the responsibility for Russia managed by weeks of opposition protests in which he refers to resign because of poor performance in the democratic process and because of last year&#39;s heavy defeat.
 Alliance military exercises will be in full swing until next week. They involved 1,000 troops from the fifteen member states and partners of NATO, transfer agency Reuters. Armenia, a strategic ally of Russia in the southern Caucasus, yesterday joined Kazakhstan, Moldova and Serbia and canceled participation in the NATO maneuvers. The maneuvers are held in the former Russian base of air east of Tbilisi, a few kilometers from the base Muhrovani, where yesterday a rebel commanders tank units. NATO has announced that the exercise preparing for a crisis response and training in the field and poses no threat to Russia. The maneuvers are considered a gesture of solidarity with Georgia, whose path to membership in the Alliance in August temporarily frozen. Russia opposes Georgia&#39;s and Ukraine&#39;s membership in Aljansi believing that it was joining NATO in its traditional sphere of influence. Search by topic: NATONastavak ... 1 0 or Share with your friends Search for all of this news on other sources of View the latest news from &quot;World&quot; category and others write about this: Deutsche Welle: Moscow: NATO Exercises - pure provocation Mondo: NATO maneuvers started today in Georgia: Tbilisi stone stumbling block in relations between Russia and NATO Press: NATO EXERCISE canceled five other Country&#39;s the latest news military coup attempt in Georgia, the Russian response to NATO exercises? 06.Maj.2009, Source: 24sata Several hundred soldiers refused yesterday to execute orders at a military base in the city Mukrovani, 10 kilometers from Tbilisi, Georgia&#39;s capital, just a day before in this country should begin a three-day military exercise in NATO .
 Georgian officials to attempt a military coup accused Russia, which has previously condemned the NATO Maintenance vežbi.Nastavak ... 0 0 or Share with your friends Search for all of this news on other sources of View the latest news from &quot;World&quot; category in NATO military exercise in Georgia 06.Maj.2009, Source: Radio Free Europe in Georgia today begins military exercise NATO where participating members of the Armed Forces. On the military exercises were eight officers, two NCOs and seven soldiers from BiH. Some countries, due to opposition from Russia to hold maneuvers of NATO, abandon ... Continued ... 0 0 or Share with your friends Search for all of this news on other sources of View the latest news from &quot;World&quot; category, NATO began military exercises in Georgia 06.Maj.2009, Source: RTV Pink Exercise in the former Russian air base in Vaziani east of Tbilisi . . . Military exercises of NATO forces in Georgia have begun today in the former Russian air base in Vaziani east of Tbilisi, despite sharp criticism from Russia and the day after the end of military rebellions in the Military vežbe.Nastavak obl ...
 0 0 or Share with your friends Search for all of this news on other sources of View the latest news from &quot;World&quot; category in NATO maneuvers in Georgia 06.Maj.2009, Source: RTS Russia refused hospitality to two Canadian diplomats last week in response to the expulsion of its diplomats from NATO Headquarters in Brussels. New zaoštavanje relations coincides with the beginning of military maneuvers Alliance in Georgia. Moscow military exercises in Georgia, seen as an unnecessary provocation. The exercises began only a day after riot Georgian tank units. About 1,000 members of the NATO forces from fifteen countries began a series of exercises in Vaziani air base in Georgia, despite Moscow&#39;s sharp protests, that these maneuvers called &quot;provocation&quot;. The exercises near the capital Tbilisi, which will last until early June, will attend more than 1,000 troops from 14 NATO member countries and the Partnership ... Continued ...
 0 0 or Share with your friends Search for all of this news on other sources of View the latest news from &quot;World&quot; news categories relevant preparations for war with Iran canceled the participation of five countries have started NATO maneuvers in the agreement between Russia and Georgia, Abkhazia, a new cold war? View other comment on the latest news or recommend news: Your friends and follow the news via Facebook. Join it!
 