When you are finished with their &quot;war games&quot;, the Lebanese are understood to have turned his &quot;little Paris&quot; in ruins ... ... So it&#39;s already 1985th The center of the city seemed completely destroyed. The city center consists of three parts: The first part will be the port, port warehouses and markets. The second part is a small hillock on which they placed all the state institutions, the Government and the Office of the President, the diocese, mosques, churches, and the base are still the ancient Romans made terme. The third part of the town itself, built round the square during the French rule, which collects eight street, and you can see the bottom left of the satellite image of the time ... Downtown has seen the misery that the line dividing the city called. &quot;Green line&quot; passes Martyr Square, the eastern edge of downtown, you see as the two vertical road on the right of the picture. In addition, the downtown was in the western part of town, which was controlled by Muslim forces, and that part is much more damaged.
 Being on the front line battlefield means that the picture is lovely Mediterranean metropolis turned into this ... ... But luckily there were people who had a vision in order to make this ... In early 1990s, the then Prime Minister, Rafiq Hariri, has launched a renovation the city center. Since the Civil War aroused a number of changes of ownership, and is on a parcel of land in the right market area examined 4700 prospective owners, Hariri established the holding company that manages nekretninana urban center on behalf of its owner. As the number of owners has grown, the amount of their stock is 1.7 billion dollars, which is more than just property values and rental rates are extremely high. Therefore, in the city center you will find only the multinational companies, ministries, expensive restaurants and the like, while small shops, cafes and craft fled in Hamra and the surrounding neighborhood, which is why the Lebanese can often complain that beirutsko center lost its soul.
 Imagine if someone decided to restore the Palace of Diocletian in Split in the Roman style, and then expel all the shops, boutiques, cafes and placed in such office for freight rail traffic the Ministry of Reconstruction, Tourism, Transport and Development, or the Agency for protection of competition, or a representative Gilletea for Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia, Montenegro and Albania. What would be a madhouse? However, Downtown Beirut is a pleasant place to live. Here, I&#39;ve heard that slobs, but looking for work there. The government initially reconstructed the building for their own accommodation: the hill that dominates the harbor is a large palace, or the Office of the President, under him restored to other facilities of other governmental institutions ... From here you can walk, freshly paved streets that meander up the hill to the building of the Government ... ... And really, where trade flourished before the 50-odd years, you will not see anyone, apart from numerous insurance, and much more numerous than upadnjivijeg in Zagreb&#39;s Upper Town, but no real problems for a photograph.
 When I was in Beirut government has had an important meeting related to the future state, so that security measures were high, soldiers armed with automatic rifles on every corner, children played around them and to the Lebanese daily life. When you reach the top, the situation is slightly different. From the President&#39;s office a few large staircase leads through a complex &quot;Roman baths&quot; down towards the center. The silence of ancient excavations took advantage of the many high school couples who have taken all the benches in this oasis in the city center. In addition to state institutions and expensive buildings housing multinational companies, was rebuilt and the majority of religious buildings. Monastery of St.. Ane besides interesting buildings from the 17th century, has a beautiful garden ... Some religions, however, have the same status, so that the synagogue lay in ruins, unfortunately, has no intention of updates ... North of the city, in place of former port warehouses and markets, nice new Business District ...
 To be continued ...
 