Balkans.com: What are the short and medium term goals of Croatia Airlines, particularly in the Balkans and Southeastern Europe? Ivan Misetic: The development plans of the Croatia Airlines to expand network of destinations in Southeast Europe and the strengthening of the position of regional leader. That&#39;s why we started the reconstruction of short-haul fleet aircraft Dash 8-Q400 and five aircraft of this type, whose performance and capacity corresponding to this area, but flying under our labels. This process allowed us an even stronger penetration into the region and last year we introduced direct flights from Zagreb to Pristina and Podgorica. Development as a focal point of Zagreb airport in Southeast Europe and contribute to the flights to Sarajevo and Skopje each day, Zagreb and Istanbul together in cooperation with Turkish Airlines, also on a daily basis. From 1 June this year we are introducing direct flights to Zagreb - Athens, which at the same time we want to contribute to strengthening its position in the Association of Star Alliance, and the promotion of global products that offer travelers our association.
 Balkans.com: What is the total impact of an open agreement on liberalization of air transport has on your company and the market? Ivan Misetic: Liberalisation of air transport over the ECAA agreement has confronted us with unlimited competitive carriers from the communities that have adopted market saturation, and it was not always fair competition, because some airport subsidies that come from the LCC are not always on the ground on which to play games . However, it has led to the Croatia Airlines enhance its network operations and expand their interlinijski product as a brand that is recognized on a global level, as well as kunkurentne services and creating new partnerships with major European network carriers. Effect of unlimited competition and we were therefore forced to perform to customize their product, which was a good response to market needs. However, benefits are expected from the ECAA in the sense of a freer market access, have not yet taken root because of its slow and restrictive application.
 Some EU countries still do not accept the rights and obligations established by the ECAA agreement, although he signed another 2004th year. An example is Italy, which is indeed recognized third I 4 point &quot;Freedom&quot; just before 6 months, or still uncleared formal ratification procedures by the European Union as a precondition for granting rights under the 5 point &quot;Freedom&quot; Croatian air companies, while the Croatian side has fulfilled all its obligations ECAA for Phase II of the ECAA; Unfortunately, It does not allow us to take advantage of the situation and develop its network in accordance with the commercial interest of the market in the region that should be liberalized. Balkans.com: And particularly, whether the competitive budget airlines like easyJet, WizzAir and Niki Airlines pose a major threat to regional operators such as Croatia Airlines? If so, how will you behave? Ivan Misetic: The fact is that these companies take an increasing part of the market share and present any serious competition.
 But despite their numbers on the Croatian market in the last five years grew by 80 percent a year, they do not threaten our vital business. The appearance of this business model was a challenge and an incentive to network operators to adapt their cost structure, which is Croatia Airlines has already done. Of course, if needed, the company is willing to further customize their service quality in line with business strategy, network carrier. Balkans.com: The Balkans are still not established the regional passenger transport, despite the recent expansion especially on routes with Serbia. At what points to the future and whether it comes to financial changes? Ivan Misetic: It should be recognized that the entire region of Southeast Europe by air traffic poorest part of Europe. It is at the same time good and bad information. Good, because there is room for growth, and bad because it is such a low level of traffic on a large cost burden on business.
 Balkans.com: Many experts say that the airline association key to survival. What is your policy and practice in this regard? Ivan Misetic: In a world of globalization, it is almost impossible to survive and I would say that the present and the future of the aviation industry association. We recognized these trends and the year 2005. join the greatest in the world airline alliance - Star Alliance. This year we became a full member of the association, which has opened new customer service features high-quality travel and the use of a common global transportation products. Also, strengthening the position of the Star Alliance Company allowed for even better communication and promotion of business cooperation with member associations and direct participation in creating a business decision. Therefore, our future is based on developing network business models within the existing and, possibly, through the signing of new partnership agreements with other air carriers, particularly those of the Star Alliance.
 Balkans.com: What is your policy of acquisition and purchase of aircraft on lease, as explained in this policy? Ivan Misetic: Airbus (A319/320), which are the foundation of our fleet and have purchased in the period since 1997. 2000. year, financed by the property company. Aircraft Dash 8-Q400 which is renewed short-haul fleet are financed through operating leases. In comparison to previous periods when the aircraft finance the property, the company has in the meantime balance the related financing, and now with half the fleet financed property, and over half of the lease. Balkans.com: What standards apply to the maintenance of its fleet and where your company serviced your aircraft? Ivan Misetic: The maintenance of aircraft are operating JAR standards, which determine the quality system with the primary task to provide flight safety and aircraft maintenance, and regularly conducts a monitoring program of technical reliability of aircraft.
 In 2001. primiili are JAR 145 certificate, or authorization for the base and line maintenance of foreign aircraft in Zagreb. This certificate in 2004. replaced and supplemented with the approval of EASA Part 145, which is the main criterion for providing services to aircraft maintenance to foreign airlines. It was confirmation that Croatia Airlines has already applied the standards of the European Union, as received from the European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA). In our technical center in Zagreb, we have so far done about 70 large views on foreign aircraft, among which is the highest of any Lufthansa aircraft. Predlani we opened the second hangar in ZL Zagreb which opened wider possibilities for maintaining the aircraft of foreign airlines. We are proud of the start of passenger service 1991st until now carried almost 21 million passengers, while we have not recorded any serious incident.
 Balkans.com: Where to recruit their pilots? In the country or abroad? Do you perform the training? Ivan Misetic: The pilots were selected from the company database and all were from the Croatian. The condition is a higher degree and many of them completed the course for training pilots in the Faculty of Traffic Science, and those who were educated and worked abroad nostrificated their diplomas. Within the company operates the school transport center and conducted training programs for pilots, and simulator checks and other studies, depending on the type of aircraft, performing the foreign school centers. Balkans.com: The last year has been turbulent, a turbulence of the spillway in 2010. What are your major challenges, how you look at your business? Ivan Misetic: Redistribution of negative global effects reflected in our business and decrease natural and financial indicators. First of all, it is a fall in total passenger traffic from -6 percent in the structure of a significant decline in business travel from -34 percent.
 The domestic passenger traffic decline was 9 percent and 1 percent international, and there is a noticeable decline in cargo transport. On the negative indicators were affected by the pronounced seasonality of the Croatian market is relatively small, the size of the company that is globally still a small company, monopoly suppliers, etc. Also, the existing network carrier model led to the corporate guidelines of the schedule, politics, full employment, which is further burden on business results, and really it was not possible to avoid the loss of the year. Balkans.com: What are the standard activities that Croatia Airlines has set? Ivan Misetic: Croatia Airlines&#39; business activities are characterized by the mission and vision of the company, which is the Republic of Croatia to link with the world, a Croatian national carrier to be strong support for one of the most important branch of the Croatian economy, which is tourism.
 A prerequisite for this was the continuous improvement of service quality and strategic development of a network of flights, which are our goals in the future. The company will simultaneously be directed to the maximum rationalization of operations in order to overcome the negative impacts of the worst crisis in aviation history, and we want to achieve optimization of the structure of the fleet and increase the operational and commercial efficiency. No commercial airline success will depend largely on the distribution of responsibilities among the other participants in the system of air traffic, such as traffic control and airports. It is unacceptable that carriers around the world drastically cut internal costs, while external costs kept growing, reaching two thirds of total costs. Company Profile Croatia Airlines Croatian airline company established in 1989. under the name Zagal. A year later, 23 July 1990., changed its name to Croatia Airlines.
 The company is a joint stock company with mixed ownership. Croatia Airlines dd 1992nd The full-fledged member of the International Air Transport Association (IATA), and since 1998. The member of the Association of European airlines (AEA). Since 2004. The company is a regional membership of Star Alliance, the largest aviation association in the world, and from this year&#39;s full membership. The fleet consists of twelve aircraft: seven Boeing jet aircraft - four A319 and three A320 - and five new turboprop aircraft Dash 8-Q400. Croatia Airlines twenty years connected Croatian cities with major European capitals, and through them with the world. The aircraft was previously transported a total of nearly 21,000.000 passengers.
 