Lasse Kukkonen Martin EratReprezentacija Finland beat the Czech Republic 2-0 (0-0, 0-0, 2-0) in the quarterfinals of the tournament in Olympic ice hockey team in Vancouver. It was a clash between two teams that were on the podium at the last Zinskim Olympics in Turin. Finland was then won silver and bronze medal in Czech. Finns will be in Vancouver to compete for a medal after beating the Czechs, who reached the goals from Niklas Hagman in the 54th minute and Valtterija Filppule minute and 35 seconds before the end of the match in an empty net. Both teams had 31 per shot on goal, but the Finns twice managed to score, again, though, when the Czechs pulled goalie, while the goalkeeper of Finland Miikka Kiprusoff had his night and defended all the strokes of Czech hockey players. - This is a big win for us. Maybe we came to the Olympic tournament as the biggest favorites, but when you play as a team, anything is possible - happy Kiprusoff said.
 Finland will play for the final against the United States, which are still in the first quarter beat Switzerland, also with 2-0. And Americans, as well as the Finns, both goals scored in the last third. Winter Olympics, Hockey (M): Slovaks eliminated defending champion Sweden Hockey team at the Winter Olympics in Vancouver will not defend gold in Torino in 2006. year. Better than Sweden in the quarterfinals was the Slovak Republic 4-3 (0-0, 3-2, 1-1). The Swedes had 29 shots on goal, Slovaks only 14, but four of them found their way to the network. After nesadržajne first third, with no goals and a total of only 7 shots on goal, another third was full of excitement. Marian Gaborik scored a goal with players more in the 28th minute, and Swedes are incomprehensible indolent continued match ii just 37 seconds later and received a second goal, the scorer was guard Andrew Seker. But what happened then the Swedes, later happened to the Slovaks, and they are also just in a span of 37 seconds, received two goals! In the 34
 minute scorer for Sweden&#39;s Patric Hornqvist was in 35th minute Henrik Zetterberg. However, Slovakia is in the final minute of the second third achieved an important goal in the psychological sense, because in the locker room took advantage of yet another holiday. Sagittarius is more of a player with Pavol Demitra. Tomas Kopecky, Chicago ljevokrilni striker, scored a goal to lead Slovakia 4-2 in the 50th minute. And again the next goal fell rapidly after 38 seconds, and scored for Sweden it is Daniel Alfredsson. Swedes are, of course, made the final big push to get to the adjustment, whether the Slovak goalie Jaroslav Halak was up to the task. Slovakia has thus won the chance to win her first Olympic medal since the declaration of independence. In Turin, the Slovaks got all five matches in the group, but they lost in the quarterfinals of the Czech Republic 3-1. Slovakian opponent in Vancouver will host Canada.
 Winter Olympics, Hockey (M): Canada deklasirala Russia! Canadian hockey players have played the best match in the Olympic tournament in Vancouver in the quarterfinals against Russia. Canada is celebrated with a 7-3 (4-1, 3-2, 0-0). Although this match was announced as the&#39;&#39;final&#39;&#39;before the finals, the Russians were not a worthy opponent exuberant domestic selection that is completely NADIGRALA great rival. Canadians are furious battle opened, and already after 13 minutes of the game led 3-0 with goals from Getzlaf, Boyle, and Nash. Kalinin returned to the Russians hope goal in the 15th minute, but by the end of the first third of Morrow scored another goal to lead Canada 4-1. Flood Russians continued to be the beginning of the second period. Perry and Weber were the scorers in a span of 57 seconds, and Canada after 24 minutes of play with a 6-1 lead! Russian goalkeeper Evgeni Nabokov had a very bad night, and it was immediately after the sixth goal host the 25th minute, replaced by Ilja Bryzgalov ... - Canadians are we acting like a gorilla that someone is released from the cage - figuratively, after the match gave his impression of Bryzgalov.
 Afinogenov is in the 25th minute fell to 6-2, and Corey Perry in the 30th minute, scored his second goal of the match for 7-2. Sergei Gonchar is in its 32nd reduce the final minute of the 7-3. By the end there were no more hits. Yevgeny Ovechkin, the best Russian player, he remained completely without effect in this duel. - I have a feeling that we were not ready for the start of this match. Canadians are quickly took the lead 3-0, and then a sore back, especially in this game - said Ovechkin. The Canadians finished the match with 42 shots on goal, the Russians from the 28th The impression is that Canada, given the mood and intensity that they brought her players on the ice, could celebrate and a lot of convincing victory. On Tuesday, when the Canadians beat Germany 8-2 in the playoffs for the quarterfinals, home fans were chanting:&#39;&#39;Bring us Russians!&#39;&#39;. After their pets deklasirala Russia, have changed the slogan and cheered:&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;We want the gold ....
 The Canadians will play in the semifinals against the winner of quarter-final match between Sweden and Slovakia. Russia still remains without a chance for a gold medal by that name, although they are now attributed to gold medal in 1992. The team won the CIS. Winter Olympics, ice hockey, quarterfinals: USA - Switzerland 2-0 (0-0, 0-0, 2-0) Canada - Russia 7-3 (4-1, 3-2, 0-0) Sweden - Slovak Republic Czech Republic - Finland Winter Olympics, ice hockey, quarterfinals: USA - Switzerland 2-0 (0-0, 0-0, 2-0) Canada - Russia 7-3 (4-1, 3-2, 0-0) Finland - Czech Republic 2-0 (0-0, 0-0, 2-0) Sweden - Slovakia
 