Tony Blair and Iyad Allawi, a British and Iraqi Prime Minister in front of 10 Downing Street, Blair rezidencijom.U U.S. intelligence analytical centers increasingly prevalent belief that the global terrorist network got a new leader, it is not Saudi Osama bin Laden, but Jordanian of Palestinian origin, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. To conclude, and the situation on the ground, but according to some recently discovered documents. Osama bin Laden in recent times largely pasivizirao, not only that there is no indication that it is directly behind the recent terrorist operations carried out in the world but no longer occurs through the videos, which until recently had worked. Heard estimates that he is ill, it has big problems with the kidneys, and that he had to go deep underground that it would not find an American trackers. According to some speculations, took refuge in inaccessible areas of Kashmir, where it is difficult to communicate with him.
 ZARQAWIJEV MEDIA DEBUT ON it first began talking early this year when he beheaded hostages HARD LIFE PATH TERRORISTS Zarqawi was born into a poor family, his parents died early, and he was very devout rift in coalition in Iraq Zarqawijev goal is to cause dissension between Britain and the United States so America is left alone Causing dissension among the Allies Zarqawi recently three of the first misaligned Americans hostage, and left Britain for krajS other hand, U.S. intelligence indicated that the face behind the majority of terrorist actions in the world in recent times as an organizer says Zarqawi or his assistant, so they do with Zarqawi discovered in the case of this year&#39;s bloody bombing assassination of Madrid suburban rail trains, in which 191 people lost lives, in the case of an assassination in Istanbul, and some others. But most important is what Zarqawi in recent times to Iraq, where he became a key person fighting against the Americans, and extremely brutal means.
 About him the first time began to talk early this year when his group kidnapped American Nicholas Berg, and first performed what has become a trademark Zarqawijev - sent the media an extremely brutal video. Zarqawi has ordered an American dressed in orange prison uniform and was on the floor gatherings, and he was armed with his comrades, dressed in black combat uniforms, masked head stood behind him. Then he read a proclamation and anti-American threat to kill a kidnapped American if these demands are not met. Because the next day were not met, Zarqawi was repeated stagings, but with a brutal ending. Personally I was approached by the Americans with back, received it for his head and his other hand cut off. It is next month at almost the same way repeated several times, most recently this month, when misaligned two Americans who were kidnapped by his men, together with a Great Britain in the middle of Baghdad.
 Although the Zarqawi had some information before, only Berg&#39;s murder prompted U.S. intelligence to begin intensive hunt for Zarqawi, who is believed to be in Baghdad or in a city called. Sunni triangle in central Iraq, perhaps in Fallujah, that Americans are no longer able to control. Although he invested a huge effort to find it, and therefore the APB with a prize of 25 million U.S. dollars - so many Americans reward offered for Osama bin Laden, suggesting that they are seen as equally dangerous - Americans have great difficulty even in identifying the basic data about this mysterious man, who does not brag about his habit of terrorist ventures. Unlike bin Laden, Zarqawi is hiding his character from the public, so that today the U.S. secret service CIA for its identification, there are only a couple of fifteen years old with a passport photo and a recording of his voice, by which a computer analysis can determine which of his videos are authentic.
 How little the CIA knew about it, the fact that you do not even know how high. His real name is Ahmed al-Khalayleh, was born in 1966th the Jordanian mining town of Al-Zarqa, located 25 kilometers north of Amman. According to his hometown, he took the name of war and Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. While Bin Laden originating from one of the wealthiest Saudi families, Zarqawi was born into very poor. He knows that his parents died very early, that Al-Zarqa no more close relatives, but others do not know, such as school ended. According to some accounts, the city has left very early, and some who still remember him say that from his earliest youth was very devout. Supposedly he left Jordan to Afghanistan, like many other young men from the Islamic world fought against the Soviet invasion, as it indeed did, and Bin Laden. After the Soviet withdrawal he returned to Jordan, where he joined tamošnjoj cell Egyptian Jihad, the Egyptian terrorist organization.
 In Jordan, he worked in the group Hizb ut Tahrir, anti-Semitic organization that has struggled to get into Jordan, the establishment of Islamic rule. He was arrested and spent five years in a Jordanian prison. Released in 1997. And apparently then settled in Europe, but in 2000. reappeared in Afghanistan, which were then still manage the Taliban. There was near the town of Herat set up his own training camp for terrorists, where students demonstrated their outstanding knowledge of chemical weapons. Some of his students were then sent to various parts of the world to use their knowledge of attacks on targets that they were subsequently determined. Jordanian police say that the attempt Zarqawijev revealed that 20 tons of toxic chemicals released in the middle of Amman, which killed 80,000 people would be, but also destroyed the U.S. embassy and the headquarters of Jordanian intelligence. The head of the cell that is supposed to perform in front of a television camera, admitted that he was on course for Zarqawi, as he swore allegiance and promised to listen to him without question.
 In recent years, Western intelligence agencies of various countries have revealed that Zarqawi had a stake in the establishment of various terrorist cells worldwide, and in Germany revealed his Tawhid cell, and are similar to those found in Italy and Spain. Some, like German ones, waiting Zarqawijevo order for a larger action, deal with falsification of documents and - after the American aggression on Iraq - recruiting people to go into Iraq through Syria. It is alleged that Zarqawijev assistant, Moroccan Amer el Azizi, head of the Spanish cell, he spent his operational plan for the bombings of Madrid suburban rail, and to cast it in the first place his Moroccan compatriots. About ties Zarqawi and Bin Laden has contradictory statements. She was initially widespread claim that Zarqawi was in Afghanistan, Bin Laden&#39;s driver and that he was bin Laden was and still is the boss. But American intelligence agencies say has never been a member of Al Qaeda and that has always worked independently, sometimes maintaining contact with the organization.
 There are some indications that his assistant Azizi in Spain was linked to Bin Laden, people, and he attended a meeting in Spain at the time of preparation for a terrorist attack of 11th September 2001. held leader Mohammed Atta and operations. But that Zarqawi was not Bin Laden, a man tells an interesting detail from Germany. After the attacks of 11 September 2001. German police confirmed that some of the participants of the suicide attacks, including Atta, were members of a cell in Hamburg, so he searched for the remaining members. One of them was Ramzi bin al-Sibh, who participated in the preparations for the attack, and that a few days after asking members of the German cell Tawhid Zarqawi that his supply false documents to escape from Germany. They refused his request, so it was German police officers found and arrested. It is argued that while Zarqawi was focused on Jordan, that there built his network with intent to initiate an offensive against the Jordanian government and destroy the local king.
 Supposedly, the Jordanian authorities in recent years have revealed some of his secret plans, so it was a Jordanian court for conspiracy to break the regime sentenced in absentia to 15 years in prison, while others condemned him to death because he found that he stood behind the murder of U.S. diplomat Laurence Foleyja in Jordan. But after 11 September 2001. He has changed the priorities and went to Afghanistan to fight against the Americans there. According to some American assertions, there was seriously injured and transported through Iran to Iraq, where his leg amputated. But today this part of the story about him being challenged. In any case - was injured or unscathed - he is after the Americans gained control of Afghanistan, and before they attacked Iraq, was in Iraq and allied himself with the well-known Islamist group Ansar al Islam. It was Hussein&#39;s regime allowed to operate in northern Iraq, the Americans took as the main evidence that the allegations that Saddam Hussein maintained ties to Islamic terrorists is correct.
 When the American aggression in Iraq came to anti-American insurgency, Zarqawi was one of the key organizers of terrorist actions. It is claimed that the bomb was behind the bloody assassination of the Jordanian Embassy in Baghdad, of being behind most of the bomb assassination of recruits in the new Iraqi army and police of being behind most of the kidnappings, and stood behind some of bomb attacks on Shiite faithful and priests in the holy Shiite city of Najaf, for which nearly came to war, Sunnis and Shiites. In January this year, the Kurds, who live in northern Iraq, reportedly came into possession of an important document. They found it on a computer disk, and it is a letter that was sent by Bin Laden, Zarqawi, in which he offered cooperation. American intelligence officers are convinced that the letter is authentic and it is the only document from which you can see Zarqawi political, religious and ideological beliefs, what are his plans and goals, and what kind of methods he intends to serve.
 Its main objective is creating increasing pressure on the Americans and their allies terrorist actions, to be driven from Iraq. One of his goals and causing inter-religious conflict in Iraq, which would increase the chaos. In the letter, Zarqawi was identified by the Americans three enemy Al Qaeda in Iraq, and from his description of the enemy to be found out his plan. These are the enemies of the Kurds, the new Iraqi security services - Shiites. From the letter it is evident that the Shiites considered dangerous enemies of Al Qaeda and what it is that she struggles - the creation of a fundamentalist Sunni Islamic State of Iraq on the ground. For them he wrote: &quot;They are insurmountable obstacles, the lurking snake, malicious scorpion, the enemy who is spying on us and poison us poisons. Any objective observer must see that the Shiites are a growing danger and a real challenge. These are our enemies. It should be kept.
 We need to fight against them. &quot;The letter then explains strategies that Al Qaeda should be carried out by Shiites, and this is the explanation for the bloodshed caused by the bomb assassination of his people in the Shi&#39;ite faithful:&quot; I need to hit the Shiites, they should be hit by what they important politically, religiously and militarily, to be provoked to rise against the Sunnis, have expressed their anger toward them, show your teeth by hiding the bitterness in his chest. If the Shiites fight against Sunnis and Sunnis will have to answer. If we can Shiites drawn into a religious war, then it will be possible to awaken the sleeping Sunnites to understand the imminent danger of the devastating death that they can bring these heretics. Despite its weaknesses and splits the Sunnis have the most lethal blades, they are the most decisive and most loyal when it comes to destroy these traitors and cowards. &quot;That&#39;s outburst against Shiites, and one of the most interesting parts of this letter, says a lot about him and what what direction.
 But perhaps more important part of the letter which he talks about his broader views. He says that religion is the most important thing in the world, to have priority over all others, the life, wealth, children. He in the letter, Iraq, described as an ideal place to start a jihad because it is located in the heart of the Islamic world, close to the holiest Islamic sites. For Americans, a particularly interesting part of the letter in which Zarqawi directly addressing bin Laden. From the way you can not get the impression that it considers itself superior, its Emir or Sheikh, but he expressed appreciation. On the contrary, turns to him as a colleague and rival, and he offered cooperation, but he does not pray. He says: &quot;If we are složiš, we will be your loyal soldiers will fight under your flag, listen to your orders and you to express publicly their loyalty. If the team does not složiš, we will remain brothers, and disagreement will not spoil our friendship. &quot;The letter, therefore, clearly indicates that Zarqawi at this point is not considered Bin Laden a soldier, but he apparently offered to act under his flag in order to strengthen the authority of their own action.
 But if Bin Laden is not, Zarqawi himself will continue to do what has worked so far. From this we can conclude only that he takes anti-American operations in Iraq, constantly adapting them to the political situation, and that it was not by order of an outside, Bin Laden for example. In the earlier phase the focus is put on the bloody bomb assassinations, now turned to kidnappings and executions of foreigners, because he realized that the best way to destabilize the U.S. coalition, which he is now one of the main goals. Because breaking up the coalition, and creating the belief that Iraq was becoming too dangerous for anyone, including Americans, began with the terrorist hijacking, shocking spectacular video messages and executions of hostages in front of cameras, which wants to cause terror to the public and increase pressure on the government. Excellent assess who should be kidnapped - when the Americans, when people from other countries - how to proceed toward the hostages from various countries, and how to help pressure them over the kidnapping seems to individual governments to create discord among the member states of pro-American coalition.
 Philippines is the abduction of a citizen managed to get them to withdraw their troops from Iraq, other countries, however, made it a lot more attention to follow the rebel demands, and barring a slow drift of American politics. It is significant that with abductions of their citizens silenced and paralyzed two major European countries - France, which has no troops in Iraq for the kidnapping of two of its journalists, and especially Italy, which has troops in Iraq for the kidnapping of two of his young humanitarian activists. Although the kidnappers kept them for a long time, their fate is not saying anything, because they are likely to run behind the scenes negotiations between the kidnappers and the Governments of these countries. In addition, there is no doubt that these brutal kidnappings and executions prompted many countries, which are under pressure from the United States thought about sending troops to Iraq, to make it give up. Zarqawi&#39;s tactics began to yield results even in the creation of a certain political discord between Washington and London when it comes to Iraqi politics.
 United States at this time are focused exclusively on how to win the war in Iraq. Military priorities are more important than anything else, of any political or economic priorities, and Washington will use all its military capabilities destructive force to defeat the rebels militarily, no matter what time at this stage alijenirati Iraqi citizens from themselves and threaten the firm planned peace process, whose present phase should finish the general elections in December or January. While the Iraqi government warning that the coming elections will be jeopardized if the military situation is tense like the following months, the Americans claim that the elections will be held regardless of the situation on the ground were. In such a U.S. military-political strategy will not be any change in the next few weeks, how much should the U.S. presidential election, which Bush wants to emerge as a powerful president in a war whose soldiers do not succumb to the enemy.
 At the same time notes that the British government has a completely different approach. However, she claims that her priority is winning the war, but actually shows that in a different way to see the paths to the victory. The British government believes that the Iraqi population should encourage students to Anglo-American policy, and by building local institutions, increasing infrastructure and strengthen the economy, on which the British government in its sector, much work, so the situation there is much calmer than in the American sector, where the U.S. authorities more concern for their big companies, but for the interests of Iraqis. Zarqawi understands that the greatest weakness of the pro-American coalition of very different degrees of enthusiasm for it among the states, even between the U.S. and UK, and has decided to maximum advantage. So, for example, of the three recently kidnapped businessmen misaligned first two Americans, a Briton of the last execution left indicating that the British position is understood, however different from American, British, giving the opportunity to try to save his countrymen are more distancing from the United States, and thus creating a new rift in the coalition.
 