The strategy of administration of U.S. President Barack Obama to Europe involves close cooperation with Brussels on the expansion &quot;of the European zone of peace, prosperity and democracy&quot;, and &quot;completion&quot; of Europe means EU membership for all countries of Southeast Europe, said a senior State Department. &quot;The expansion of the European zone of peace, prosperity and democracy we have had important successes, but challenges remain. The work on completion of Europe is not finished. What is most evident in the current administration&#39;s efforts is to work closely with the EU to achieve this goal, which is planned strategy, &quot;said Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Phillip Gordon, in a lecture that was held Monday at the Center for Transatlantic Relations (SAIS), Johns Hopkins University in Washington. Gordon stressed that all this is true for South Eastern Europe, and that meričko and European view that &quot;Europe will not be complete until all the Western Balkan countries are not full members of the European Union&quot;.
 Having said that last week was with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton visited the western Balkans, Gordon pointed out that now &quot;the U.S. policy towards the region very closely aligned with the European Union&quot;, while earlier the U.S. and the EU were divided about it. Washington, he said, consulted closely with Europe on issues such as the &quot;Croatian path to the EU, the future of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the dialogue between Serbia and Kosovo.&quot; He also said that the United States and Europe welcomed the entry of Croatian and Albania into NATO, expand the action plan for membership in NATO to Bosnia and Montenegro, and Macedonia to join NATO as soon as you resolve the name dispute with Greece. &quot;This level of agreement about the Balkans is a real change: it used to be a question that has divided the U.S. and Europe, but now we walk together on this path. Intense joint diplomacy in recent months has shown how closely matched our vision, which is essential for progress in region, &quot;said Gordon.
 He was, among other things, said the U.S. strongly supports and cooperates with Brussels in East Partnership Initiative of the EU for Ukraine, Belarus, Moldova, Georgia, Azerbaijan and Armenia, to democracy, stability and security of spread in this part of the world. Gordon also said that one of the most controversial parts of the administration&#39;s policy towards Europe - the &quot;reset&quot; the relationship with Russia, starts to make significant dividends. There has been &quot;enormous progress in bilateral relations in the way of pragmatic cooperation,&quot; Gordon said, adding that effective diplomacy with Russia can help with the global priorities of the United States, reports HINA. As an example he cited the signing of new agreements on strategic arms limitation START agreement to transport weapons and military equipment to Afghanistan through Russia to which he had already completed 500 flights, and help Russia over Iran, especially the cancellation of deliveries of Russian surface-to-air missile S-300 Iran .
 (Fena) Tags Tweet Share Views: 42 Comments (0) Post Comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 