&quot;Juan is a bit overstated, more than the currency of any important emerging market,&quot; said Timothy Geithner participating at the roundtable in Palo Alto, California, reports the TV network ABC News. &quot;It is unfair to all trading partners of China, the Americans and others, because it only creates an unbalanced match&quot; and gives Chinese companies a &quot;great&quot; short-term benefit, &quot;said Geithner. U.S. in recent months, increases pressure on Beijing to allow the national currency to monitor the growth of Chinese economy, including legislation and vote in the House of Representatives of the Congress that would allow the introduction of tariffs on imports from China. The law is not passed in the Senate. Nobel laureate Paul Krugman and other economists argue that American China policy podcijenjenog the yuan, at least 20 percent, achieved the same effect in favor of its exports as it has for export subsidies and import tariffs on goods from abroad.
 Minister Geithner said that the U.S. would not &quot;participate&quot; in the devaluation of dollars, even though his value against the euro falling for four weeks. Decisively rejected recent criticism by some countries that the U.S. government has a policy to reduce the dollar to boost exports and economic growth. &quot;It will not happen in this country. The United States and no other country in the world can not get to the competitiveness of devaluation. This is not sustainable and we will not take part in it,&quot; said Geithner. American economists agree that the trend will continue falling dollar this year, as was the case in the last eight years. Among the reasons cited by the policy of low interest rates the central bank, debt optrerećena government that will have to raise taxes and fear of inflation while the dollar printing at an accelerated pace. The dollar has fallen by more than 35 percent since early 2002. the six major world currencies. He had a sharp increase in 2008th
 and early 2009. during the credit crisis, when investors fled to safety, but until now has lost most of those gains.
 