You&#39;ll need a little time to read the text that follows, and learn about the events of the past and present. Then you will, inshaAllah, to understand what is really happening today in Palestine and why the Zionists want to destroy Al-Aqsa Mosque. This is serious. Do you know what the Zionists do, and more importantly, do you know why they do it? First look at the pictures of excavations beneath Al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem. As a result of the excavations under the Al-Aqsa Mosque, under threat of demolition of the mosque! Then look at the cracks in the pillars, walls and floors of the holy mosque in Islam. And then read the survey below. Israelis dig beneath the El-Aksa mosque. Zionists have openly admitted that their intention is to demolish Al-Aqsa Mosque and at its place, &quot;revive the temple of Solomon (Sulejman). Based on archaeological and historical records, they believe that the ruins of Solomon&#39;s temple lay beneath the El-Aksa mosque. We do not know where the depth of the excavations carried out today, but she is doing on a daily basis.
 And this is the alarming situation that needs to speak out. Al-Aqsa, the first Qibla of Muslims, is in danger. Dug passage beneath the mosque of El-Aksa. Please forward to every brother and sister this message. All Muslims must know this shocking truth. Below are some pictures of the excavations under the Aqsa Mosque-. Below are pictures Zionist temple. This is the first structure designed by the Zionists in front of El-Aksa mosque. Artistic Edition of the temple of Solomon. The following are pictures of cracks on the pillars and walls of the mosque al-Aqsa as a result of excavation. The mosque with golden dome is not Al-Aqsa Mosque. This is Kubetus-Sahra (Stone Dome). A Mosque El-Aksa mosque is behind Kubetus-Sahra. Whenever the public mention of Al-Aqsa mosque, and Zionist media which are under the influence of Zionist View picture Kubetus-Sahraa. Why? That people would not know that in fact Al-Aqsa Mosque. This is a Zionist trick that is intended to confuse people when Al-Aqsa Mosque is destroyed, so most people do not understand what happened.
 Muslims, you shall have a duty to know what is the real Al-Aqsa Mosque. Here are photos of the mosque al-Aqsa: al-Aqsa from another angle: See also the position of El-Aksa mosque (pictured left) compared to Kubetus-Sahra (pictured right): Cracks in the yard and inside the mosque al-Aqsa. You&#39;ll notice that the background Mosque Kubetus-Sahra. Pictures leaked into neighboring homes. Do you know why this is happening? Can you afford not to know? I assure you it has nothing to do with the earth! What happens is a lot darker than you can imagine. Whenever I tried to warn Muslims of this, many have looked at me like I was crazy, and I do not know what I&#39;m talking about ... but I think you need to know that I am a Muslim. I studied comparative religion and to a large extent I was involved in a critical study of various aspects of &quot;new religions&quot; in a period of about 10 years. Many of my inventions and discoveries of my colleagues are at least shocking.
 In the beginning, we accepted them hard. And then slowly, with each new day, Allah Almighty, we donated all the more and greater wisdom to help us to grasp the meaning of what we discovered. We investigated the banned pictures, articles, interviews and many other research materials. What I will now share with you, many of you can look like baloney, but all I&#39;m asking you to open your hearts and minds of this information before you say I&#39;m crazy, I invite you to explore this for yourself what I&#39;m talking about. So, we know that the El-Aksa mosque under siege for many years. The Palestinian people does not know peace when the state of Israel was established in 1947th year. We believe that this was because they were Muslims and that Israel wants their land, specifically the land on which the Al-Aqsa was built. EXACT! But I know why? To learn this we must go back far into history and confusing pieces of the puzzle together.
 Cram months of research in an e-mail is a difficult task. But I hope to share important facts in a few short paragraphs. I hope that I will provide food for thought behind that - &quot;WHY?&quot;. We found a lot of information that would confirm the claims that follow. We returned back to the past and our pronalsci are fairly black and white. As our reference points in the first place, we used the Quran, Bible, Hadis1 and events in the world today. So please, read the following items below and discover why the Zionist creation of Israel wants to destroy Al-Aqsa Mosque: 1) Preovladavjuće belief in time and evidence from the Qur&#39;an 2) What does this have to do with Al-Aqsa mosque? 3) What is Islam warned us, and what are the differences between Jesus, alayhi salam, and the Dajjal? 4) Where is located on the right temple? 5) The signs of the arrival of Dajjal in our time Why do the Israelis want to destroy Al-Aqsa Mosque? Neloliko these points will summarize the key idea that will help you understand what&#39;s really going on.
 To do so, we must return to the origin of old belief systems in this region. Everything starts from there and that is why it is imperative to comprehend the complete picture of the situation. Preovladavjuće belief in time and evidence from the Quran - It was the Jews who believed in one God - the reverence it properly. Then there are Jews Aškenazi2. Before Judaism (before Moses), the Jews in Jerusalem believed in Zionism, that they believed such Ashkenazi, whose mysticism emphasized magical incantation and formulas (witchcraft, SIHR). They believed in gods and goddesses as well as Satan. This practice was adopted by the ancient Egyptians before the time of Moses (Musa, alayhi salam). Further investigations indicate that they actually worship jinn. Jinn can take three forms, as Islamic texts inform us: the shape of dogs and a snake, a bird or something flying, and what changes form (can take human form, etc.).
 See pictures of ancient gods, and you&#39;ll see what I mean ... the Egyptian &quot;gods&quot; were in the form ... the head of a dog, birds, etc. .. same with anunaki gods in Persia and the gods worshiped by the Maya, Acteka, Inca and other ancient civilizations . In ancient paintings, drawings, etc., the ancient gods were painted in blue. See a few pictures of ancient gods. In the picture above: The ancient Egyptian god Anubis in the image above: Two ancient Egyptian god with their heads in the form of a dog and a bird in the picture above: The Mayan god of rain and light, the Qur&#39;an tells us that the jinn were created from the smokeless flame of fire - which means marrow fire. So, let&#39;s light a fire and videjet you to the heart of fire BLUE. Jinn also live thousands of years, traveling very fast (which explains why all ancient civilizations have gods that look like, and at least one of them blue). The Qur&#39;an warns us never to take Jews as friends.
 Allah has warned us that they would seek to destroy Islam. And that is what we see that is happening today. Muslims and Christians await the second coming of the Messiah (Masih), alayhi salam. We also know that the Dajjal (False Messiah, Antichrist) will appear before the arrival of the Messiah, alayhi salam. Also, Jews believe in the &quot;second coming&quot;. They are prepared for it. However, it is interesting that the Jewish belief does not accept Jesus (Jesus) alayhi salaam. They make it even does not recognize as a prophet of God! You agree puzzle! If they do not believe in Jesus and his return, and waiting for the &quot;second coming&quot;, so who are they waiting for? Daily excavations under the Al-Aqsa mosque excavated tunnel under Al-Aqsa mosque. Note the detail on the top left of the picture - looks like a cross in a circle, and some sort of strange person under the cross. Looks like a creature lying on the floor! Photo shot one of the workers who were digging a tunnel.
 It is unknown by the forms of the creature in the picture. There is no rational explanation, which is observed only after uslikavanja. So what does it have to do with Al-Aqsa mosque? Prophet Sulayman (Solomon), alayhi salam, and the secrets buried back in history ... Suleiman, alaihi salaam (or King Solomon) built the temple, also known as Solomon&#39;s temple. Suleiman&#39;s rule was different from the rule of the other Prophets of Allah. Allah SWT, allowed him to rule the human race and class of jinn. Suleiman was given the task to spread the word of Allah, ie the belief and worship only one God. Suleiman noted that a group of people in the country is still practiced magic and occult practices. He ordered his guards to move across the country and the confiscation of all books, documents, records or pages on which are written instructions for any magic, occult practices and witchcraft, which they taught people summoning spirits (jinn).
 In Islam, we know that the invocation of jinn (spirits) are prohibited (haram). The Qur&#39;an tells us that men and jinn should co-exist in parallel dimensions, but may not communicate with each other. Jinn are invisible, they can see us, but we can not see them. No such thing as &quot;good giant&quot; or &quot;gin and a helper,&quot; because any ogre who communicates with people directly opposes Allah&#39;s orders prohibiting contact between jinn and humans. Thus, Suleiman, according to his order, taken all the books, which is buried where in his opinion would be the safest, where no one will steal it. Where they were buried? The foundations of the temple, under his throne. He warned the guards of the temple known by the name of the Knights of Solomon&#39;s temple to guard the temple day and night. The Knights were discovered after the death of Suleiman&#39;s what it kept. They quickly realized the importance of this information, the practice of magic and that they were close at hand.
 They stole it and started again to practice witchcraft. They are completely alienated from the faith of God and dive under the power and influence of Iblis (Satan). Due to the nature of their rituals, have become the most powerful and richest people in the country. (Recent interviews with members of the Zionist cult confirm that Satan rewarded his followers with great material wealth of this world, and they in turn do whatever he commanded them: the spread of corruption, infidelity and destruction in the country. The interviews also show that convince them to Satan, through his high priest and priestess, he was actually God himself - it&#39;s just misunderstood, op.autora). Then, over the years, the writings were smuggled into Europe, and the Knights of the temple guards, taking the name &quot;Free Masons&quot;! With this new power, quickly spread this knowledge throughout the world through secret societies (Mason) - all with the same goal: to serve their &quot;god&quot; to Satan and to prepare for the arrival of the one-eyed Dajjal, who is SATAN representative on earth.
 Their symbol is a pyramid on top of which is &quot;svevideće&quot; one eye. Please, note that the ancient Egyptians were &quot;svevideće&quot; one eye, which they called Eye of Ra and the Eye of Osiris. Remember that black magic learned from the pagans of ancient Egypt. Underline parallels! Being the &quot;svevidećim&quot; one eye is what they worship. A Islam warns us to &quot;be with one eye.&quot; Do not believe me? Look at the background of the banknote of one U.S. dollar, &quot;svevideće&quot; one eye is there. Symbolism of Freemasonry is all Free. America is the world&#39;s first Masonic state. There are a lot of research which confirm this claim, shocking evidence, interviews, genealogies and other secret knowledge of the universe, that these companies claim that the Illuminati have in fact the practice of ritual dark occult practices. This is the &quot;secret&quot; that they keep talking about the &quot;mastering its future, enriching the search for the universe to give them wealth, etc. ..
 to be spiritual, not religious, etc. &quot;This is directly contrary to Islam, where we vested our faith in Allah and His supply. If Masons already have this &quot;secret treasure&quot;, then why all the concentration on the destruction of the Al-Aqsa mosque? Well, simply put, they are preparing for the arrival of their deities - Dajjal. For us what is Islam and our Prophet Muhammad, sallallahu alayhi wa sallam, warned: 1) Well, we know that in Islam is Dajjal the false Messiah (the Messiah) - he will mimic real-Masih (Jesus, alaihi salaam). The real Messiah Isa, alayhi salam, will return to rule the world from Jerusalem. So, this is the place where the Dajjal will deceive people. Holy Land, Jerusalem. 2) Prophet Muhammad, sallallahu alayhi wa sallam, informed us about the arrival of Dajjal, who was still alive in his time, and today is živ.3 we were informed that the Dajjal will live on earth for a period of 40 days (one day as years, one day a month, one day a week and other days as ordinary days).
 Proračunajte. This proves that he is alive thousands of years. 3) All Posanici warned his people to the coming of a false Masih. 4) Our dear Prophet, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam, informed us about the appearance of Dajjal, he was one-eyed, and warned that Allah is not a &quot;one-eyed&quot;. Dajjal will have a label on his forehead a disbeliever. The Messenger of Allah, Muhammad, sallallahu alayhi wa sallam, warned us that any Muslim who hears and sees the arrival of Dajjal will be to turn away from him, not looking in his direction or to go for it. Do not be curious, as the Prophet warned, because even the strongest of iman of us might be tempted to succumb to the Dajjal, the Dajjal as master of deception. Here&#39;s the difference between Masih Messiah, Prophet, and the false Messiah Dajjal: Isa (Jesus the Messiah, son of Mary!), Wa salam Masih Dajjal Fraudster True False Messiah - Antichrist Iblisov Prophet of Allah (SATAN), a representative comes to establish faith and peace is to deceive and spread corruption will never argue that God will say that he is the Messiah and that God needs to rule from Jerusalem, He will rule from Jerusalem will have two eyes will have the One Eye and the other is closed and convex is not even on Earth.
 His arrival will be presented by the Imam Mahdi is already on the ground. He was alive during the lifetime of the Prophet, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam. His physical appearance before the world will be preceded, according to the Zionist belief, the fall (destruction) Al-Aqsa mosque. There priviđa There will not perform miracles when he returns will perform miracles that deceived the people will descend from the sky, during Fajr (morning) prayers in the eastern minaret of the mosque in Syria. His hands will rest on the shoulders of two angels (angels). Scent of sweat droplets padat will like pearls from his forehead will have the word kafir printed on his forehead, and in whatever direction is read these words will mean the same - an unbeliever. All Muslims will recognize that word, whether written or not would travel to Jerusalem with the Imam Mahdi would travel around the world. Can not enter Mecca and Medina. The angels who guard the holy cities to prevent it from entering into them.
 Will kill the Dajjal and establish the rule of law of Allah on earth Thaw will be like with seeing Jesus, alaihi salaam Conisti believe that the land between the Nile and Euphrates rivers, their &quot;promised land&quot;. Dajjal is their king and their occult belief, they must re-build his original temple that he took the throne, that is to be crowned. Where is the Zionist Temple? According to archaeological and historical research, the Zionists believe that the originals of this temple lie beneath Solomon&#39;s Temple. Here&#39;s why the Jews / Zionists want to destroy Al-Aqsa Mosque! In their belief, they have to restore the temple that is under it! And it is very logical. Dajjal is by nature evil, so that they can not enter into any sacred place. The only place where he can get from there to rule and his temple, which befits its evil nature. This explains why the U.S. government as a good friend with a creation of Zionist Israel.
 They have the same goal and the same belief. They work for a force much larger and more sinister and much more deluding than me and you can imagine. That is why their pro-Israeli foreign policy and why do they allow Palestine to be attacked again and again. They have to destroy Al-Aqsa. Because the show Arabs and Muslims as terrorists. Muslims! Muslims understand the importance of the El-Aksa mosque, the first Qibla of Muslims and the third holy mosque in Islam, after-Haram Mosque in Mecca and the Prophet&#39;s Mosque in Medina. Therefore, the Muslim people of Palestine Zionist biggest problem. A Dajjal students know it well. Zionists believe that one of the last signs before the arrival of Dajjal, and the announcement of the end of time (world) - PAD (DEMOLITION) Al-Aqsa mosque. AND IT HAPPENS WHEN YOU READ THIS! Let Allah save us from the evil Dajjal and the followers of Satan (Iblis)! May the light of Islam shining more than ever! Tell everyone you know: The evidence worldwide of the leading Illuminati (satanističkih) artists who openly show their affiliation to the cult of Satan, to the cracks on the pillars of Al-Aqsa mosque, suggests that the end is near, and Allah knows best! Allah is the greatest! Learning Surah Kahf protects against Dajjal deception.
 Hadith of Abu Derdaa-Allahu anhu, narrated that the Prophet, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam, said: &quot;Whoever learns the first ten verses of Surat al-Kahf will be saved from the trials of Dajjal.&quot; In the second rivajetu said: &quot;Ten last verse&quot; (Hadis Muslim the Hadith is sahih, authentic) Allah knows best, and may Allah save us ...
 