The World Monday, 22.11.2010. Tags: U.S., searching, 21:48 U.S. airports examines the controversial methods of security checks of passengers at airports director of the American Board for transport security (TSA) John Pistola said Monday that the new method of scanning and searching passengers at airports, which have arisen a wave of discontent, are reviewed in order to be minimally intrusive. He said he understands the public concern for privacy with new methods of security checks, saying it was &quot;a very small proportion&quot; of 34 million people who have flown since the introduction of new measures, passed through a thorough physical examination of the body through the clothes, the touching of intimate parts body causes the most dissatisfaction with the passengers. &quot;We will look at how we can make the most efficient scanning with the least intrusive manner possible, knowing that there is always a compromise between security and privacy,&quot; said Pistola for NBC News.
 He urged travelers, dissatisfied with the policy of TSA security checks, &quot;not to retain those who just want to go home to their loved ones,&quot; ahead of the expected congestion at airports for the Thanksgiving Day Thursday, the 25th November, when millions of Americans fly the traditional family gathering for the feast. &quot;Only one or two disobedient passengers at the airport is all that is needed to cause huge delays,&quot; said Paul Ruden, a spokesman for the American Association of Travel Agents (ASTA), who urged their members not to boycott the scanning at airports. TSA is now set new scanners for the whole body in 70 of 450 airports in the United States. TSA agents at the security checks do not see the image scan, but they are analyzed in a separate room, where TSA officers do not know the identity of passengers. Passengers who refuse to scan, so must go. prepipavanje, where TSA agents know the edge touching the genitals of passengers, and are frequent complaints that it is a degrading treatment.
 Some of the passengers looking to take their clothes off naked for the examination to avoid prepipavanje, reported Monday the U.S. media. The White House said Monday that the government will take into account the public concern and complaints of passengers in the review of new methods of security checks at boarding an aircraft. White House spokesman Robert Gibbs, said the government is &quot;desperately&quot; trying to balance the actions that would increase safety and reduce the intrusiveness index, adding that the TSA will continue to develop security procedures. (H)
 