Forum CroFriends: Just miscellaneous:: Articles and comments Articles Page 1 / 2 • Share • • 1, 2 the U.S. is playing with nuclear war by Hate on Sun Nov 27, 2010 9:53 pm The world is in fear of a possible big war, because in a few hours to begin joint military exercises of U.S. and South Korean military forces, and all after this week took an armed conflict between the two Koreja.Sjeverna Korea has already announced that they will not tolerate the entry of U.S. aircraft carriers in the Yellow Sea. But Americans stubbornly decided to hold a practice session, although the consequences of it could be disastrous. It should be recalled that the North Korea nuclear force, a possible escalation of the conflict could get to China to fit in the protection of North Korea. One can not even imagine what would have happened if the U.S. and clashed Kina.Sjeverna Korea already today and charged that the U.S. is to blame for the conflict that occurred on Tuesday that could hold a joint military exercise.
 In South Korea today held two funerals marinica who died in the recent North Korean attack on South Korean island of Yeonpyeong, the BBC reported. Funerals Marines Jeong-Woo Moon, and Kwang-Wook were held in a military hospital in Seongnamu, near the capital, and were transferred to the national televiziji.Južna Korea announces osvetuStotine government and military officials, politicians, religious leaders, activists and civilians came to the the funeral, and among them were Prime Minister Kim Hwang-sik, and Marines commander Maj Gen You Nak-jun. &quot;active Marines and South Korean troops in reserve to impress this rage in his bones and we will do everything we can avenge North Korea&quot; said Maj Gen You.Sjeverna Korea: You can not imagine the consequences if the U.S. aircraft carrier enters the Yellow moreDanas be sounded and North Korea, which has accused the South during the attack using human shields and that the death of two Marines and two civilians were used for propaganda. North Korea has again warned that it will not tolerate a joint US-South Korean military exercise scheduled for tomorrow, which should also participate in an American aircraft carrier.
 &quot;Nobody will be able to imagine the consequences that will ensue if the United States bring their aircraft carrier in the Yellow Sea,&quot; said the North Korean news agency KCNA.Započeo series of talks in Beijing, Washington, Seoul and PjongjangaSAD urged China to step up pressure on Pyongyang to prevent a new incident, China said it was her &quot;top priority&quot; to maintain the situation under control and that began with a series of negotiations with Washington, Seoul and Pyongyang to calm tenzije.Podsjetimo, North Korea attacked the South in the middle of the South Korean military exercises. After warning that the practice must stop, North Korea has fired artillery into the open sea missiles. After a barrage from the north, the South Korean army fired a few missiles of their own artillery in the opposite direction. The western border between the two Koreas is the long point of dispute because South Korea does not recognize.
  Establish, destroy, disable and poison and there is no danger of nuclear war, and anyway the whole world will fuck a hedgehog in the back so it&#39;s my tactic anyway predictable for all of humanity. Active Member desert registered: 27.01.2010 Number of posts: 1473 Euros in your pocket: 1969 Posts: 141 Started by Topic: Re: The U.S. is playing with nuclear war by Hate on Sun Nov 28, 2010 3:08 pm ^ ^ and eventually everyone will intervene .... sad but so it goes Hate Engineer forum registered: 25.05.2010 Posts: 8609 Euros in your pocket: 9621 Posts: 428 Started by Topic: Re: The U.S. is playing with nuclear war by Narco on Sun Nov 28, 2010 3 : 20 am ajd what will they make war, it lasts for years, but they have one hundred American than that? Our war or simply want _________________ narco-3 days, the whole zaspamao Forum Women&#39;s Corner Narco Active Member registered: 10.09.2009 Number of posts: 1848 Euros in your pocket: 3130 Posts: 113 Age: 18 Started by Topic: Re: United States playing with nuclear war by Hate on Sun Nov 28, 2010 3:46 pm This Nakoda or should be the correct answer ....
 Hate Engineer forum registered: 25.05.2010 Posts: 8609 Euros in your pocket: 9621 Posts: 428 Started by topic: • 1, 2 Permissions of this forum: You can not reply to posts.
 