BRUSSELS - News from Afghanistan in recent days have been unsettling: a terrorist attack against the Taliban in Kabul failed, but a dramatic attack on a NATO base, and reports of intimidation of the Taliban in the Central Helmand and Kandahar, where Afghan and NATO forces intensify operations. None of this can not be, nor should it be ignored. But it is important to show exactly what happens in 2010. year. We will continue to be a terrorist attack Taliban and other insurgents. It would be impossible to try to stop or prevent any of these attacks. The point is that in 2010. year thing is not to prevent all attacks. It is true that in 2010. Afghans and NATO was on the offensive, but our offensive is a political and is aimed at the very center of the Taliban. In essence, the goal of this political offensive to change the political conditions in key strategic areas of Afghanistan, so as to marginalize the more extreme elements of the insurgency - who under no circumstances will abandon terrorism and intimidation.
 Our goal is to ensure that they do not have the political support necessary to create a strategic challenge to Afghan authorities - after which they will lose power. Numerous steps are taken to solve this political challenge. All are led by Afghans, but NATO support. First, the Peace Assembly President Karzai, which will begin in a few days, will pave the way for the internal peace process in Afghanistan. The Assembly will set the conditions under which those Afghans who no longer wish to support the Taliban can continue with the peaceful, honorable life in the Afghan system. Second, during a conference in Kabul in late July will be agreed based on the transition to Afghan leadership, both political and military. Our goal is to begin the process of transition this year. Third, in September elections will be held after which the Parliament of Afghanistan to get a new mandate. Elections must take the good and must be comprehensive.
 There is already a very encouraging sign: 20% of those who signed up as candidates for election are women. This is remarkable for Afghanistan and an example for the region. Political and military operations in Central Helmand and Kandahar in accordance with the political focus. There will be no D-Day in Kandahar. Our effort was there to lead the combined Afghan and international civil-military campaign to change the political situation gradually improved security, strengthen governance and expanded the powers of government in key areas where the rebels have an impact. This is slower than military attack. Not visible in the same way as an attack on an air base or a suicide attack in downtown Kabul. And it will take time. But three months after starting our activities in Central Helmand, there are clear indications that this political offensive can operate. In areas where no government other than the brutality of the Taliban, local leaders are now free and meet regularly to design the future of their own.
 The 22 new school educates around 3,000 students, of which over 400 girls - something that is in the area only weeks earlier was impossible. For greater security, more than 20 market is open. And because people feel safer, road traffic has quadrupled over the past 10 weeks. Of course, the security situation remains difficult. The Taliban are hiding among the local population and trying to intimidate them. Their weapons - improvised explosive devices - and remains a deadly threat to citizens, government officials, as well as our strengths. Fortunately, the number of attacks against improvised explosive devices in Central Helmand is decreasing, while increasing the number of explosive devices were found, partly because the locals discovered the soldiers the location of these devices. No one nurtures the illusion of easy success in Afghanistan. We - the people of Afghanistan and the soldiers in the composition of the mission led by NATO - we have already paid a high price and in front of us is still quite difficult days.
 But slowly and surely the authorities of Afghanistan will continue to strengthen and receive greater legitimacy in the eyes of its people. More and more Afghans will turn back the Taliban. But Afghanistan will become a place where terrorism will not be able to find refuge, a place to launch missiles, or inspiration.
 