Very, very controversial, Geert Wilders, is becoming a significant political factor in the Netherlands, a country that is one of the most important for advancing Croatian. Before the parliamentary elections, polls showed that his party PVV, to get a substantial number of seats. RELATED NEWS news is that the Dutch were hiding? So, it was known that Wilders rising star on the political horizon, the Netherlands, but it was not known that such a rise, that number will jump from nine members to as many as 24 parliamentary seats. Soon it will be seen that the new Dutch MPs, ordinary people, shopkeepers, teachers, one of those, it is a tradition in the Netherlands, no curtains on the windows, because they have nothing to hide in their lives, or from neighbors or passers-by, still hiding something. Polls before the election are not even remotely show such a rise of Geert Wilders, which is attributed to the fact that people were ashamed, even in anonymous surveys, to say who to vote for.
 Similar to what happened in the penultimate presidential elections in France, when Jean-Marie Le Pen entered the second round with Chirac, even though the survey did not predict. There is hardly more closed communities in Europe than the Dutch. Vertical rise in that society for immigrants is difficult unthinkable Le Pen and Wilders generally recognized as the same brother, but Wilders is on this very insulting. In several places, he described how he was not right wing, let alone a radical right-winger. I do not want to be tucking into the same bag. Before this election, has reduced the level of provocation in his speeches, which made it acceptable for a large number of voters. I do not know for sure whether to enter the government, in which the two major parties to be quite right liberals. But under the new Wilders signs of uncertainty in the European Union, a new, difficult, uncomfortable, which shocks the basis of this organization, and these foundations are nothing but a system of values.
 Last year, Wilders, under the law on the prohibition of promoting racial and religious hatred, was refused entry to Britain, where the parliament should display a 17-minute, propaganda, anti-Islam film &quot;Fitna&quot;. What is unusual in that short film, and Wilders years of performances is that he is an attack on Islam, on immigration, the undesirable nations and regions of Europe, uses a repertoire brightest traditions of Western Europe. The European tradition of condemning Nazism, and he compares the Koran to Mein Kampf, and Islam with Nazism. Lighthouse For centuries Europe was the Netherlands, reasonable, free, modest, self-confident country was the beacon of Europe, a haven for all those who have had, because of their beliefs, to escape from their countries. In the great wave of opening Europe at the end of the seventies, but especially the eighties and nineties, the Netherlands has opened wide the doors to everyone who wanted to settle here.
 A very simple terms, the official policy was to respect and affirmation of the culture of newcomers. But the unexpected intervened factors that determine the nature of immigration, and barely turned the Dutch, when they see that Amsterdam and Rotterdam have become very different cities. Inside living strangers of whom no one has ever asked to actually integrate, and Amsterdam and Rotterdam are not big cities like London to absorb the newcomers and make it part of a cosmopolitan mentality. Both communities have begun to feel mutual passion and frustration. The Dutch realized that the reason why they opened the door gods, and this is a complex of high-western values, including a first tolerance, many newcomers primitive low prices. One came from Turkey where the backwoods cousins recently buried the girl as she watched the boys - no matter their concern for women&#39;s equality. In Ankara, Izmir and Istanbul, the girls and the teacher can not wear the Islamic veil, and rudely trampled on the left, old shoes at the door - well, in the Netherlands there is no such prohibition.
 Finally, there is rarely more closed communities in Europe, from the Dutch. Were let in so many immigrants into the country, almost horizontal - but the vertical climb in that society is unthinkable difficult, if the country of origin unattractive. Wilders mother is originally from Surinam, and some think that his antipathy towards foreigners reflection of his own times harder because of the integration of mixed origin, type of unresolved complex.
 