A figure which was in the late afternoon on Saturday (24.07.) Circled the world was 15 dead and 100 wounded. During the night and early hours of this figure was adjusted upward: 19 dead and 342 injured - how hard is not yet known. Until the tragedy occurred, the police said, occurred when hundreds of thousands of people headed towards the entrance to the site of the main festival events, the former marshalling station in Duisburg. In front of it are long tunnels of about 200 meters. Rivers of people ran in front of them from two directions and that there was an outbreak of mass panic, there was a stampede in which people fall, is crushed, crushed, strangled. Some have fallen from the steep, narrow stairs and walls, climbing up trying to find salvation. The parade was not interrupted so as not to panic and the fenced festival area. Police have opened all the emergency exits and allow to leave the festival area and across the A59 motorway, which had previously been closed for security reasons.
 Stats are through tunnels in which the accident occurred cruised vehicles, first aid hearse until midnight, leaving the scene of the accident. The injured were shifted to hospitals and clinics. About a million and a half people came to the most techno-party in the world. &quot;Love Parade&quot; this year under the motto &quot;The Art of Love&quot; should be one of the largest and most important manifestation of the &quot;Ruhr. 2010&quot; - organized activities in the field Rurskoj which this year is the cultural capital of Europe. Many therefore ask how it was possible that such a mass of people released only one entrance to the area which is planned for 250,000 people? Critics, including the founder Loveparadea Dr.Motte, claiming that it was predictable and that the tunnels will be a &quot;bottleneck&quot; and that there may have been uncontrollable crowd. Representatives of the city and organizers are still defending the whole concept and argue that the tragedy was not due to security flaws, but because of an unexpected outbreak of panic and a set of unfortunate circumstances.
 Dismiss the objections and that the police could not cope with the situation: in action was 4000 policemen, it was announced, which should be enough. Next Loveparade was planned for summer 2011. in Gelsenkirchen. Many, however, believe that the tragedy of death in Duisburg and the German &quot;Love Parade&quot;.
 