The war against terrorism, American and British forces in Helmand province 2007th Date 7th October 2001. - Present Location Middle East, South Asia, Southeast Asia, the Horn of Africa, the United States, Europe during the conflict outcome Casus belli 11 attacks September 2001. Combatants NATO members: - (List of members) Albania Belgium Bulgaria Canada Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Estonia France Germany Greece Hungary Iceland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Norway Poland Portugal Romania Slovakia Slovenia Spain Turkey Participants outside NATO: International Missions: Goals: Other targets: Gen Leaders . Tommy Franks, Gen.. John Abizaid, ADM. William J. Fallon, Gen.. David Petraeus, Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal, Gen. Gen. Ashfaq Pervez Kayani. Tariq Khan Mohammed Omar Baitullah Mehsud (KIA) Mullah Dadullah (KIA) Osama bin Laden, Ayman Al-Zawahiri Abu Musab al-Zarqawi (KIA) Abu Ayyub al-Masri (KIA) Imad Mughnieh (KIA) The war against terrorism (&quot;War on Terror &quot;) is popagandna buzzword for an unlimited war launched by the United States against the global terrorist network Al Qaeda and anti-American countries and organizations in the world, after the terrorist attacks in U.S. cities New York and Washington on 11th
 September 2001. (See attacks 11 September 2001.) Contents [edit] The reason for the war against terrorism, Osama bin Laden in 1989. founded by a fundamentalist terrorist group Al Qaeda. Since 1996. is in Afghanistan where he was initially under the protection of the Taliban regime. U.S. considers him responsible for attacks on U.S. embassies in Nairobi, Kenya and Dar es Salaam, Tanzania in August 1998. as well as other terrorist actions that have kuliminirale in September 2001. attack on the World Trade Centre towers in New York and the Pentagon building in Washington. [Edit] U.S. and NATO operations doctrine of preventive warfare is practically applied in October 2001. starting the war in Afghanistan against the Taliban regime in which bin Laden and found that the war in Iraq in April 2003. against Saddam Hussein, who was accused of collaboration with Al Qaida and possession of weapons of mass destruction. In Afghanistan, the U.S. gave the illusion of multilateral strategic cooperation, seeking and gaining approval and support of a large part of the international community especially from its allies in NATO.
 In contrast, for the war in Iraq, there was strong opposition of most countries and world wide public, and the United States continued to act outside the UN framework and with the support of the United Kingdom invaded Iraq. These are two conventional wars launched with the aim of fighting against the new, unconventional enemies in the fight against terrorism. [Edit] Operation Enduring Freedom [edit] During the war in Afghanistan after the attacks on the United States, the world&#39;s attention is directed towards Afghanistan. Since the NATO and Pakistan presented evidence of the guilt of bin Laden for the attacks, U.S. and UK in Afghanistan launched a military operation called Enduring Freedom. The initial American aim in the war against terrorism was the destruction of al-Qaeda and overthrow the Taliban regime that it and its leader Osama bin Laden, given refuge. Military operations started on 7 October 2001. air strikes on Taliban targets, and al-Qaida camps throughout Afghanistan.
 American forces helped fight the Northern Alliance forces protutalibanskih, which were released by December all major cities. U.S. special forces, along with special units of the British and Australian SAS, tightening the circle around al-Qaida leadership, many of whom were captured, but their effort has escaped al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden. Surrender of the Taliban stronghold of Kandahar 7th December marked the end of the Taliban regime. After that there was enthronement of the new, transitional government headed by President Hamid Karzai (December 23, 2001).. Although the collapse of the Taliban regime was greeted with a certain satisfaction among the Afghan people making new masters to serve the occupation to a minimum 2010th The resulting guerilla war starting again under the leadership of the Taliban in the southern half of the country. Osama bin Laden was never caught. The situation in Afghanistan remained unstable as demonstrated by constant fighting between U.S. and Taliban forces, fighting between the Pakistani army and militants in the border areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan, and the difficulties the government supported the U.S. in extending its influence beyond Kabul.
 [Edit] Operation Iraqi Freedom [edit] During the war in Iraq heated initial success in Afghanistan and the failure to catch Osama bin Laden, the U.S. government focused its attention on Iraq. After the media and political campaign by U.S. President George W. Bush manages to win the support of his electorate, and supporting the governments of Great Britain, Australia and other member countries of NATO. It is important to note that the U.S. was the only state whose population is supported invading Iraq, while the other sent his troops, contrary to popular wishes. The official purpose of the attack was the destruction of the dictatorial regime of Saddam Hussein, and the reasons for this are supposed possession of weapons of mass destruction and ties to Al Qaeda. According to Bush&#39;s attack on Iraq was necessary to combat al-Qaeda to get hold of weapons with Saddam Hussein would have eventually offered to Al Qaeda or have used against their neighbors or the West.
 US-led invasion of Iraq in 20th March 2003. in Operation Iraqi Freedom begins a new chapter in the war against terrorism. The existence of weapons has never been found. Training camps for al-Qaeda were in the Kurdish part of Iraq, which was under indirect control of the U.S., not Saddam Hussein. Saddam Hussein was captured 13th December 2003. Then he was convicted and executed 30th December 2006. year. Immediately after the occupation of Iraq began a guerrilla war, a battle with guerrillas by U.S. authorities considered part of the war against terrorism. The war in Iraq that continues even after Bush declared the war operation completed successfully (the famous &quot;Missin accomplished&quot; speech on the aircraft carrier). Iraqi guerrillas who are fighting against foreign occupation triggered violent guerrilla offensive against foreign invaders, the set of her government and the police, foreign mercenaries, and often civilians. Iraq has emerged almost complete chaos because the guerrillas, divided into numerous factions confronted each other with the worst casualties of civilians.
 Kurds fully support the military presence of Americans, while Iraqi Shiites (the majority group in Iraq) is somewhat more circumspect in relation to the occupiers. Some Shi&#39;a armed groups sometimes even attacking Americans and their allies: One of these groups is called. &quot;Mehdi army&quot; which commands the influential cleric Moqtada al-Sadr. [Edit] Other conflicts and turmoil in the spirit of the &quot;war against terrorism&quot; the U.S. in 2006. supported the Israeli attack on Lebanon with the aim of destroying Hezbollah, which the Americans declared a terrorist organization. Despite the Lebanese civilian casualties and overall American military and diplomatic support for Israel, war in Lebanon ended in a draw. American politicians announced that the &quot;war against terrorism&quot; continue. Suggest the attacks on villages in Pakistan for which it is suspected that the base of Al-Qaeda. White House occasionally threatens to attack Syria and Iran under the pretext that these countries support terrorism or (in the case of Iran) to develop nuclear weapons.
 U.S. military debacle in the occupation of Iraq is probably prevent Americans to realize the threat and continue the invasion of the Middle cattle. In Europe, the Americans started to develop a system protubalističkih missiles in the Czech Republic (radar) and Poland (missile silos), assuring its allies in NATO pact gives the necessary protection against potential Iranian or even North Korean missiles. While European politicians support the project, ordinary citizens express their displeasure. Russians reject a fairly unconvincing excuse placing missile system and have decided to terminate the agreements on the limitation of armament for the U.S. accelerated the construction of military bases really wants to jeopardize the strategic position of Russia. Further course of &quot;war on terror&quot; largely depends on whether the Americans to persuade (or force) their allies to provide more financial, military and political support for their aspirations. [Edit] Paradoxes &quot;War on Terror&quot; Torture of prisoners in Abu Ghraib the American &quot;defensive&quot; &quot;War on Terror&quot; at the end not only strengthens the terrorist Al-Qaeda, but also uses terrorist methods of intimidation and torture.
 One of the most famous torture at Guantanamo is a prison on the island of Cuba where alleged terrorists are subjected to brutal interrogation and torture without any court. Another world famous torture, Abu Ghraib, where American soldiers were humiliated and abused prisoners in the most heinous ways. These crimes would probably have been hushed up and forgotten, the torturers themselves in their arrogance is not set yourself up images of torture on the internet. Shocking photographs of torture astonished the world all the more so American troops on the recordings seem to have fun humiliation of the unfortunate prisoners. The soldiers and the soldier who committed sadistic crimes are considered a form of entertainment as well as socially acceptable method (incriminating photos have set themselves on it). Against some of the soldier and the soldier with photos are conducted trials which are borne only a symbolic punishment.
 The Bush administration completely failed in preparing long-term plans for the course &quot;war on terror&quot;, and some of the results were completely the opposite than expected. The advocates of an attack on Iraq have announced a quick victory, the introduction of democracy and the creation of modern Iraq will be a strong U.S. ally in the region. The consequences of the invasion have been disastrous for many Iraqis as Americans are not trying to stop the anarchy on the streets of Iraqi cities, but they only care to win undamaged infrastructure for extracting oil. Saddam Hussein was a secular dictator, and the Americans tried to set up a puppet government Iada Alawia because they believed that the Iraqis appreciate the secular authority. This naive move showed how the Americans made a mistake in evaluation of the Iraqi situation. In the first elections were won by parties with strong religious connotation. As the majority of Iraqis are Shiites, it is meant in practice that will strengthen Iran&#39;s influence on political events.
 U.S. diplomacy with some success has persuaded many states to adopt Resolution 98, which de facto U.S. citizens receive complete immunity from any criminal liability before the International Court in The Hague. [Edit] Croatia and the &quot;War on Terror&quot; Americans shortly after the terrorist attacks of 11 September urged the Croats to stop the construction of torpedo boats intended for the Iranian navy. Croatian politicians were to unquestioningly accept causing more financial damage. The big question is how would you even torpedo boats threatened the U.S. fleet in the Persian Gulf, but it is certain that the financial loss to the detriment of the Croatian was substantial. After the Taliban regime was destroyed in Afghanistan have sent troops under NATO command of the U.S. Army. Croatian army has also sent a detachment of military police to secure a fragile peace, and very likely to be sent to Afghanistan an additional boost in manpower.
 Croatian public was greeted with hostility to the invasion of Iraq, which is best seen in the drastic decline in support for Croatian accession to NATO pact since 2003. year. Croatian politicians have decided that the decision on NATO has been in Parliament (where virtually all politicians give unreserved support for NATO and foreign policy in the U.S.) than to risk entering abolished in a referendum. It was proposed that Parliament accepts the resolution on non-extradition of Americans to the International Court (one of the advocates of this procedure is Ante Djapic) in exchange for U.S. support for the suspension of prosecution of Croatian generals to the Hague tribunal, but since it was nothing because America itself is pressuring the team generals on trial. Because of the full political and economic subordination of Croatian foreign powers, it is expected that Croatia will significantly interfere in the &quot;war against terrorism&quot;, and will thereby significantly weaken Croatian Croatian Air Force and Navy are of little use to the U.S. command.
 [Edit] Internal links Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rat_protiv_terorizma Categories: Impartiality disputed | Recent History | Wars | Terrorism | History of Afghanistan | History of the United States since 1989. | History of Iraq since 1989.
 