The Republic of Indonesia is an island state in Southeast Aziji.To is the largest island nation in the world. It occupies most of the Malay archipelago, the world&#39;s largest archipelago. On the island of Borneo has a land border with Malaysia, with the Timor East Timor and New Guinea with Papua New Guinea. The territory of Indonesia consists of some 18,000 islands, of which about 6,000 inhabited. Among the largest are the already mentioned Borneo and New Guinea and Java are (with population more than half of the total population), Sumatra and Sulawesi. The island of Bali, though not one of the largest, known as a tourist destination. The population of Indonesia is divided into numerous ethnic groups (788 members of various nations and tribes). Indonesian language is native to a relatively small population, but is widely used as a universal second language. The most common religion is Islam which belongs to more than four fifths of the population (Indonesia is the most populous country with a Muslim majority).
 There are also Christianity, Hinduism and Buddhism. Indonesian economy in recent years recovering from the consequences of the Asian financial crisis of 1998. The state still plays a significant, although less, a role in the economy. GDP per capita (at purchasing power parity) is about 3200 USD, with a growth rate of 4.8% per year in 2004. Indonesia was one of the countries hardest hit by the earthquake and tsunami 26th December 2004. In the north of Sumatra, in Aceh province killed at least 220,000 people. Mount Semeru Badan Pusat Statistik Indonesia&#39;s State Statistical Bureau. Contents [edit] Etymology The name Indonesia is a Greco-Latin roots and means Indian islands (Indus-lat. India, nesos-spasm. Island). [Edit] History of the island of Java have been found the remains of one of the oldest prehistoric people called. &quot;Java man&quot;, according to what it considered that the island was inhabited two million years. About 2,000. gpk
 the Southeast Asian nation came austronezijskih members of which derives most of today&#39;s Indonesians. Already at that time established trade links with India and China. In the 7th century, in Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula formed a powerful kingdom of Srivijaya in which the spread of Hinduism and Buddhism as a result of trade links with India. Java prevailing Hindu and Buddhist dynasties Sailendra and Mataram. The most famous relic of that time is a Buddhist temple of Borobudur, which is to 19 century was under layers of volcanic lava, and today is one of the most important Indonesian monuments. At the east Java in the 13th century created the Hindu kingdom of Majapahit, which was for that time was very powerful and developed, and this period in history called &quot;the golden age of Indonesia.&quot; From 13 Indonesia in the coming century Muslim traders and missionaries who gently spreading the faith that in the 16 century it became the dominant religion.
 The first Europeans who came to Indonesia were Portuguese traders under the leadership of Francisco Serrãoa 1512th year. The Portuguese established a monopoly on trade in spices from Indonesia to all European countries. Special spices were requested to Molučkih islands that were aimed Magellan expedition, sailing around the world. From 17 century the Dutch became the dominant colonial power and the Netherlands East India Company established a colony. After the bankruptcy of the company&#39;s 1800th The Dutch colony of Indonesia becomes a state. In the 20th St. Indonesians strengthen their national consciousness and seek independence (the first nationalist movement led Budi Utomo). The movement was strengthened by the mid-20th century and raised a few uprisings. During the second World. War, the space occupied by the Japanese and the Indonesian government ended the Netherlands. 2 days after the surrender of Japan, the Indonesian nationalist leader Sukarno proclaimed Indonesia&#39;s independence. The Netherlands wanted to restore colonial rule, but the 1949th
 however, recognized the independence of Indonesia. 1965th General Suharto committed a coup against the Sukarno government and thereby killed between 500 000 and one million people. Suharto has collaborated with American politics and pursued by the Communists. 1998th has gripped the economic crisis and Suharto after strong demonstration resigned. Introduced democracy and free elections won Sukarno&#39;s daughter Megawati Sukarnoputri. 1999th Indonesia recognized the independence of East Timor, who was a former Portuguese colony under Indonesian rule, which the world is not admitted. [Edit] Geography Map of Indonesia Indonesia is an archipelago consisting of 17.508 islands, one of which is inhabited by 6.000. The largest islands are Borneo (the northern part of the island is part of Malaysia and Brunei), Sumatra, Java (the most densely populated island), Sulawesi and New Guinea (eastern part includes Papua New Guinea). There are numerous groups of small islands, of which the most significant Mali False Islands (Bali, Lombok, Sumbawa, Flores, Sumba and Timor) and the Moluccas (Halmahera and Seram).
 Indonesia is located on the border several lithosphere plates (Eurasian, australoindijske, Pacific, and several smaller plates), and through it pass the huge faults. Because space is one of Indonesia najtrusnijih areas in the world with many volcanoes (more than 150 active volcanoes), and frequent earthquakes. The islands are mostly mountainous and mostly of volcanic origin. Are among the most active volcanoes in the world (known esplozija Krakataua 1883rd and great Tambora eruption 1816th) The eruption of Tambora was one of the most powerful eruption in history that has released large amounts of ash into the atmosphere that are all over the world have covered sunlight and cause cooling of the climate (year without a summer). The climate is equatorial (Indonesia passes over the equator). Temperatures are high throughout the year and much of the precipitation, and prevailing rainforest vegetation. On Borneo and Sumatra are feeling the impact of the monsoon (rainy summers, dry winters).
   Fill it to Wikipedia. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indonezija Categories: Stubs States | Indonesia
 