Number 543 Tags: Mikhail Riklin Release Date: 14.05.2010. Written by: Jerko Bakotin, Photo: Jovica Drobnjak At this year&#39;s Subversive Film Festival, hosted by Mikhail Riklin, Russian philosopher and fierce critic of the current regime, the author of many books in which the use of new Russian reality of Western philosophy. For his activity he paid a heavy price, namely the 2008th been missing his wife, Ana Aljčuk conceptual artist. Riklin believes that she is a victim of Orthodox zealots razgnjevljenih exhibition &quot;Caution, Religion&quot;, which in 2003. caused a scandal in Moscow. Riklin is currently working as a professor at Humboldt University in Berlin, a member of the New York Academy of Sciences, and boasts that he was an assistant to Jacques Derrida and is taught by Merab Mamardašvilija. In 2008. received the Peace Prize at the book fair in Leipzig. In addition to translations of many philosophical books in Russian language, published a series of books like &quot;The logic of terror&quot;, &quot;swastika, cross, stars, &#39;&quot; Derrida in Moscow &quot;(co-author with Derrida), and the&quot; law of the jungle: the Russian culture Age directed democracy &quot;.
 During the festival promoted &quot;Frakturino&quot; edition of the book &quot;Communism as a religion&quot;, which is the first translation of some Riklinovog works in Croatian language. In the book &quot;Communism as a religion,&quot; you write about how in today&#39;s Russia perceived Lenin and Stalin. - Attitudes toward Lenin and Stalin are very different. In fact, Lenin blamed for all evils, for atheism and terror during the civil war. His quotes are taken out of context, and many of the commands issued during the war when he saved his regime. Now is just the devil figure. On the contrary, Stalin was very popular, which show even survey on who is the most important person in Russian history. Many people believe that his time in Russia or the Soviet Union was very strong and that his enemies were afraid of that empire which achieved a historical victory over German fascism. Homo sovieticus and homo postsovieticus were formed just over Stalinism, while Lenin much easier to opt out of Soviet history.
 Orthodoxy rather than communism Can you say something about the bizarre relationship between the Orthodox Church and the Communist League? - The Orthodox Church is trying to occupy vacant ideological position that is advocated communism. People were accustomed to living under an ideology that explains the whole world in black and white. Then came the wild privatization of the nineties that had a strong ideology. Vladimir Putin is not in that sense, nothing really changed - slightly toyed with communism, with little orthodoxy. But in a crisis people need a strong identification and, as I see it, find it in Orthodoxy. Many Russians who do not go to church defined themselves as Orthodox Christians, not because they believe or know much about Christianity, but because it is so culturally defined. It is about some 60 to 70 percent of the population is Orthodox church declared the faithful, which is not true. However, cultural identification is also important.
 The improvement of the process of ecclesiastical canonization of Stalin? - The official doctrine in today&#39;s Russia, at least one that is taught in schools, says: True, he made some mistakes, but that was during the interwar period. His terror and purges declared to be part of the mobilization that was required with regard to the fact that the door was a war for which Stalin was preparing the ground. So, in this project are included terror and millions dead, and that the Soviet Union won the war, and victims are retrospectively justified. Of course, there are many historians who have objected to the millions of victims running as part of preparations for war, but the majority sees them as such. They are currently ongoing controversy over the canonization of Ivan the Terrible and Grigory Rasputin, and if they are canonized, following Stalin. Specifically, Ivan the Terrible was also a terrorist, nor Rasputin does not seem exactly a saint. Since the believer comes pretty strong pressure that they are canonized, which is supported by some within the Russian Orthodox Church.
 How do you explain the canonization of such personalities? - You should know that in Russia there is a strong tradition of conspiracy theories. For example, the &quot;Protocols of Zion wise men&quot; were forgeries created by Ohran, caristička secret police. People who want sakralizirati the two believe that there is a global Judeo-Masonic conspiracy against Russia. Most people who have written about these figures were foreigners, and the widespread attitude that they hate us and are therefore distorted the figure of the emperor, who has kept himself very religious - donated by the church, even wrote religious songs. So, he is a saint who became a victim of conspiracy. If you believe in something like that, you is very hard to argue the evidence. If I say that, for example, look at what Isaac Massa wrote on his stay in Moscow, the answer is - logically, he hated us and it should not be trusted. Proofs are written off and left with blind faith. Can we say that the Russia of Putin and Medvedev have receded compared to the Yeltsin era? When we have a year and a half talking in Pula, you said that in Russia there is no opposition.
 Does this effect anything changed? - In a certain sense it is a regression. Yeltsin&#39;s era was much more freely, especially as regards press freedom. There are no strong formal opposition, but many things have changed. Then the crisis was just begun, and now we see the consequences. People have lost some income and are more enthusiastic about Putin and Medvedev, and it seems that they are very angry with the oligarchs. Specifically, in this situation the number of billionaires in Russia has doubled during the year. The people wished to demolish them and just distribute the wealth that Russia earns on the world market by selling raw materials. In that sense there is opposition, of course, unofficial. Putin controls all media except the Internet, but if you read what is written there, there is a big disappointment. In addition, the regime&#39;s control over the media can be very dangerous for the regime I, which thus loses touch with reality and I became preoccupied with themselves, thereby incurring the risk of breaking.
 We know many cases in history where dictatorial regimes have lost all contact with reality. For example, in Iran, chess is believed that the country is completely under the control of the omnipresent secret police, but was knocked down quickly. Putin secretly supporting extreme nationalism What options come to mind when talking about the possibility of change of power - Russia has a long history of alternating authoritarian and undemocratic regime? - I believe that the extreme nationalism of the most promising candidate to replace Putin&#39;s regime. Most people who surround Putin - including some of my former colleagues who are now the Kremlin advisers - say that this particular regime stops extremists. They say if we leave, it will be much worse because it will come to power pogromaške power. Putin&#39;s power - I call it the operating power - not to be a strong ideology. But she hates democracy, and extreme nationalism, seen as a lesser evil and secretly supports him and wants to control everything through the police and secret service money.
 True, Putin is playing a little democracy as well, we need democratic institutions, an independent radio station or a newspaper. According to them, people do not like democracy. Currently, the regime is in big trouble. In fact, counting on oil revenues. Prices are rising for years, so that Putin could meet the people and the oligarchs. In fact, he had a lot of luck - when he came to power, the machine is in one month lost three quarters of its value. Then he just kept growing, and one should remember that the course of 1997. and 1998. Oil prices fell to $ 12 a barrel, while the time Putin has grown to more than $ 150 per barrel. This allowed a constant growth of income of some ten to 15 percent annually over the past seven years. But wages have now begun to stagnate and even decline. True, not much, but Russia has problems to maintain a stable level. During a good period Russia has managed to collect the third-largest currency reserves, just after China and Japan.
 That money is now spent and Russia began to borrow money, as in previous years was unimaginable. Why do you believe will come to power extreme nationalists, not democratic forces? - Maybe it will even be people from the same rounds as well as Putin, but with a stronger, fundamentalist ideological messages. The Russians had a very bad experience with democracy during the early nineties, which were very bad period. They lost everything they had under socialism, are practically robbed. Until then, they were accustomed to living in an egalitarian society, without large differences in incomes. Even the nomenclature of certain living separate lives for the common man did not know. There was the status of spending, which now makes visible the enormous gap between rich and poor. If any other nation had such an experience with democracy, I thought the same. Many Russians have never seen democracy in action, consider that this is what they suffered during the nineties and you hate, and I was not clear why this is so.
 Recently, the Moscow terrorist attacks occurred. How do you think will be to develop the Russian conflict in Chechnya and other regions of the northern Caucasus, where the resistance is caused by Russian imperialism? Can you solve it people like Kadyrov? - Ramzan Kadyrov and his regime are very costly for Russia. The truth is that the second Chechen war, which has driven some ten years ago, never received. Kadirovljev clan has changed sides and now gets a lot of money, a situation is controlled by a brutal, absolutely illegal means. I do not know what would happen if we do not receive so much money and military assistance. After all, he can still change the side in the first Chechen war, fought against Russia. Chechens have the right to independence, they paid a terrible price under Stalin, and all because of arbitrary charges. In fact, they never acknowledged the Russian government during the two centuries every twenty years a rebellion breaks out.
 It happened in the late eighties and early nineties, when he appeared Dudajev, is nothing new. Their struggle is Tolstoy describes in his novel &quot;Hadji Murat&quot;, during the reign of Nicholas I. It was then that their leader was Shamil, Dagestan, the Chechen no support. Western media are full of headlines about how Russia has made a powerful gesture of reconciliation after the crash with the Polish President. Do you think that this is only a tactical move to show the world the country is in a better light? - I think so, and one of the reasons is the fact that Russia needed the money. If you borrow, it means that you are not sovereign in the full sense of the word. Do not you people give you money to say &quot;I hate you&quot;, and Putin well understands it. His rhetoric has been very aggressive, they were enemies: Poles, Georgians, Ukrainians ... Paradoxically, Lech Kaczyński was named an enemy of the Russian people, sewn him the nickname &quot;rusofob&quot; ... Then his plane crashed, and Medvedev has declared a national day of mourning.
 People are wondering why you are crying for him, more so because that day coincided with the day when cosmonautics Gagarinov marks time in the universe. Many believed that this day of national pride. If years of preaching about the enemy, it is not easy to stop.
 