More than 90 000 pages of military intelligence material that was leaked to the public via Wikileaks will certainly be something that will be extremely tight for months to deal with the public. They are made even applications that will allow owners of sophisticated mobile phones to disgrace the intelligence involved in the toilet. It is a forest of reports from the field in Afghanistan, some of which do not provide any information that is not already sensed, although never publicly stated. A good part of that corps reflects the terribly low professional standards of those who collect data and report writing. Part applies to actions went wrong, which are recorded as a global media communications parsimonious. From the documents clearly show that after a lot of actions that ended the mass killing of Afghan civilians activated propaganda machine which only aim was to relativize everything to appear as a legitimate action in which the soldiers were legitimately potezali guns because they thought he was talking about the enemy, and that is not the case, but these were civilians who were &quot;suspicious&quot; act.
 It is something like izrežiranog war from the movie &quot;Wag the Dog&quot;, the only purpose of it is official policy to defend against potentially extremely dangerous situation that led to tanašni ice. In fact the forefront Americans and the Dutch, who are after the scandal jezivog Srebrenica could not allow them to once again come upon something like that. Special categories are pure lies, and here is the worst liar I&#39;ve dropped the CIA director Leon Panetta who publicly swore that the last reliable data on the whereabouts of Osama bin Laden has been collected 2,001th But the documents show that U.S. intelligence on the ground knew the whole series of meetings at which he certainly was, and Osama and Mullah Omar, who had been carefully zakamuflirani attacks by suicide bombers at a tenth the end of Afghanistan. Wikileaks documents clearly reveal that Osama is not hiding behind some impenetrable curtain, but rather behind the transparent mist, through which the lowest ranking intelligence and Keko and well seen.
 The most serious and most dangerous thing that the documents reveal is the dual role of the Pakistani intelligence service ISI, which is on one side of a helper proclaimed American counterparts, and the other gray eminence who was standing behind the Taliban and various actions aimed at NATO forces in Afghanistan and that is even paid and ordered the murder. Full Story into the leak led by President Barack Obama in a critical position because they are now really all become aware that the situation in Afghanistan radically worse than the one about which openly talked about and to clear out from there is actually no. If you want to get out of this quicksand, Obama must convince Pakistan of the alleged partners to curb the powerful current within protalibansku ISI-I, and Afghan President Karzai to clean up their mess and political corruption that allow to create the conditions for such a kind-shift. Both of these things, even for Obama, you probably go to the category of an impossible mission.
 Failing to do anything in the Middle East, all the more likely an escape from Afghanistan could become very serious if not fatal blow to his foreign policy.
 