The Bible is externally represented as a collection of books of very different eras and authors of the editorial excerpts oldest to most recent ones at least ten centuries elapsed. The Greek name of the collection (ta biblia = books - is the origin of the name we give to it today, the Bible. Christian Church Bible books are classified into two large assembly, the Old Testament and New Testament. Testament word used here comes from the Latin word testament, used in the old Latin version of the Bible to mark the alliance of God with people. One could also say: the book &quot;Old Covenant&quot; and the &quot;New Alliance.&quot; Books of the Old Covenant, or Old Testament, include the relation between God and the people of Israel. the latter, in fact, God is first published, rescuing him from captivity, he was one privezujući Association to mount Sinai, revealing his will, giving him the Promised Land, and accompanying him from generation to generation throughout all its history.
 Through this long and difficult history, the people of Israel was guided by the expectation of one of his redeemer, the Messiah. At the beginning of our era, certain Jews, then non-Jews in growing numbers, are recognized in the person of Jesus of Nazareth, the expected Messiah. They gave him the title of Christ, the Greek equivalent of the Hebrew name of the Messiah. They are equally recognized that, through Jesus&#39; actions, especially through his death and his resurrection, God had expanded their alliance to the human community of all humanity. Therefore, the written testimony concerning Jesus Christ, was classified under the title of the book &quot;The New Alliance&quot; or &quot;New Testament&quot;. God that reveals the reader of the Bible appears, from the first page of the Old Testament as a God who works through words. According to his words people run, others come into action, new events occur. God is so given to know Abraham, Moses, judges, prophets, even strangers like the Persian king Cyrus (Isaiah 45.1).
 His word is taken form in human words, transmitted by people who he chose as prophets. Certain pages of the New Testament (Gospel of John, Hebrews) go to present Jesus as &quot;the Word of God&quot; par excellence: in a certain way, everything that God wanted to communicate to people is condensed in the person of Jesus of Nazareth. The biblical authors, both Old and New Testaments, appear therefore as witnesses of God&#39;s Word. Through their testimony, often anonymous to us, the word, still alive, can be reached today for people to call them, explain them and suggest their life a new meaning. The Old Testament was therefore the first and oldest collection of testimonies, which includes the Word of God. But it is only one choice among all the books written in ancient Israel (see Br 21:14, More 10:13; 1KR 29.29). It seems at the time Ezdrasa (second half of the fifth century before Christ) that appears first canon of the Old Testament, it is the first officially recognized list of books as a recognized authority on religious and practical life: the law (see No 8), a title that reveals the top five book of the Bible.
 Later, we will add the volume of the Prophets, considered as one kind of comments and extension of the Act, hence the expression of law and the prophets used in Jesus&#39; time to mark the ensembles of the Holy Scriptures (Matthew 5:17, 7.12, etc..). Kanon was later enriched by the Psalms (Luke 24.44), giving them the official use of the temple and synagogues. But the authority of a certain number of books still remains discussed. About 90th The BC Teachers Act (see the glossary under LEGISTI), gathered in Jamniai in Palestine, establishing an official list of books that constitute the Holy Scriptures of Palestinian Judaism. This list includes three groups: the Law, Prophets and other writings, these last include Psalms. All these books were written in Hebrew, except for a few passages in Aramaic, the language of neighboring Hebrew. But many Jews were living at that time outside of Palestine. From the third century before Jesus Christ, those who settled in Alexandria in Egypt, had felt the need to translate the book of the Law, then the Prophets and the Psalms, and finally some of the other language that practically speaking, as all residents of the eastern Mediterranean basin, in Greek.
 Thus, the Greek version made Septanta. It includes books that were not retained as canonical in Jamniai, for example books and Tobita Siracidea. The Greek Bible would become scripture first Christian generations of Greek culture. U | Judaism hebraičke final canon of the Bible established the Jamniai the one that prevailed. It is one that will accept Protestants in the sixteenth century. On the Catholic side, the canon was officially established by the fourth century (Roman Synod, 382nd) would be endorsed by the Council in Trenteu (1456th). It includes a certain number of books related to Greek Bible, commonly grouped under the name deuterokanoničke books. They often referred anyway in Protestant editions of the Bible until the nineteenth stolmjeća, under the heading apocrypha, although the Church had poured out reforms they are not recognized normative values. This is the creed professed faith called La Rochelle (Calvinist stronghold nap.prev.) Declares, in fact, &quot;¼ are still useful, can not be based on them is no article of faith.&quot; Orthodox Church, which regards them, never took an official stance about them.
 In accordance with the agreement established 1968th l&#39;Alliance Biblique Universelle and romain le Secrétariat pour l&#39;Unité des chrétiens, deuterokoanoničke books were counted in the Old Testament in TOB, but grouped behind other writings. The case of Esther&#39;s book causes special difficulties: deuterokanonički parts, corresponding Greek form of the book, they were too izmiješni with the original Hebrew texts that have meaning in themselves. Publishers have yet been brought to the proposal of a double translation of Esther&#39;s book, one in Hebrew, the other by the Greek, the other was located between deuterokanoničke books. For the Old Testament books were considered canonical by all Christian churches, the order made Ecumenical Translation is the actual hebraičke Bible: Pentateuch, prophetic book, other writings. This arrangement rizikira dekoncentrirati srođene readers with the traditional editions of the Bible, with the usual one classification borrowed from ancient Greek and Latin version: Pentateuch, Historical Books, Poetic books, prophetic book.
 In addition to that there are benefits to keep order in the language of the original, benefit will also be a classification that, in some sense, better respected genre of various biblical books. The first five books of the Bible form a single unit, which Jewish tradition is called ACT, and which is sometimes called a scientific term PENTATEUQUE (Pentateuch), it is five holsters, which are appropriate oklopljavale} {manuscript scrolls. The names of these books, borrowed for certain between them in Greek, signaled one of the dominant themes of each of them: Create (La genes; start) occupy the origin of the world and humanity, then the people of Israel from its ancestors Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph. - Release (L&#39;EXODE; output) is dedicated to leaving Israel out of Egypt led by Moses. Levitik detailing the religious (ritual sacrifice, purity rules, celebrating holidays, etc..), And social laws, where priests, the descendants of Levi, were keepers.
 Numbers (Les nombres) draws its name from two lists of the tribes of Israel realized their stay in the desert. - Finally DEUTERONOME (another law or a copy of the Act) is to persuade a series addressed to the people of Israel that it would be reminded of the meaning of the experiences he experienced in the wilderness and God&#39;s law to be applied when once placed in Palestine. Starting from the book follow the Pentateuch allow movement of the people of Israel from the Exodus from Egypt to the gate of the &quot;promised land&quot;. Prophetic book makes a great second set of essays of the Old Testament. They are divided into two series: preceding prophets (Joshua, judges, Samuel, and Kings) and the later prophets (Isaiah, Jeremiah, Ezekiel and the twelve volumes of &quot;small&quot; proroka1). Book of Joshua is the conquest of Palestine under the leadership of Joshua, Moses&#39; successor, and the division of territory between the twelve tribes of Israel.
 - This placement followed by a tough period for Israel, idolatry, oppression of the local and neighboring populations. During this period, God has redeemed his regiment repeatedly raising the liberator, judge. Hence the title of a book that communicates the changes to accident and released. - Two of Samuel were originally one piece, subsequently divided for convenience. They amount to start izraelitskog kingdom, first with Saul, and then with David. - As the book of Samuel, two books KINGS make one whole. Judging from the kings of the extent of their fidelity to the law of God, they analyze the rule of Solomon, son and heir of David, then, after the schism that followed the death Solomonovoj, the kings of Israel to the north (until ruiniranja Samaria 722-721 BC) and Judah in the south (all ruiniranja to Jerusalem 587 BC). They bring stories that they could muster embracing the prophetic ministry of Elijah as Elisha.
 Books are a late prophet genrea different: they communicated messages from people who worked in Israel as spokesmen of God. - The prophet Isaiah to a spokesman for God in Jerusalem during the Assyrian supremacy (the other half of the eighth century BC). It would be an adamant supporter of the holy and sovereign God, urging the king and the people of Jerusalem to pokoni trust God to keep him humble in all ok, olnostima. The second part of the book (Ch 40-55) is sometimes it is called &quot;book of consolation of Israel&quot;, it contains messages that include Israel deported to Babylon. - Jeremiah the prophet, also in Jerusalem, but at the end of the seventh century and the beginning of the sixth. Inspired by a deep love for his people, he remained a lonely man, disliked and persecuted. He involuntarily to a messenger of God&#39;s Word, which announces a catastrophe deeply rebellious people. He would witness the fall of Jerusalem and the end of the kingdom of Judah.
 - Ezekiel was a priest of the temple in Jerusalem. On doing your prophetic ministry in the beginning of the sixth century in Babylon with deported Israelites. His message, first to this severe, rated villains of the crash of Jerusalem, changed suddenly in the news of the destruction of the town and becomes a message of salvation and resurrection. Amos, a Judean, a prophet to the Northern Kingdom srtedine around the eighth century BC. By intervening on the side of God in a period of great prosperity, he denounces the cult of false and formalistic and injustice suffered by the poor. - Ozias Amos followed slightly behind. In the heart of a situation, both inside and out deeply degraded, it is disappointed and hurt the prophet of love of God for his people. - It is difficult to locate in time the book of Joel, which announces the coming of the Lord&#39;s Day and invites its audience to.
 fasting and repentance. - Book ABDIJASOVA najvljuje Edomita punishment after their intervention against Jerusalem 587th BC. - Jonas book is an entirely different genre: it tells zlosretnost nepokornog a prophet, that God is obligated to go to Nineveh, the Assyrian city table, it would have invited the population to repentance. - MIŠEJ was a contemporary of the prophet Isaiah. As such, he turns to the Jews, God pledirajući process that begins with its people, and announcing a new rule of David. - Nahum The book contains several poems that praise the end of the pre-Assyrian oppression and fall of Nineveh. - Heavy HABAKUK book is presented as a dialogue between the prophet and God, in favor of oppression led by the Chaldeans. It can be placed at the end of the seventh or the beginning of the sixth century before Christ. - Zephaniah the prophet in Judah shortly before Jeremiah (and perhaps at the same time as this) in a particularly dramatic epoch.
 He answers those who wonder whether, in these circumstances, God is really interested in people and whether the water history. - Haggai and Zechariah were contemporaries of the prophets after the exile. The first encouraged the reconstruction of the Temple in Jerusalem. Another, more oriented towards the future, he called on the inhabitants of God&#39;s faithfulness. - As for Malachi, as the prophet after his exile, he intervenes in the mid-fifth century BC, shortly before the return of Nehemiah, in the struggle against discourage and indifference that have been affected Jewish returnees from exile. This is followed by other books of the Old Testament and New Testament. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikisource.org/wiki/Uvod&quot; Category: The Bible (Ecumenical Translation)
 