The U.S. Congress approved a bill that President Barack Obama plans to implement one of najdalekosežnijih health care reform in the country. This is certainly the most important U.S. law on social policy in the last hundred years. Thirty million Americans will get through this reform health insurance. Welcoming the outcome of the vote, Mr. Obama said that after nearly a hundred years of discussion and frustration, Americans finally get a guarantee of universal health care for many hours stormy debate in the House of Representatives of the Congress ended with the joyful reactions of Democrats when it became clear that the bill received a green light because they provide the necessary 216 votes of support. Nancy Pelosi, Speaker of the House, argued before the vote: &quot;We certainly would not have been without the extraordinary leadership and vision of President Barack Obama.
 We thank him for unwavering commitment to the establishment of health care for all Americans. Under the new act, health care was extended to some 32 million uninsured Americans. The Act controls and limits the current highly unpopular practice of some insurance companies, such as denial of insurance to people who already have registered with health problems or cancellation policies for those in whom the disease developed. Another important novelty is that the students provided insurance through their parents until the age of 26 years. - This vote is a victory of any party, it is a victory of the American people-he said in a televised statement from the White House after the vote in Congress. The law, which passed with 219 votes, with 212 against, and without a vote the opposition Republicans, it is projected separation 940 billion dollars over the next 10 years, to about 32 million uninsured Americans obtain health insurance.
 This would be closer to the U.S. universal health insurance, and 95 percent had provided legal residents, and 12-15000000 uninsured, mostly illegal immigrants. - Tonight, at a time when &quot;wise men&quot; say that it is not possible, we have risen above the ballast of his politics - he said Obama. - We have shown that we are capable of doing great things and solve our greatest challenges - the president said. - Yes we can! - Shouted the Democrats in Congress when he pressed for a decisive 216th vote for the legislation, echoing a slogan from the Obama presidential campaign. Obama will sign the bill, according to announcements, but on Tuesday, while the Senate is planning this week to discuss a package of amendments to the law on health care reform. When the Senate accepts the package of amendments, and Obama sign it, will be completed the legislative framework for health reform. Miro Copic nanny state Republicans have unanimously rejected the law as a download state of health, which accounts for 17 percent of the U.S. economy and the huge increase in government debt of around 13,000 billion dollars for an additional one thousand billion.
 Republican John Boehner stated that the selected time European nanny state in which the government imposes a choice of health care. They were particularly impressed by the commitment of the federal government will provide nearly $ 500 billion in subsidies over the next ten years. Civil Rights for the 21st c. - We have reached a crucial moment in the history of our country. It is the law on Civil Rights for the 21st century - said James Clyburn, one of the leaders of the Democratic Party and president of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi has stated: - Adoption of the Law on Health Care was a great unfinished business of our country. Until Today! &quot;Recalled pushing to Ted Kennedy, who is more than four decades in Congress fought for reform. New taxes to guarantee revenue for law enforcement, Democrats approved new 3.8 percent tax on capital income for individuals who earn more than $ 200,000 annually and couples earning more than $ 250,000.
 Since 2018th years, people with expensive, so. cadillac health shelves, will pay a special tax. Manufacturers of medical equipment, pharmaceutical companies and insurance companies will pay a new excise taxes.
 