Transnistria (also mentioned under the name Transdnjestarska Republic) is part of the territory of Moldova is located along the left bank of the Dniester. The area is mostly populated by Russians and Ukrainians. Authority in this area holds the self-proclaimed Transnistrian Moldovan Republic was declared second September 1990 .. On the Moldovan (Romanian) language, this region is called Transnistria, while the official documents name moldovskoj Nístruluí Stanga, which when translated means &quot;Left bank Dniester&quot;. Contents [edit] History In the early Middle Ages Transnistria Slavic tribes were settled Street Tiverci together with the nomadic Turkic tribes Kumanovo (Polovcima) and Pechenegs. One time in the area was part of Kievan Russia, and the 60-ies XI. century, the area was part of Lithuania. North Transnistria was part of the historic region Podolje, while the southern Transnistria became a part of the Golden Horde (1242), and since the end of the XV.
 century will be part of the Crimean Khanate. Peace Agreement of 9 siječnja 1792nd in this area became part of Tsarist Russia. Then it was a sparsely populated region in which they lived mostly Moldovans, Ukrainians, Serbs and Bulgarians. At the end of the XVII. century Tsarist Russia settled this area in order to protect the southwestern border of the empire. The then Russian government encouraged the settlement of Germans, Armenians, Greeks and Moldovans in Transnistria area. During the nineteenth. Transnistria is a whole century (with major cities Balta and Tiraspol) and furthermore the composition of Russia. From time to time in this area is vying to Romania, but that she never went, even after the First World War. The only exception is the city Benderi that in the period since 1918. to 1940. was within the province of Moldova, which was one of the then Romanian province. As for the rest of Transnistria, since 1917.
 the area was part of Ukraine, and the 1922nd, together with the whole Ukraine became a part of the USSR. [Edit] Period 1920th - 1940. 1924. created the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, which was part of the Ukrainian SSR. According to Stalin&#39;s idea, she should be pivotal for the future territory of Moldavian SSR which were supposed to join the Moldovan and other areas located on the right side of the Dniester, as the Soviet Union has never recognized its secession. Declared the official languages are Russian, Ukrainian and Moldavian. MASSR capital has become an Balta (Ukrainian city by the Soviet authorities handed Moldovskoj Autonomous SSR, together with the neighboring areas would not thereby be increased territory, but since 1929. The capital was transferred to &quot;ideologically suited&quot; the city of Tiraspol, which was held that position until 1940. The agreement between Molotov and Ribbentrop, Bessarabija belonged to the sphere of the USSR.
 The main reason why Stalin did not immediately occupied Bessarabiju were agreed between France and Romania (Romania, France is guaranteed to enter the war on its side if Romania enters into any military conflict), the same guarantee that England promised to Poland, and indeed declared war Germany after Poland was attacked. After Germany defeated Poland, a Soviet army occupied Western Ukraine and Belarus (which until then had been part of Polish) in September 1939. And France capitulated in May / June 1940th, 26 lipnja 1940th The Soviet Union gave Romania an ultimatum which demanded that Romania before the Soviet Union in Bessarabiju, North Bukovina and the Hertz area. Having lost the support of France and sukobivši with the Hungarians in the West who also claims to areas of western Romania (Transylvania), Romania was forced to accept Stalin&#39;s ultimatum. All of these annexed areas (except southern Bessarabije that plugs Odeškoj field Ukrainian SSR) were united with the Moldavian Autonomous SSR in a single Moldovan Soviet Socialist Republic with the center of Chisinau.
 Balto and the surrounding areas of Ukraine were returned. Northern Bukovina region is connected to the hearts and thus formed Černivečka area that is also attached to the Ukrainian SSR. [Edit] World War II Such geopolitical situation did not stay long. Germany has already 1941st with its allies invaded the Soviet Union and Romania the chance to give back all the areas that had been forced to give the Soviet Union. Thus, the composition of the Greater Romania (România Mare) came not only areas that Romania lost 1940th, but the entire area between the Southern Bug í Dniester (including the Ukrainian city of Balta, Odesa and Vinnica). This space is called Transnitrijom or Zadnjestrovlje. 1944., After the Red Army broke through the Balkans, the borders were returned to the state from the 1940s. So the situation at the beginning of the Second World War (some even claim that Stalin had no intention to join the entire Soviet Union in Romania, to which never happened).
 When during Gorbachev&#39;s perestroika and appeared somewhat more liberal conditions in the USSR, Transnistria in September 1990. proclaimed an independent Soviet republics, and no longer part of the Moldavian SSR. Soon there was a collapse of the Soviet Union. [Edit] After the collapse of the USSR and the independence of Transnistria has not been recognized by no country or international organization. During 1991. - 1992. broke out and a brief military conflict between Moldova and pridnjestrovskih armed forces that were fueled by the old Soviet 14th Division, located in Transnistria. The war ended in a deadlock, because the Moldovan forces were not strong enough to cope with rebel armed groups. Transnistria occupies almost 17% of the territory of Moldova, in which the approximately 600 000 people. The government in Chisinau has absolutely no impact in this area. In the capital of Transnistria - Tiraspol, exists a parallel government, considered by many to dictatorship.
 It has established its own state in Transnistria, which has almost everything - from the police and judiciary, to its own currency, and even the army, which guarantees the inviolability pridnjestrovskog territory. It is closely connected with organized crime. For example, the Minister of State Security, Vadim Antjufejevim, Interpol has issued a warrant for crimes committed in Riga in early 90-ies. Incompetence and helplessness Moldovan (Kisinevkij) Government is clearly visible on the example from 2004. year, when despite protests from Chisinau in Transnistria closed all the schools in which the Moldovan spoken language written in Latin. Specifically, it is considered that the Moldovan and rumanjski same two languages, but when written in Latin alphabet is considered to be Romanian, and if it is then called Cyrillic Moldovan language. Closed, &quot;Romanian&quot; schools have reopened, but have the status of private schools, therefore do not receive any funding from the Transnistrian government.
 Transnistria is the main reason for instability in the region. It is well organized arms trade (14th Division was about to leave from this area left behind nearly 40 000 tonnes of ammunition). Most of the weapons going into Abkhazia and South Ossetia over the Ukrainian Odessa. With arms trading, Government tiraspolska benefits and smuggling of fuel, alcohol, tobacco, intended market, the surrounding countries. Russia has taken the role of protector of the hands of Transnistria, in order to thus protect the vast majority of ethnic Russians from the bloodshed. For a time in Russia and Ukraine was already a proposal on the recognition of Transnistrian Moldovan Republic, but the two governments are firmly rejected, since it could lead to a loss of political influence that Russia has today in Moldova and the unification of Moldova and Romania. Ukraine and Russia hold myself deserving of a truce reached between PMR and Moldova, although the Council of Europe in this area is seen as the realm of &quot;frozen conflicts&quot; (frozen conflict) that could easily have become topical again.
  February 2008 .. Recognized by 67 member states of the UN (April 2010). 3) We fully in Asia, but has social and political ties with Europe 4) Has a dependent or similar territories outside Europe 5) recognized by Russia and Nicaragua Retrieved from &quot;http : / / hr.wikipedia.org / wiki / Pridnjestrovska_Moldavska_Republika Categories: You check the external links | need a better title | Unrecognised States | Moldova
 