The Russian company has announced an ambitious plan that will launch into space, &quot;space hotel&quot;, reports the Russian news agency RIA Novosti, quoted by the BBC. Orbital Technologies claimed that a comfortable room apartment building in orbit around the Earth could not find the 2016th year. Potential guests to your home will be transported shuttle Soyuz, the same that is used to transport cosmonauts to the International Space Station (ISS). The company, based in the capital of Russia Moscow, did not disclose how it will look like or how they will be built. So far, space tourism, such as the American businessman Dennis Tito, stayed in close to the ISS together with the cosmonauts and their experiments. &quot;Our planned module will not be anything like the ISS. The interior will exude comfort, and will be placed and&quot; windows &quot;through which tourists will have a stunning view of the planet Earth,&quot; said executive director of Orbital Technologies Sergei Kostenko, for RIA Novosti.
 The hotel will be aimed at wealthy clients, and employees of private companies wishing to pursue research in space. The module will contain four cabin volume of 20 cubic meters, provided for seven individuals. The prices in this exclusive environment for now remains a mystery. As for the food, the company intends to hire a world-renowned chefs who will care for our guests according to their wishes. A company that will build this venture is called Energia, the Russian manufacturer famous for building the module and Soyuz capsules to deliver personnel and supplies to the ISS. &quot;A number of partnership agreements with Energie and the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roscosmos) has already been signed,&quot; Kostenko said. Also, the project was prompted numerous Russian and American investors to invest. Some experts, like Jim Oberg - a space consultant in Houston, asking why Russia would spent so many resources in this space project, and emphasized that this move becomes questionable loyalty to the International Russian space program.
 