Meeting with Americans favored Sam Querreyjem, recent winner of the Queen&#39;s Club, not too impressed with John Dodig. 25-year-old Croatian qualifier at Wimbledon court No. 1 in the second round was a tough nut for 18 carrier, which is the way to the third round found with 6:2, 5:7, 6:3 and 7:6 (10). After the match, which was not announced Ivanov greater resistance 21st player of the world, the following things became more interesting. In the second set, Dodi was a lot harder to service, going without dealing with the break-ball, to wait for his chance with the leadership of 6:5. The first break in the match was made at the right time, ensuring alignment at 1-1 in sets. In the third section Querrey has turned things in his favor break for 2-1 and took the set for the end of the service by Ivanov trailing 5:3. Given that in this set played quite lukewarm, then things did not look the best for the 25-year Međugorca, but fortunately, by the end of the match, the impression was much better - Dodig shades were missing for entry into the fifth set.
 Before today the only tie-break, the fourth section has gone without a break-balls on either side, and all the excitement that they had failed compensated in game decisions. Querrey is the early mini-break to lead 4-1, Ivan is back in the finals had four unrelated set-balls, at 7:6 with the service, and the chance it was also the best - Croatian ace in the hole was attacked after the service and played a solid backhand-volley, but not the best cover system, which is punished Querrey forehand pass-parallel. After the missed opportunity to enter the fifth Dodigov end was not in style. On the match-ball in behind the 11:10 he helped American double fault, ending worries 18th carrier, which is in tie-break a lot of things got service. But as soon as we started to change, Querrey has not worked so hard - a good part of this match will certainly not be pleased. Dodig, however, made a very good job of passing the qualification to the second round, and although he lost a lot of positive to draw from the experiment with the 18th
 holder. One set is obtained, another could, it is better to set off the match had a chance to draw even more. Wimbledon, tennis players, second round: Sam Querrey (USA 18) - Dodig (Croatia, Q) 6:2, 5:7, 6:3, 7:6 (10).
 