Boris Yeltsin, ved appears in the Croatian edition. During that time, the book became a bestseller the world of political journalism, and it is almost certain to be given a publishing hit with hrvatskihčitatelja - politicians, political scientists, people in politics &quot;hobby&quot;, but also those who are not interested in politics and politicians who do not appreciate, and yet like &quot;peek&quot; into their private lives and thoughts. Specifically, it is not meant sitting izblije  at a time in which Yeltsin and ruled on 31 December 1999. when the whole world - that are quietly preparing a  flush old and welcome the new millennium-shocked by its sensational voluntary resignation and withdrawal from power six months before the expiry of the second presidential  man ata. For the eighth išnje   wet mixture of high  Rzav with nuclear weapons, Yeltsin has left an indelible mark not only in his country ved in world politics. In addition, neprotoklorano, the politicians of this magnitude neobuz  ano behavior in public (often drunken), creates a picture of Yeltsin najskan   aloznijeg ržavnika in the second half of the twentieth stoljeda.
 The world&#39;s outrage and confusion to the public such Yeltsin&#39;s behavior was that the Vedas, because he was the ruler of the country which in the past in the West  in often rightly feared and that desetljedima to his coming to power, was the concept of discipline and power of despotism. All these were reasons why the Yeltsin his Suna  olds, still ok  was on Mount Olympus government, declared &quot;sa-mo  Urom» (closest to the mildest prijevo  those words in the Croatian language would read, heard -ak), and as foreign analysts have described him as unpredictable and con-troverznog politicians. The highest grade of Yeltsin as a politician and ržavniku   your obno  was about former U.S. president Richard Nixon. &quot;It is a great and invaluable Yeltsin merits as particularly small e   released from bondage and the Soviet Rzav   and about their independence,&quot; Nixon concluded. I  Oistamo, it is hard to believe that without a  Yeltsin especially  and Estonia, Lithuania and Latvia bloodless hake    on the so much desired ržavne independence.
 The question is whether the accounts and resolving  krvavave Yugoslav side   ržavnici EU decided so quickly to the recognition of independence of Croatia and Slovenia at that time, Yeltsin dissolved the Soviet Union not as a instvenu    Rzav and also about the independence of Ukraine,
 