After long hesitation, this Sunday (12.11.) Express exactly the procedure agreed on financial support for Ireland. Just as he began meetings of the Irish Government, the phone is turned all the finance ministers of the European Union. Regardless of how the Irish tried to convince the public - and especially investors, as she is able to find a way out of crisis, the situation is more than serious. State deficit amounts to about 32 percent - everywhere and nowhere more than that recognized by Greece, and for months now takes a real flight of investors from the Irish banks. Only from Allied Irish Banks from June withdrawn about 13 billion euros - 17 percent of its capital, and not much better in the other major Irish banks. &quot;It saves the Euro zone&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Irish Prime Minister Cowen had to &#39;bite&#39; and take pride in what pomoćKao said European Commissioner for Finance Olli Rehn, the problems in Irish banks are primarily to blame for the burden of state budget.
 Because this is not just about a country that has long been an exemplary student and you are pouring huge investments and is now on the verge of bankruptcy, but rather on the stability of the entire euro zone. At Sunday&#39;s meeting, there was no word on a specific amount of assistance, a German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble said that experts in the midst of work and how it works at full speed to determine the amount that will be required to repair the budget Ireland. Germany was relieved Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Many in the banking circles of Germany were engaged in activities Irskoj.Njemačkoj will be difficult to participate in helping and in fact many in this country happy that Ireland has agreed to accept assistance. For German banks and financial houses are just the animals involved in the affairs in Ireland. According to data from the German Federal Bank, this is worth about 166 billion euros of investment from Germany to Ireland.
 For comparison: the German investments in Greece have never exceeded one tenth of the amount of any other words, unlike Greece, the crisis of insolvency, or even the Irish government would be well in earthquakes, and the German economy. Foreigners will look at your fingers Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Ireland has for years successfully attracted by a rule of high tehnologije.Irska had good reasons for such a long reluctance to accept help. Firstly, potential investors never good does not sound when the country in which to invest should recognized the shortcomings and that she needed assistance. Dublin will almost certainly have to give up and from a very low taxes for companies that attract investors, because the repair budget has no other choice but to cut costs - and increase revenue. All this should be added to the pouring rain to get a traditional Irish pride, because it will help with the billions into the country arrive and financial experts of the European Union and the International Monetary Fund, which will strictly monitor the financial policies.
 &quot;Sale!&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: 300,000 house on prodajuAli no other way out: a few days ago a group šaljivđija Irish portal for real estate advertisement that announced the sale of &quot;The Republic of Ireland, Western Europe&quot;. The description of the property states that this is an area with 300 000 housing units, eight prison, five hospitals, a subway, 10,000 schools and roads of various kinds. Advertiser acknowledges that much of it &quot;ripe for renovation,&quot; and adds that the property is surrounded by a &quot;rigid, but basically friendly neighbors.&quot; Price: 900 billion euros, &quot;or nearest offer&quot;. Portal daft.ie though this ad is rapidly removed from your page. Author: A. Subic (dpa, Der Spiegel) Re. office: Andrea Jung-Grimm
 