The new offensive in Somalia, which plans to support the United States, should have long ago to be launched, according to the corporate media get the story written in the Pentagon. But there is still no offensive, because the puppet regime there is not enough troops to keep their tiny part of the Somali capital - Mogadishu. This is a big problem for the Obama administration, which is impatient in their desire to extend its imperialist offensive from Yemen, across the Red Sea to the Horn of Africa. Unfortunately for Washington, their Somali stooges have enough troops to launch an offensive against anyone. Unable to make any progress against the Islamic militant movement Al-Shabab, which controls 95% of southern and central Somalia, the Americans intensify their war against the civilian population, not allowing the retaining and delivering food for millions of people of Somalia who depend on foreign assistance that prevents to die from hunger.
 Subjugation and occupation of Somalia is a joint Euro-American thing. EU pays 2000 Somali recruits training in Uganda, the country mercenary Washington and their best friend in Black Africa. Uganda also provided thousands of its own soldiers who guard the airport in Mogadishu, without which the Somali puppet regime was cut off from the outside world. An additional 2500 Somali recruits in neighboring Kenya, but there is a problem that they are involved in the action. Many of these ethnic Somalis are Kenyan nationals. Traditional Somali country includes parts of Ethiopia and Kenya, as well as French and U.S. base in Djibouti. Kenyans are afraid of losing control of the Somali soldiers, when they send to help the regime in Mogadishu. Kenya wants to &quot;their&quot; Somalis keep Kenyan border with Somalia, against other Somalis under their control, and refusing to deliver them from their leashes and make them lose by letting them serve marionetskoj government, backed by America.
 Ethiopia, which invaded Somalia in late 2006. year, as requested by the United States, is also very cautious with the team to provide weapons and training of Somalis, and which places them stacioniraju. Ethiopia has banned the deployment of some Somali militia, worried that they might become &quot;the wind that could be turned to Ethiopia.&quot; But the Ethiopians are still other armed Somali militia who vowed to fight against Al-Shabab soldiers in Mogadishu. Frustrated because you spent an enormous amount of American money and military resources still can not launch an offensive against the soldiers, Al-Shabab, the beginning of this year, Washington has decided to starve Somali people, and so Al-Shabab forces to surrender. But the UN and international organizations for distribution of food are loudly protested, forcing the American ambassador at the UN Rice to temporarily refrain from accusations that the UN Food and divides Al-Shabab.
 The Americans then turned to the structure of the Secretariat of the UN, using a compliant apparatus of the Security Council to issue a &quot;report&quot; that supports their claims. So the Americans had used some of the UN to attack the UN&#39;s humanitarian mission in Somalia. The real victims are, of course, millions of displaced and hungry Somalis who were thrown into a humanitarian crisis even before the three years after the invasion the United States and Ethiopia in their country. By: Glen Ford Source: Black Agenda Radio Add this article to your favorite online community
 