Meeting passengers at the airport in Zagreb two hours before the departure of the aircraft at the information desk. Let plane TAP Portugal TP 861 on the line in 15:45 hours. Arrival in Lisbon at 19.30 hours local time. Transfer to the hotel. Accommodation in the rooms. Overnight. 2nd Day - LISBON - Batalha - COIMBRA - PORTO Breakfast. Drive to the north began visiting the world-famous monastery of Batalha (ticket included), one of the finest examples of late Gothic in Portugal with the tombs of Portugal&#39;s kings. Continue the path to the old university city of Coimbra, visit the city center, accompanied by a local guide: the Romanesque cathedral - the monastery of Santa Cruz - a square with the university. Drive to Port, the biggest city in northern Portugal on the Duoro. Accommodation at the hotel. Overnight. 3rd Day - PORTO - FATIMA - LISBON Breakfast. Porto Sightseeing: Cathedral - Church of St. luxurious. Francis with gilded Baroque carvings (including tickets) - Liberdade Square - Dom Luis Bridge - Stock Exchange Palace - Tower Clérigos.
 Tasting the famous sweet wines with a visit to a port of the wine cellar in the neighborhood Villa Nova de Gaia (included). Leisure in a picturesque Ribeira fourth (part of the UNESCO protected heritage), with numerous small restaurants and souvenir shops along the Douro River for lunch. Afternoon drive to world famous Fatima shrine, one of the most important pilgrimage sites in Western Europe. Visit the great Basilica, and walkway with a chapel of the apparitions. Continue traveling to Lisbon. Accommodation at the hotel. Overnight. 4th Day - LISBON Breakfast. Sightseeing Lisbon: Belém Tower - Convent of St.. Jerome (including tickets) - Monument discoveries - Rossio - Praça de Comercio - Bairro Alto - Chiado - Nations Park. Free afternoon in the picturesque heart of Lisbon for shopping and personal applications. In the evening you can join the festivities and New Year&#39;s Eve on the streets (the organization of New Year celebrations in the streets and squares within the exclusive jurisdiction of the city&#39;s tourist office.) Bed.
 5th Day - LISBON - SINTRA TOUR - Cabo da Roca - Cascais HAPPY NEW YEAR! Breakfast. A day trip to Riviera Lisbon, Sintra over, &quot;green towns&quot; where the Portuguese kings had their summer residence of the westernmost cape of Europe, Cabo da Roca. Further drive to Cascais, once fishing village, now a famous summer resort with a break for lunch. Back in Lisbon. Possible optional evening going to dinner with fado, traditional Portuguese music. Back to the hotel. Overnight. 6th Day - LISBON - ZAGREB Breakfast. Check out and transfer to the airport. TAP Portugal plane flight from Lisbon to 9:25 pm local time, arriving at the airport in Zagreb 15.00.
 