Transferred from: www.bihcityreview.com Once upon a time in an unknown valley through which he traveled the river, you are fearless obgrlile beautiful green up, and kissed by the sun in the morning so žarkoda valley is burning from the kiss, then once upon a time živješe Slavic knight Gorazd ... I passed days and years, they stayed up, the rivers and the sun, the hero of Gorazde remained a city called Gorazde. Whether because of the surrounding mountains or the verb to burn, or the Knights of Gorazde, to date no one knows. In the beautiful valley of the Drina River town that lives and times of the people to resist. Surrounded by green mountains and the sun awakened him with a station wagon that has to travel across the silver in Srebrenica, or the messengers who go to visit st. Time passes, people, wars, stories .. city and the memories remain. Gorazde is the city where one part of his life writer Isak Samokovlija. He loved Isaac and Gorazde Drina. Even when he went, in my thoughts often returned to the city and the river of his childhood.
 Returned to the cold beauty neustrašivoj Drini, green mountains, kumovitim dikes near the Drina River, back to the people, Goraždanima. Hearing of the peace who provide the city and its river, Isakov colleague, writer, Abdulah Sidran, go to Gorazde, falls into the Drina River and stayed there. Sometimes it was the city where the industry flourished, in which the youth was in the factories of the future called &quot;Victory&quot; and &quot;Azotara&quot;. The town in whose bohemian cafes late Rade Jovanović greeted the dawn with a song on the margins of the Drina wasted paper writing down the lyrics: &quot;Nowhere is not such a tall nor beautiful mouth umilnog voice of nightingale songs her shut up the deserted &#39;wishes to heart breaks!&quot; Rade wrote some verses about beauty Hank. Isaac wrote a play about an eponymous beauty. It is not known whether this was the same Hanki but he knows why nastadoše both. Certainly for some Goraždanke! Today when I meet an older lady in one of the Gorazde bridges remember Rade &#39;s Hanke and verses: &quot;In turbulent odniješe youth who winds up with a list in the eyes of gas joy wonderful person skriše fight!&quot; But do not give up Goraždanke time.
 Not to youth. Once they teach children in schools, heal the sick in Isakovo home health care for the files in institutions caring for the city and the memory of Isaac, and Rade, and after hours busy pace cross the bridge and go home to make sure that lunch is the time to table. At the celebrations play it like Isak Hanke and sing along with Rade &#39;s songs. These are the middle Goraždanke. Those among the younger, as they emerged from Isak drama. In each of his hidden Hank. Beautiful and eager for life. Hot blood, each dreaming of his Sejdo. In Ç, study, work, love ... Goraždanke younger. Learn from the old lady to be a successful business&#39; know, but as mother and wife ... housewife. Thinking about the women of this city, my eyes wandered along the Drina, and stop &quot;The Willow&quot;, where he settled Abdulah Sidran, and wonder if his pen will not incur another, third, Hank ... painted feather woman from this town! By: Elma Hodzic
 