I think what we need our education system is one approach to Bruce Lee. Discipline, respect for teachers, work, persistence, use and development of his body and mind to cope in everyday life. See what kind of access to public school. These students are burdened, and there are too many facts to learn, you have to cram heart, and not enough choices, and classrooms are not air conditioned. What are this nonsense! What is the little people to prepare for life. So it is normal that the school should be a little hard and that we should invest the effort if it wants to succeed. Do the children when they grow slowly and everything will be tailored to their needs. Is everything will adapt to them and their rights and that the criteria and tasks to facilitate so much does not get tired at work. All of them waiting for us and difficult struggle, and therefore should be prepared. Of course, you should cram it by heart! So we exercise discipline and brain as well as martial arts masters are repeated thousands of times the same movement until they reach perfection.
 What are the stories about choice and choosing. The choice there is: high school, technical school, crafts, agriculture ... If you think you need more knowledge and guidance for pupils, no one defends you when you perform your duties, and learn other things. This is mainly with the choice boils down to watch instead of a lot of mathematics, physics, chemistry and elect some bla, bla items. Special story with the workload facts in books, that many students do not need to burden the facts. See what happens in society when people are free from flooding the &quot;unnecessary&quot; facts. So we are not burdened with facts such as the privatization of INA, TH and we just super. Is it? The facts are necessary to elicit from them the right conclusions, but also provide a new interpretation of events. Allow us to recognize false and malicious intrerpretacije, to associate facts and assemble them into a meaningful whole. But no, our children do not have the facts they must learn to think properly consider such
 Ustasha and Partisans and may be entitled to an opinion (no matter how stupid you might be), and the facts and drum memorized information is harmful, it would not help in developing a child&#39;s intellectual capabilities to make it just confused all these data about Jasenovac and Goli Otok and &#39; 41. and &#39;45. and &#39;48. year. Martial arts were a way to poor, disadvantaged people gain self-confidence and security force that they used to fight with stronger enemies. The only thing you have poor and disenfranchised people have is their body and mind so that it used in combat. The strength and skill to achieve ing instrument, perseverance, and respect for their teachers, while teachers in our disparage, books are a big business, a fact something that only a burden. The politicians can not rely on rich, look at their own interest and profit, what is worth buying party, the more it is privatized and becomes unavailable to the citizens, are preparing a new plunder and pillage.
 How do we, so children need to develop and strengthen ourselves. We have to prepare and develop and improve the only thing we can not take. Our bodies, our minds, our faith and dreams! An ass! Tweet Related Sites More from this user Tags
 