Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS), a standard generic term for satellite navigation systems (Sat Nav) providing an autonomous geospatial positioning with global coverage. GNSS allows small electronic receivers determination of their location (longitude, latitude and altitude) with a lag of only a few meters using time signals transmitted along the line of sight radio from satellites. Receivers calculate the precise time and position that can be used in scientific experiments. The only fully operational GNSS to 2009. he was the U.S. NAVSTAR Global Positioning System (GPS, eng. Global Positioning System). Russian GLONASS is a GNSS in the process of preparing for full operation. Galileo Positioning System of the European Union can be found in the initial phase of implementation of the planned operativnošću 2014. year. People&#39;s Republic of China has indicated it will expand its regional Beidou navigation system into a global navigation system Compass 2015.
 year. Global coverage is achieved constellation of 30 satellites in medium earth orbit (MEO, engl. Medium Earth Orbit) in different orbital planes. Current systems use the orbital inclination of&gt; 50 ° and orbital period of 11 hours 58 minutes (the height of 20,200 km / 12,500 miles). Contents [edit] Classification GNSS GNSS, which provides advanced monitoring the accuracy and integrity useful for civil navigation are classified as follows: [1] [edit] History and Theory of Early predecessors were terrestrial-based systems DECCA, LORAN and Omega, which are used terrestrial longwave radiotransmitore instead of satellites. These positioning systems emit a radio pulse with a well-known &quot;economic&quot; location after that due to repeated pulses with a number of &quot;slave&quot; stations. The delay between receiving and sending signals to the slaves are carefully supervised by allowing receivers compare the delay between receiving and delays between the submission.
 From this we can determine the distance to every slave which gets fix. The first satellite navigation system was Transit, a system developed by the U.S. Army in 1960-a. Acting Transit is based on the Doppler effect: the satellites traveled on well-known paths and the broadcast signals at known frequencies. The received frequency will be slightly different from the emitted frequency due to movement of satellites relative to the receiver. By monitoring the frequency difference in a short time interval, the receiver can determine its location in relation to one or the other satellites, and several such measurements combined with precise knowledge of satellite orbits can fix a particular position. Piece of information that a satellite in orbit, transmitting includes its precise orbital data. To ensure accuracy, the U.S. Naval Observatory (USNO) continuously observes the precise orbit of these satellites.
 As the satellite orbits with time shows deviations, USNO sends updated information to each satellite. Subsequent broadcasts with an updated satellite will contain the most recent reliable information about its orbit. Modern systems are more direct than previous ones. Satellite broadcast signal containing orbital data (from which one can calculate the position of satellites) and the precision of signal transmission. Orbital data are transmitted in a data message that is superimposed on the code that serves as a time reference. Satellite uses an atomic clock to maintain synchronization of all satellites in the constellation. The receiver compares the time of broadcast encoded in the transmission to reception time measured by the internal clock, and therefore measures the travel time to the satellite. Several such measurements can be done simultaneously with different satellites, enabling the continuous fix generated in real time.
 Every measurement of distance, regardless of the system, the receiver is placed on the spherical membrane at a distance measured from the broadcasters. By taking several such measurements, and to seek the point where they meet, generating a fix. But in the case of receivers that are fast moving, the position of the signal moves along with the signal received from several satellites. Moreover, the radio signals are a little slow down when passing through the ionosphere, and this slowing varies with the angle to the satellite receiver, because it changes the distance through the ionosphere. The basic calculation, therefore, attempts to determine the shortest direct line tangential to four flattened spherical membrane centered on four satellites. Satellite navigation receivers reduce errors by using a combination of signals from multiple satellites and multiple correlator to then use techniques such as Kalman filtering to combine šumnih, the modified partial and continuous data into a single estimate for position, time and speed.
 [Edit] Civilian and military use Main article: GNSS applications and original motivation for satellite navigation was to use for military purposes. Satellite navigation has enabled hitherto impossible precision in the delivery of weapons to targets, greatly increasing their lethality and also reduciravši unintended victim because of misleading weapons. (See smart bomb). Satellite navigation also allows forces and directing them to locate more easily, reducing the fog of war. Satellite navigation using a laptop and GPS receiver on and how satellite navigation can be considered a force multiplier. In particular, it relates to the fact that the possibility of reducing unintended victims have special advantages in wars where public relations are an important aspect of warfare. For these reasons, a satellite navigation system essentially means any aspiration of military force. GNSS has a wide range of applications and is used for the following activities: It should be noted that the ability to provide satellite navigation signals is also the ability to deny their presence.
 Operator satellite navigation system has potential capability degradation or elimination of satellite navigation services over a territory that desire. [Edit] Global navigation systems [edit] Operations [edit] GPS Main article: U.S. Global Positioning System Global Positioning System (GPS) since 2007. The only fully functional and fully available global navigation satellite system. It consists of 32 satellites in medium earth orbit, placed in six different orbital planes, and the exact number of satellites varies as the older satellites umirovljuju and replaced. Operational since 1978. The globally available since 1994. year, is currently the most widely used GPS satellite navigation system in the world. [Edit] In Progress [edit] GLONASS Main article: GLONASS former Soviet and now Russian GLObalnaja NAvigacionaja Sputnikovaja System (Global Navigation Satellite System) or GLONASS was fully functional navigation constellation, but after the fall of the Soviet Union discontinued maintenance which led to holes in only partial coverage, and availability.
 The Russian Federation has committed to restore the system to a full global availability by 2010. with the help of India which participates in the re-establishment of this system. [2] [3] [edit] Galileo Main article: Galileo (satellite navigation system) and the European Space Agency agreed in March 2002. that it will introduce its own alternative to GPS, which will be called the Galileo positioning system. With costs of around 2.4 billion [4] British Pounds startup is planned for 2012. year. The first experimental satellite was launched on 28 December 2005. year. It is expected that Galileo will be compatible with the modernized GPS. Receivers will be able to combine the signals received from Galileovih and GPS satellites in order to considerably increase the accuracy. [Edit] Compass Main article: Compass China indicated that it intends to expand its regional navigation system called Beidou or large pitcher in the global navigation system.
 China&#39;s official news agency Xinhua called this program Compass. It was suggested that the Compass system uses 30 satellites in medium earth orbiting and five geostationary satellites. Declaring its willingness to cooperate with other countries in creating the Compass, it is unclear how this proposed program affects the Chinese engagement in international positioning system Galileo. [Edit] Comparison of different GNSS System Earth encoding period and orbital altitude of GPS satellites Status U.S. CDMA 20.2 thousand km, 12.0 h ≥ 24 operational GLONASS FDMA Russia 19.1 thousand km, 11.3 h with 20 operational restrictions, CDMA in the preparation of Galileo Europa CDMA 23,222 km, 14.1 h ≥ 27 in preparation Compass China CDMA 21.15 thousand km, 12.6 h 35 [5] in preparation [edit] Regional Navigation Systems [edit] Beidou 1 Main article: Chinese Beidou regional network, which plans to expand in the global navigation COMPASS system. [Edit] Main article DORIS: DORIS (geodesy) Doppler Orbitography and Radio-positioning Integrated by Satellite (DORIS, HRV.
 Doppler orbitografija radiopozicioniranje and integrated satellite) is the name of the French precision navigation system. [6] [edit] IRNSS Main article: IRNSS Indian Regional Navigational Satellite System (IRNSS, eng. Indian Regional Navigation Satellite System) is an autonomous regional satellite navigation system developed by Indian Space Research Organization or under the total control of the Government of India. The government has approved the project in May 2006. with the intention that the system is completed and implemented until 2012. year. Will consist of a constellation of navigation satellites with 7. All the 7 satellites will be placed in geostationary orbit (GEO) to have a stronger signal trace, a small number of satellites would be sufficient to map the region. The intention is that it can provide an absolute position accuracy to less than 20 meters across India and the region extending to approximately 2,000 km around it.
 The statement noted that the goal of complete Indian control, so the space segment, terrestrial segment and user receivers all made in India. [Edit] QZSS Main article: QZSS Quasi-Zenith Satellite System (QZSS, eng. Kvazizenitni satellite system), proposed a trisatelitski regional time transfer system and improve the GPS, which covers Japan. The first demonstration satellite to be launched in 2009th years [7]. [Edit] Augmentation GNSS Main article: GNSS Augmentation GNSS Augmentation involves the use of external information is often integrated into the calculation process in order to improve the accuracy, reliability or availability of satellite navigation signals. There are many such systems are generally known and described based on the way to a GNSS sensor receives the information. Some systems transmit additional information about sources of error (such as the shift clock, ephemeris, or ionospheric delay), others provide direct measurements of how long the signal was unavailable in the past, while a third group provide additional navigational or vehicle information that can be integrated in the calculation process.
 Examples of augmentation systems include the Wide Area Augmentation System, European Geostationary Navigation Overlay Service, Multi-functional Satellite Augmentation System, Differential GPS and inertial navigation systems. [Edit] Satellite phone service in low Earth orbit two current satellite phone service in low Earth orbit are able to follow The delivery unit with an accuracy of several kilometers using the Doppler shift calculation from the satellites. The coordinates are then sent back to The delivery unit where it can be read using AT commands or graphical user interfaces [8] [9]. This can also be used at the gateway to enforce restrictions on the geographic area code closed planes. [Edit] More information [edit] References [edit] External links [edit] Information about individual GNSS-a [edit] Organizations associated with the GNSS-om [edit] Manufacturers of satellite navigation Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org / wiki / Globalni_navigacijski_satelitski_sustavi Categories: Geodesy | Communications | Navigation
 