Author: Peter Vurušić Posted: 28.09.2010 Putin&#39;s position in the affair is still unclear, but some give great weight to the fact that Putin has recently declined to accept Lužkova MOSCOW - Having arrived on Monday in his office, and every day at 7:50 pm, iskompromitirani and nervous &quot;eternal,&quot; the mayor of Moscow, Yuri Lužkov, on the table he found he discreetly left the Decree of the President Dmitri Medvedev. The luxurious envelope presidential insignia stood a letter in which he is informed that he was removed from office in Moscow chief &quot;because of the president&#39;s loss of confidence&quot;. RELATED NEWS News &#39;Case cap&#39; While the stocky Russian post-communist politician, the longest-lived cold read the explanation, the President was in China on a business trip. Thus, as expected, ended weeks-long saga of going Lužkova with Yuri the Russian political scene. Specifically, in September on national TV showing several documentaries about kompromitantnih Lužkovu, such as &quot;The Case of the cap&quot; (alluding to the cap, which became part of his image).
 The films were shown many scandals associated with his work and setting their own affairs to his wife, architectural and tajkunici milijarderki Baturinoj deer. Movies with such content on national television could not be displayed without the approval of the Kremlin says journalist Sergei Dorenko. That opened a Pandora&#39;s box, and the media for weeks on account naslađivali Lužkova, a major scandal, which for years had been languishing in the darkness of one&#39;s computer and drawers, emerged. Specifically, Lužkov, says the head of the liberal opposition, Boris Nemcov, fell as the &quot;victim (you should not complain) unutrakremljaskih conflict&quot; and the war of position over who will be the candidate of the political elite in the upcoming presidential election, Putin or Medvedev. Political scientist Anatoly Maximov explained to Jutarnji list that is the fate depended on Lužkovljevoj and Medvedev position, because this act showed that he has a certain power that is transformed into an independent kremaljskog players, and not just a politician who &quot;fills&quot; the place while Putin returns to tron.
 In addition, he says Maksimov, it was determined &quot;message to the elite&quot; from the very kremaljskih peaks. And political scientist Dmitry Oreškin believes that the act of self Lužkovljeve shifts move Medvedev, who will not harm Putin, but will strengthen Medvedev, especially &quot;among his current&quot;. The stakes are considerable. Putin&#39;s position in this affair is quite mysterious and kremljolozi can not agree that what is in all his roles, although he refused to accept Lužkova the other day, which is particularly highlighted in the Russian public. And political scientist Nikolai Petrov said that the rivalry within the &quot;tandem&quot; Medvedev - Putin came to the stage of &quot;anyone who will,&quot; and that the wave of change and the upcoming shift gubernatora throughout Russia is actually the beginning of the pre-election reshuffling. Specifically, although the elections are almost two years, many of the necessary preparations. Oreškin believes that this sort of competition and the &quot;collection rate&quot; elite that will ultimately decide which of these two (though the Protura and permanent version of the &quot;third man&quot;, a new Kremlin&#39;s presidential candidate) to vote.
 Maximov says, it&#39;s hard to believe that they will both run for it would mean a split in the Kremlin and the defeat of one of the currents, which would result to that part had to leave a comfortable position kremaljskog havens. Boundaries of good taste Despite many disagreements, &quot;says Maximov, nobody wants to fall out of the golden circle. Some think that the affair is not so much a political act Lužkov gone unwritten, but tacitly agreed upon a line of &quot;good taste&quot; among the elite, and can serve as a demonstrative example, &quot;the Kremlin&#39;s struggle against corruption in the political leadership&quot;, which would present vrhuški, with the requisite logistics, media, the public could honor. Maksimov does not exclude, though unlikely, possibility that Lužkov may become a demonstrative example of such once oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky. Printing from a party Lužkov according to opinion polls had the support of only 19 percent of the population of Moscow, while its removal was more than 55 percent of the people.
 Angry Lužkov, which in recent days left blisiki Associates, wrote to and from the most unique Russian party led by Putin Russia. In addition, it is rumored that otperjati in Austria, where his wife allegedly transferred most of its business. In Austria, a villa in the Kitzbühel and Vienna, and in the UK castle. Candidates to succeed Lužkova, Sobjanjin Šojgu Moscow and the media for weeks filtered Lužkovljevih names of possible successors. Now they finally crystallized two very strong, with two possible powerful &quot;dark Horsea. So the rotates the name 52-year-old Sergei Sobjanjina rather samozatajnog kremaljskog player, who was head of Medvedev&#39;s presidential campaign and now is vice president of the Russian government. So you think a person of great trust of both the Russian rulers. More Sergei Šojgu (55), Minister for Emergency Situations and one of the closest people in Putin&#39;s circle, his friends house.
 There are still Šancev Valeri (63), Guber-nator Nižneg Novgorod, and Alexander Vološin, former head of Putin&#39;s office, the man who was in a narrow circle of those who proposed to Yeltsin as his successor. Vološin split up with Putin about Khodorkovsky. Accompanied by the voice of the gray eminence of current kremaljskih liberals. (VV) Number of Recommendations: 3 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 