I am a politician from Norway ¹ ke. ® I want to say that it would be the mail will actually take place between the 2008th and 2012. year. Norway ¹ right to the government ¹ s all the more underground bases and bunkers. This question simply answered that it is working to protect people ¹ ¹ which in Norway. Searching for information on when and I&#39;ll be finished speaking, a odovorili as &quot;before 2011. Year.&quot; Israel is doing the same thing, like many other states hold. Proof that what ¹ to speak the truth, the photos from the ministers that I met. They all know this, but you do not want to create mass panic and alarm. Planet X is coming, and Norway has begun to mail storage protects foods and seeds in the Svalbard area and the North Pole with the help of U.S. and EU. They will only save those who belong to the elite and have the power, as well as doctors, nauènike etc. that are needed for a new start. I already know that I before 2012. The otièi in Mosjoen territory, where a deep underground military bases. There we are divided into sectors, red, blue and green.
 They do this already naznaèeno, and the camps have already been made long ago. People who will remain on the surface seems ¹ and die with along the others will not get help. The plan is that 2 million Norwegian ¾ ana be provided, and the remaining 2.6 million will die. All the sectors and arks are connected with tunnels and have railcars that may preæi from one ark to the other. This is the reason that I can be in contact with each other. I am very that you an. Frequently wages with others knowing that so many will learn too late. Government by the people you e since 1983. until now. All your important ¾ ¹ Norway politicians will know this, but only a small number of them will say it to others for fear that they might miss the NOAH 12 railcars that would drive them to a safe place. So, if anyone of you, they are dead. But I ¹ s you do not care for themselves. Humanity and other species need to live before. People need to know. All governments in the world are concerned about this. For people who you want to save yourself I can only say that the search for e cave in high places where they can make food supplies for at least 5 years, including canned food and water.
 The last time I say &quot;God you will help us all ...&quot;, but I know God will not help. Only each person individually may not mail it to do. Wake up, please ...! I could have written using a different name, but you ¹ s not afraid&#39;s nothing. When you know certain things, you become invincible and no harm can happen when you would not know it was near the end. I can assure you 100% that it will happen. Four years remaining until the end. Get the tools you, create groups for survival before you and find a place where you can be safe with food. Ask me any mail that - I will answer you as far as I know about the Norwegian ¹ ke with the case. Just look around, everywhere they are building underground bases and bunkers. People, open your eyes. Wondering whether the government ¹ right and will only respond: &quot;It&#39;s just a mail storage for food&quot;. Dazzles you by you have. The signs of the alien presence are also there and often see the Norwegian elite politicians ¹ will not mail it to say.
 Lt seems like they are controlled in every respect. Remember that those who will be in town are those who will be the first to die. Later the army will poèistiti surviving remnants before you and will have an order to kill anyone who opposes the exile in the camps where they will all be displayed number. I see that in your mail our site mentioned Benazir Bhutto. Her death was tragic. ¹ As you see, I met with her. Also the photos you will see that I have met many politicians and world leaders. The public will not know the mail is going to the very end, because the government wants to create mass panic. Everything will happen quietly and the government will just disappear. But to you I say: &quot;Do not go quietly into the night. Take measures to be safe with your family ¹ om. Come together with others. Working together you find a way solve the problem of mail with which you will be confronting. With respect mail, http://projectcamelot.org/norway . html
 