After last weekend at a meeting of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank has not found a solution to the current currency tensions, more and more economists warned that threatens not only the currency, but a trade war of global proportions. Last in a series that has been warned of the problems is an American investor and billionaire Warren Buffett. He, however, said the single European currency is facing great challenges due to the strongest quarterly growth in the last eight years. Euro in the quarter ended 30 September gained 11 percent against the dollar. Up to this growth was due, as saying the agency Bloomberg, after the European Union established a fund to help &quot;trying&quot; to 750 billion euros. The Fund, Buffett believes, will not solve the problems that plague the eurozone because it is difficult to expect that the 16 member states of the European Monetary Union to harmonize their ideas on the conduct of fiscal policy.
 On a possible trade war warned the German economy minister Rainer Bruder during a visit to China, warning of the large differences in trade policies of the world&#39;s leading players. In an interview with reporters said that Bruder to complaints of deliberate underreporting of currencies could result in counter-measures, from which would ultimately could degenerate into a trade war. German minister while not cited specific examples, but Beijing has been subjected to increased pressure from European and U.S. trading partners to allow faster yuan rise in value which is underestimated by some estimates as many as 40 percent. The serious threat that could jeopardize global economic recovery is visible from the &quot;behavior&quot; of the lower House of Congress who last month gave the green light to a bill that expands the powers the U.S. Department of Commerce to introduce tariffs on Chinese imports because of Beijing&#39;s currency manipulation.
 To become law, the proposal must still be approved by the Senate, and the signature of President Barack Obama. Specter of global currency war dominated the annual meeting of the IMF in Washington over the weekend, but without concrete results. As they emerged, the news agencies, the IMF failed to calm currency battles that stir the market, so the resolution of this issue is left to the summit the G-20 which will be held in mid November in Seoul. World financial leaders have agreed that a problem exists, but found no solution to the threat to competition of countries around the exchange relationships undermine global economic recovery. &quot;The recovery is continuing, but it remains fragile and uneven,&quot; it said in a statement the IMF Board of Governors, who pointed to the &quot;tension&quot; about the changes in exchange rates and imbalances in global trade, announced that it will &quot;deepen the work on these issues and to The IMF will pay more attention to the annual review of economic policies of member countries.
 In the background issues that dominated the annual session of the IMF and World Bank is the culmination of years of slow U.S. and China, the world&#39;s two largest economies, about currency policy and trade imbalance. Weeks before the meeting the U.S. intensified pressure on Beijing to allow freer yuan exchange rate formation, so that its value is accompanied by the growth of Chinese economy. IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn and World Bank President Robert Zoellick at the meeting were clearly told that the Chinese currency is undervalued, but the U.S. attempt to China&#39;s increasing role in the management of the IMF liaise with members of Beijing&#39;s currency policy, the IMF did not accepted. Chinese central bank Governor Zhou Xiaochuan has rejected calls for an international or regional agreement on currencies, a leader of the World Trade Organization (WTO) said that his institution does not wish to engage in struggle around the course. The first currency war occurred the 1930s, and fought the United Kingdom, USA and France.
 It all started when, after the Great Depression, London decided to suspend the gold standard for the pound, which was strongly devalued British coin, which has helped the growth of British exports. Washington did not wait long, while the French finally caved in, despite his &quot;love of gold&quot;. Then began a race which will be valid for at least coin, currency and the end of the war came with the signing of the tripartite exchange agreement 1936th year, which laid the foundation for the Breton-Woods agreement.
 