Course yuan addition it is expected that the Finance Ministry next month could qualify China as a country that deals with the manipulation of exchange rates, after which the United States according to their law could introduce trade sanctions on China. Exchange rate of the yuan since 1995. until 2005. fluctuated at levels around 8.3 yuan to the dollar. After the strengthening Chinese currency by 21 percent, Beijing in July 2008. kept the exchange rate at about 6.8 yuan to the dollar, mainly by buying U.S. currency. &quot;The U.S. is a big problem,&quot; he said Thursday the U.S. ambassador to China Jon Huntsman. He added that the value of the yuan has an impact on U.S. economic activity. Huntsman word in some way a response to this week&#39;s statement of Chinese Premier Wen Jiabaoa who said that the yuan exchange rate is undervalued and that China will resist by force the states to the appreciation of the currency. No Jiabao expressed hope that the current disagreements between the U.S. and China to smooth, even more so because the relations with the United States at the top diplomatic priorities of the official Beijing.
 However, there is no doubt to give the pressure and the strengthening yuan a catastrophic effect on Chinese exporters in labor-intensive industries. According to data from the Chinese Council for Promotion of International Trade, which brings together more than 1000 exporters from 12 activities, strengthening of the yuan to exporters faced with great loss of profits. Impact on the Chinese shipyard shipbuilding Just at this moment have orders worth $ 150 billion, according to Reuters Zhang Wei, vice president of the Council. In addition to external pressures to strengthen the currency, the government is under even greater domestic pressure for a further weakening of the yuan, according to Wei. He added that Chinese companies from currency to strengthen protected by exporting more to Europe, Africa, Middle East and South America. The sudden growth of the yuan would be ruined many Chinese companies, even industries with years of live exports. At the same time millions of workers would end up on the road. Analysts believe that China will loosen, but slowly.
 Strengthening the currency impact on exporters to the possibilities of strengthening the currency and its effects is saved and the Chinese Ministry of Finance. According to Reuters, special teams of the ministry this month visited the company in Shanghai, Guangdong and Zhejiang in order to examine their resistance to yuan appreciation. In February, similar tests conducted by the Ministry of Trade and Industry. With shipyards considered to strengthen China&#39;s national currency exchange rate mainly affected China&#39;s exports of telecommunications equipment and exports in the metal industry.
 