27.12.2008. / 10:35 By: Hina Hundreds of thousands of people at the tomb of Benazir Bhutto Many of them did not hide their emotions, knocked in the chest and wept. Security measures around the village are extremely grave for Pakistani premijerkeStotine killed thousands of supporters of former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto gathered on Saturday in her hometown to mark the anniversary of her murder. Agency reported that between 150 and 200 000 people visited her grave covered with flowers, placed in a mausoleum in his native village of Garhi Khuda Bakhsh. Many of them did not hide their emotions, knocked in the chest and wept. Security measures around the village are exceptional. Anniversary of the assassination which shocked the world and sparked several days of internal unrest taking place during another crisis, which passes through Pakistan. Tensions with India have increased after last month&#39;s terrorist attacks in Mumbai which prompted fears of an outbreak of the conflict between the two neighboring nuclear powers.
 Benazir BhuttoBhuto (54), prime minister for two terms (1988-1990, 1993-1996) was killed in the attack in the city during Rawalpindiu campaign rally, just two months after returning to the country after years of exile. Her Pakistan People&#39;s Party (PPP) in February won the elections and heads the coalition government, and her husband Asif Ali Zardari became the president. Zardari said in a statement marking the anniversary of the attack stated that his wife was an attack on the country, in order to interfere with efforts to establish democracy and the fight against terrorism. &quot;Tirana and assassins killed her, but would never kill her ideas that have inspired the generation of the lofty goals,&quot; he said. One year after the assassination of Bhutto remained unresolved questions. Investigations into the Pakistani government, the British police and the CIA blamed militants linked to al Qaeda for killing Bhutto, a firm advocate of American campaign against Islamist militarism.
 But many supporters of the slain Prime Minister unhappy with the investigation team and confused because the government under the leadership of PPP is not the case led to the end. (PH)
 