Mauritania is a country in western Africa on the Atlantic coast. Bordered on the north to the territory of Western Sahara, Algeria to the northeast, east and south by Mali and Senegal to the southwest. Contents [edit] Geography of North and most of the central part of the country occupies the Sahara Desert, where life is confined to the oases. On the south lies the Sahel, where the steppe slightly higher rainfall allows the development of nomadic animal husbandry and limited farming. Sedentary agriculture is possible only in the extreme southwest coast of the border river Senegal. Relief of Mauritania is made up of plains and low hills, the highest peak is Kediet Ijill (915 m) to the north along the border zapadnosaharsku. [Edit] History of 3rd to 7 century, the territory of Mauritania to the north have moved Berbers occupying the space left by the farming people Bafura after due to the drier climate have become unfit for sedentary agriculture.
 In this region in the 11th century saw the birth Islamic religious-political movement which Almoravid in the next hundred years, the state established in the western Maghreb, and most of the Iberian Peninsula. During the first half of the second millennium, the area is mostly Islamicised Mauritania and the Arab-Berber culture became dominant. European colonization of the region, initially in coastal areas, began in the 15th century. Soon, the French fought for the position of the main colonial powers throughout West Africa, but their penetration into the interior of the country and the subjugation of the Arab tribes were completed only at the turn of the 19th the 20th century, when Mauritania was included in the composition of French West Africa. After the Second World War in Mauritania stronger political organization of the local population, formed the first party, Godine 1958. country receives a large autonomy within the French Community, and 1960th complete independence.
 The authoritarian rule of the first elected president who was named Moktar Ould Dadda ended by a military coup 1979th After an unsuccessful attempt to take southern Mauritania third of the former Spanish colony of Western Sahara. In the period since 1979. to 1984. the authorities have smjenila three presidents, and since 1984. until 2005. the country was ruled by Colonel Maaouya Sid&#39;Ahmed Ould Taya. On 3 August 2005. while Ould Taya, attended the funeral of Saudi King Fahd group of officers led by police chief, Colonel Ould Mohamed Valli Elyem conducted a coup and took over vlast.No, adopted the new Constitution, held parliamentary and presidential elections on 19 April 2007. the president came Sidi Ould Cheick Abdallahi.10. April 2007. Mauritania has been re-admitted to membership of the African Union. (She was suspended from the impact of 2005). Military authorities have returned the country to democracy within two years, as promised.
 [Edit] Population Approximately two thirds of the population are Moors, divided according to racial criteria to the dominant white (the descendants of Arabs and Berbers) and black (who historically were slaves and free agents in the colonial period due to better education constituted the majority of the bureaucratic class). Mauri hasanijom speak, a dialect of Arabic with a number of Berber words. The rest of the population are members of the people who live in other countries of West Africa, and Mauritania are concentrated in the south: Tukulor, Fulani, Soninke and Wolof, who all speak their own languages. Religion vast majority of the population is Islam. [Edit] Economy Around half the population is still employed in agriculture which is in decline due to frequent droughts are 70-and 80-ies of the twentieth century. Mauritanijske waters are among the richest fishing areas in the world, but threatens them too much hunting. The country has large reserves of iron ore, which accounts for about 40% of exports.
   