At least fifteen persons were killed and thirty injured when members of the Israeli forces landed on the Turkish ship in the fleet composition of the international humanitarian aid, which was sailing toward the Gaza Strip. Members of the Israeli navy troops opened fire when they were attacked by some members of the flotilla with axes and knives, it said private Israeli television. TV stations did not state whether among the killed and wounded Israeli soldiers, while Israeli army confirmed that the intervention was &quot;killed at least ten passengers&quot; flotilla. International flotilla, which was carrying activists hundredth propalestisnkih Gaza and help set off the Palestinian territories on Sunday afternoon. Propalestinske flotilla organized groups and Turkish human rights organization. Turkey has demanded from Israel a free pass by saying that the flotilla carrying 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid. On Saturday, the Israeli official warned that the Israeli navy would, if necessary by force, prevent international convoy carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza to charge up the coast of Palestinian territories.
 Israel on Saturday warned that boats would not be you wanted to go back, review and refer to the Israeli port of Ashdod, south of Tel Aviv, and then bring the activists on board and deport them. During the evening three Israeli aircraft with rocket launchers class Saar left the port of Haifa to intercept the flotilla, told reporters at one of the boats. Egypt and Israel tightened the blockade of the Gaza Strip 2007th, when Hamas took control over the territory. Israel in December 2008. launched an offensive to prevent the daily rocket attacks on its cities. Most of the 1.5 million Palestinians living in Gaza rely on aid. UN and Western powers have demanded Israel to ease restrictions to preventing a humanitarian crisis. Israel does not recognize that in Gaza there is a humanitarian crisis, arguing that food, medicines and medical assistance provided on a regular basis and that the blockade is necessary to preventing the delivery of weapons.
 