The Israeli government has once again demonstrated that he does not care about human lives and the peace initiative, &quot;said a statement the ministry of Foreign Affairs of Turkey, adding that this case could have disproportionate effects on Turkish-Israeli relations. Turkey today (31.05.) Requested an urgent explanation, and Prime Minister Erdogan&#39;s visit to the southern United States broke. Turkey has also recalled its ambassador to Israel. Delivery of assistance are organized propalestinske organization and a Turkish organization for the protection of human rights. Turkey a few days ago sent a petition to Israel to let a convoy of ships and confirmed that the assistance which carried humanitarian. The Israeli government denies that it is the delivery of humanitarian assistance and claims to be working on weapons smuggling. Bildunterschrift: Jerusalem, soldiers transferred responsibility for humanitarians &quot;If we allow povidbu ships to the Gaza Strip, then we have opened a corridor for unimpeded entry of terrorists and weapons smuggling.
 That would mean that later violence and death of several thousand civilians in the region, &quot;said Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs of Israel, Daniel Ayalon. Abbas tells of a massacre of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas strongly condemned the Israeli attack and called it a &quot;massacre&quot; and declared three days of mourning in the Palestinian territories. Ismail Hani, leader of the Hamas Movement, has asked the international community to make a statement on Israeli attacks on ships. &quot;Occupier violates all humanitarian rules and standards. For us, that the Palestinian people, that is no surprise. We know what it means to the Israeli occupation and its crimes. &quot; Bildunterschrift: During the attack, the Israelis have helicopters and speedboats approached and landed on the Turkish ship IHH where there was armed conflict. The Israeli army claimed that the activists tried to seize soldiers, weapons, and associates of the humanitarian organization &quot;Free Gaza&quot; say the Israelis opened fire on unarmed passenger and during the attack using tear gas.
 Greta Berlin, one of the organizers of the action delivering humanitarian aid to Israeli radio told what actually happened on board: &quot;The Turkish numbers in different places installed 30 cameras. It can be clearly seen how Israeli soldiers jumped from helicopters onto the deck of the ship and opened fire on civilians. &quot; Barak accused humanitarians Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak is responsible for the attack switched to the organizers of the delivery of humanitarian aid because, he said, soldiers were forced to use guns because they were in danger. The EU has condemned the attack and demanded an investigation and called on Israel to allow free passage of humanitarian aid into Gaza. Author: DPA / dp / ms Re. Editor: Zorica Ilic
 