Author: Nadja Irene Fišić Posted: 28.08.2010 Guido Westerwelle was six years ago, openly admitted he was gay, and travels the world in the company of his partner, a sports manager Michael Mrontza German Vice Chancellor and Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle (48) spent the past week Zagreb, and so began a tour of the Western Balkans. He met with Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Josipovic, Kosor Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs Gordan Jandrokovic. RELATED NEWS News This time it was with his boyfriend Michael Mrontz, which otherwise usually leads to their business trips. German Foreign Minister, who has since 2001. President of the Free Democratic Party, does not hide that homosexual orientation. In October last year, came on all pages of the newspapers as the first homosexual minister of foreign affairs in the world. With her boyfriend, a sports agent Michael Mronzom about since 2003.
 and live together. It was first publicly appeared with him six years ago. It was a celebration of the 50th birthday party of Chancellor Angela Merkel in which he took Michael Guido. Neither during the campaign Westerwelle not hidden the fact that a homosexual. His longtime partner Michael was often with him on stage during a political meeting. Then in January this year Westerwelle almost made a diplomatic incident when he insisted that the statesman trip to Japan and China follow his partner. Japanese Japanese protocol in shock protocol was totally confused. In the end, however, decided that Michael offers a standard &quot;program for the ladies,&quot; which included a visit to museums and sightseeing tours in the company of his wife of Japanese Prime Minister. Nobody in Germany is not condemning the sexual orientation of the Minister of Foreign Affairs. At least not publicly. For some it represents a breath of fresh air in the conservative world of German politics, although he Obili some moves on the head.
 He was not so wise to enter the Big Brother house. It seemed that after the visit to Japan Michael Guido continues to lead the world, but the minister said in an interview said that he left at home when traveling in countries where homosexuality is not welcomed. - More than 75 countries prosecute people for homosexual activity, and seven of them for such actions have the death penalty. Iran, Sudan, Yemen, Mauritania, Somalia, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia are places where Michael will go. We want to promote the idea of tolerance in the world, but we want to achieve the opposite effect because nerazboritog behavior - the minister said in an interview. After Michael traveled with him in Latin American countries, and have visited Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Uruguay, there were criticisms that travels at the expense of the state. The minister denied this and said it was Michael I paid for their trip, and that he is happy that he could take time for him.
 Mronz has denied he was doing some work on the side while he was in Brazil, but is said to have visited an orphanage in a village near Rio de Janeiro. Wear gold rings - Due to life circumstances, we will never have his children, so I want to do everything to help the poorest orphans - said the minister&#39;s partner. Some of them in Germany, called the new &quot;powerful steam, such as Bill and Hillary Clinton or Nicolas Sarkozy and Carla Bruni. But when Michael asked to see it as half of the gay couple who makes history, he just shook his hand. - We are the two not defined by it. I simply brought up to respect each person for what kind of - he said. Michael Guido, and wear gold rings on the fourth finger of his left hand, but have not applied for registration of partnership. It is a form of marriage in Germany, where gay partners have some, but not the same rights as heterosexual couples.
 Number of recommendations: 101 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 