In a very difficult time burdened with large budget deficits and slow exit from recession, UK will have to face a completely new situation. For the first time since World War II, the country gets a coalition government, while not insignificant that this coalition is composed of two parties that are ideologically quite particularly close, and still is not clear how the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats, the two coalition parties, to overcome internal problems with your membership. - Our country received a &quot;hung parliament&quot; (parliament with a very weak majority), and we are faced with some profound problems such as massive deficits, social problems and the political system that needs reform - said the 43-year-old new conservative Prime Minister, David Cameron, giving impression that he is aware of the problems before him. After five days of negotiations confounding as the winners are, therefore, out conservatives and liberal Democrats.
 Conservative leader Cameron became prime minister, although torijevci failed to muster enough votes to form a government alone, while the Liberal Democrats, with five ministers and with other duties in the government obtained the promise of changing the electoral system which could provide better long-term success of the party in next election (if the time spent in the government is not disqualified in the eyes of voters). Conservatives are liberals offered a referendum on the so-called. alternative system of voting in which voters rank candidates was determined, and those whose support exceeded 50 percent would get a seat in parliament. Torijevci mainly against changing the existing electoral system that favors the two largest parties, and if you do not go to the promised concessions, both parties could be found in gabula. The Liberal Democrats have succeeded yet, and the promise of fixed election date so the next elections should take place in May 2015th
 year and reducing the tax burden for the poorest. Young Liberal leader Nick Clegg (also 43 years) received a position as deputy prime minister - a brand new feature in the British system, for which currently no one knows for sure what should represent that Clegg should be a task. Yesterday they started to perceive the outlines of a future coalition government. In place of the Minister of Foreign Affairs set up by William Hague, Conservative Party chairman since 1997. to 2001. , when he retired to a disastrous defeat in the elections. Currently regarded as the second man of the party. In the past five years he served as Minister of Foreign Affairs in the shade. Announces that it will be as a minister to try some &quot;independent British foreign policy,&quot; as a priority and see the situation in Afghanistan. During 2001. year accused him of xenophobia, because in a party speech, said that Great Britain became &quot;foreign country&quot;.
 Interior Minister responsible for women&#39;s rights and equality konzervativka is Theresa May who before the elections was the minister of labor and pensions in the shade. In place of the Minister of Defence was appointed Conservative Liam Fox, who at one time served as defense minister in the shadows. Minister of Economy will be George Osborne, Cameronovih one of the closest friends and allies, and will be the finance charge and the bank. For the Minister of Justice was appointed Tory Ken Clarke who was in the nineties during the John Major helped pull Britain out of recession then. He served a number of positions in the governments of Margareth Thatcher and John Major, also known as pro-European politician, as his party&#39;s much criticized. Minister of Health will be Andrew Lansley, the former health minister in the shadows. The Liberal Democrats were given the minister in charge of the business and banking Vince Cablea, but is not yet clear to what extent its powers overlap with the finances that are in charge of the Conservatives.
 The party would have to get places and the Minister for Energy and Climate Change, Minister for Education and Minister for Scotland.
 