In a tour of parts of the southern provinces of Afghanistan by helicopter Kresimir Cosic revealed that it has changed or will change only in the mountain warrior and a country that fail to monitor or tens of thousands of foreign troops. In the last five or six years, as a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of NATO, Cosic was visited several times in Afghanistan. - A lot has changed. NATO has hundreds of kilometers of paved roads that connect the ring today in remote parts of the country from Kabul, the capital - says Cosic. And cities have got the infrastructure, then finally starting to resemble the urban environment. However, from a helicopter of the U.S. Army, whose troops make up the majority of foreign troops here, nice to be in a sea of desert stone see green artery of which the majority of Afghans. And these are the green fields spreading deadly opium and heroin derivative. Green fields untouched Everything is green in fact the vast fields planted with poppy seeds.
 And hemp, of course. They can produce about 7000 tons and 3000 tons of opium, hashish (in fact survived and Morocco). The fields are just beyond the southern provinces of Afghanistan, because the climate is here made for the plant, and thence flowing river that provides them plenty of moisture. As foreigners from grace was clear that the cultivation of these plants actually financed their fiercest enemies, the Taliban, who are just here provide the fiercest resistance to the government of the province, were trying in various ways to destroy the green vein vein. Zaprašivali the field and from air and land, by poisons sprayed, burned, but even though they knew destroyed and 15,000 hectares of plantations (10 per cent area was under poppy seeds), did not achieve greater success. K. Cosic, during the Homeland War General Army, now a parliamentarian HDZ, gave us a new tactic of NATO forces, which are preparing for a major summer offensive against Taliban in southern Afghanistan.
 - Two southern provinces, Kandahar and Helmand, have never been controlled by the central government, or NATO forces. In these provinces produce 90 per cent of the total production of opium and hashish in Afghanistan, and the remaining 20-odd provinces do not grow poppy. A portion of Afghanistan in the total production of opium in the world is 92 percent. Kandahar, Helmand and in particular, are the backbone of economic life of Afghanistan, but the key of the war in that country. And that is why NATO with its major offensive this summer, intends to push the Taliban out of their most valuable of these provinces and regions that rely on Pakistan, from which much of the drug goes into the world. - Until now, local residents were afraid to be Taliban, and the inability of government and foreign troops, reacted with indignation when they are disturbed in the cultivation of poppy. A Taliban arose as a patron of this production. - But this year, the soldiers decided to change tactics - says Cosic.
 No one will touch it and interfere with the production of poppy seeds and harvesting crops. On the eve of the great and decisive offensive, NATO and none of the military commander does not want, except the Taliban, the enemy side and have the local tribes and peoples. Which, if not picked from their fields tonnes of opium, which will have to feed the children. Americans have now crossed the tactic they call the &quot;win the hearts and souls of local residents.&quot; This year locals can totally feel free to levy their fields with opium poppy. However, from next year, the Afghan government and the party will try to introduce alternative crops. - It will, of course, to go hard because of poppy production lives up several times more generous than the production of grain - says Cosic. Before Afghanistan became the world record in the production of opium, prior to the aggression against the USSR, the country was known as the Agri-Horticultural. Return to this type of green manufacturing will be lengthy.
 The UN estimates that Afghan drug production market is worth about 65 billion U.S. dollars. Since this cake Afghans (population, the Taliban and the corrupt government) belongs to only about 2.2 billion U.S. dollars. Which, in turn, makes the third of national income country. Make sure you limit your Cosic said that the parliamentary delegation of NATO for talks with government ministers suggested that Kabul should do more to curb trafficking and transit of drugs across borders. - Yes, we should, but to us, and your country that could help, and to stop most of these drugs on your borders - slyly responded Afghans. One of the causes of free transit and export of drugs across the border was and thats what the Afghan border guards and customs officials recently monthly earning about $ 40, and the drug traffickers provide for their $ 400 per month. Now, border guards and customs officers receive $ 200 a month.
 In addition, according to British estimates, about 60% of police officers in the southern provinces and smoke opium themselves. So in these areas is very weak position of authority. I earn a good part of the authorities on the transfer of drugs. Former Commissioner, American Peter W. Galbraith, even at the departure from Kabul has accused Afghan President Karzai, and that is - &quot;stoned from opium.&quot; Other sources, however, argue that the trade deals with his brother. The drug is the eternal problem of Afghanistan. As long as local residents are subsidized to a level of profitability of their current production based on the production of drugs, Kandahar and Helmand will still zelenjeti poppy fields. And the question is whether they can come up and the soldiers dare to destroy the crops.
 