Finally it happened that both rival &quot;football city&quot; went to the knockout rounds. Germany won 1-0 with Ghana and the football people to ensure a Sunday treat with lunch - next round against England in 16 hours. The match, which will have a delicious announcements on both sides, and will end the execution of penalties. Such an outcome in the first half of the group of the World Cup semi-finalists will be offered from the quartet that probably no one would put any five cents: Uruguay, the Republic of Korea, the United States and Ghana. When you sober up from the celebrations after the win against Slovenia, England will be beaten on the head because they will understand what the company dropped. Although the match between Ghana and Germany has long been &quot;dry&quot; as far as goals, do not be boring. Half was comfortably able to finish 3-3. The best chance after the fourth game he had a late hero Mesut Özil. After a mild stroke, which is in a situation of &quot;one on one&quot; Kingson easily tamed Germany swore it was, but everything is back in the 60
 minute. &quot;Spielmacher&quot; Werder is twenty meters from the goal quieted the ball and sent it to the goalpost. Ghana&#39;s best chance came in response to the failure to mention Ozil. Asamoah Gyan&#39;s head sent the ball towards the bottom corner, the goalkeeper Neuer missed it, and Lahm (arm or chest?) Launched with the goal-line. After he escaped to Germany for the first time after the 1978th The two games in a row to remain without a goal, Ghana has embarked on adjustment would not depend on the second match. But the attacks were so barren after the game experienced a few minutes of fear before they learn the desired word from Nelspruit. Germany and Ghana match is rare because the two sides were brothers after their father, a German Jerome Boateng and Ganac Kevin Prince Boateng. &quot;Prince&quot; is not exactly known for its noble start that Ballack was injured in the FA Cup, but last night the strokes of German national team was not bad blood or signs of retaliation.
 Maybe because of what was said Kevin Prince Boateng, a Sportbild announced the day of the match. - A lot of Germans, some of which are football players, even teams, they thanked me because I have freed Ballack. They told me that Germany is better without him. That statement was echoed a scandal in the German public and among the leaders of the Alliance, and until this moment none of the German players did not react to it. Mesut Özil scored the only goal third match School Group D World Cup in South Africa to a 1-0 victory over Germany Ghana ... - I was able to score even earlier. I was disappointed by the failures, but I knew that I would still score a goal - said 21-year-old midfielder Werderov. Followed the German coach Joachim Löw - I told him at halftime: &quot;You can do it, you&#39;re goal in itself.&quot; - It was a very tense game and many things in our country are not functioning well. In particular, we were not precise in attack.
 But I can not blame their young players, there was a lot of pressure and we had to get it. And finally, we still managed to be placed on. In the quarter-finals of Germans waiting for England (on Sunday in Bloemfontein). - It will be a classic and really looking forward to it. Serbian expert on the bench ganske football team Milovan Rajevac not be ceded to the euphoria after the placement for the next round of World Cup in South Africa ... - No time for celebration, the next match is close. We knew it would be a difficult game because it is an attempt qualification to the next round of competition by Germany&#39;s always difficult. I think we played well, we are well parried and resisted the Germans. We had some opportunities, but the Germans had the imperative of winning in the end they managed to show it belongs among the best teams in the world - concluded Rajevac, whose team will force the United States in the quarter-finals on Saturday in weigh in Rustenburg.
 The match was over, both teams celebrated the passage! 79. minutes - After the change results in a match Serbia and Australia (0-2) match in Johannesburg quieted down a bit. Annan was shot from 30 yards straight at Neuer. 66. minutes - Lahm was again saved from the German capitulation. Ayew was left alone for about ten meters from the first shot, but the captain of Germany&#39;s great blocked shot 60.minuta - Fantastic goal Oezila the leadership of Germany. Veteran received the ball on top of 16-erca and stunning volley &#39;broke&#39; the network of Ghana! 51. minutes - Asamoah missed match-ball for Ghana. he was all alone in front of the Neuer, but he shot straight at him! Finished the first half! 43. minutes - Tagoe from difficult situations head shot through the door. 26th minutes - The game &quot;va banque&quot;. Now is the corner of Ghana Lahm saved the ball on the goal line. Slow motion revealed that the defender of Germany played a hand and it was supposed to get a red card, penalty and Ghana.
 25.minuta - The Germans started the counter attack, the Oezil I went Kingson, but Ghana&#39;s goalkeeper was excellent defended. 24th minutes - Gyan I went to the Neuer, but for some reason was not shot, but he began to complicate. Of course, he lost the ball ... 14.minuta - Great opportunity for Ghana. Gyan got the ball on the return just six feet from the door, but Schweinsteiger dive and probably saved a goal. 10th minutes - almost an own goal! Podolski scored a ground ball to the left, Jonathan was caught wrong, but his fortune, Kingson was awake. 7th minutes - Boateng&#39;s great forfeited Ayew, who could I go to the Neuer, but failed to stop the ball. 3rd minutes - Cacau tried hard angle from Kingson surprise, but it did not work ... The match started! Ghana was the first African team to win is enrolled in the World Championship held in its continent, and now she offers the opportunity for another anthology venture.
 With three points against Germany&#39;s &#39;Black Star&#39; to enter the history books as the gravedigger of German football. Nobody ever &#39;elf&#39; sent home from the World Cup after the first phase of the competition. Defeat against the Serbian team Joggija Loewe found in škakljivoj situation. No right to a new false step, it is a serious test of character for the German football player who usually knows answer to such challenges. Victory them automatically leads to the next round, a draw will be sufficient, provided that the Serbs do not win, Australia. - Ghana is dangerous in counterattacks, a team full of physically powerful players. Of my players are ready to seek big &#39;s&#39;, and I&#39;m sure in a favorable epilogue - Loew says. To annul Kloseov red card, the most delicate issue in izbornikovoj križaljci. It seems that the vacancy fly &#39;Helmut&#39; Cacau backed by an excellent spring in the uniform of Stuttgart. Brazilian with a German passport has an advantage over Gomez to be the last season nasjedio on the bench, and Loew use it only as the Joker.
 At Euro 2008, &#39;Elf&#39; was in a similar position. For group passage in the final game should he win against hosts Austria and the team then pulled a brilliant goal Michael Ballack. Team captain has the right performance at the World Championships in his rough start in the FA Cup took Kevin-Prince Boateng - born Berlinčanin and once a young German team - who will now play for Ghana. Troubles did not end here, because another member of the football dynasty Boateng, a 21-year-old Jerome, wearing the German national team jersey on Wednesday and will probably sit on the bench. These days it is not easy because the older &#39;brother&#39; after the incident with Ballack a bit astray. Roll call of German media because of injury, Ballack said the hysterical and somewhat racist. - Stupid is as such a thing came to the public, but I wish him all the best and I&#39;ll handle it with him before the game - Jerome said, adding that since the start of the tournament he has not spoken with his brother.
 - Pull the question is irrelevant Ballack injury. It is certain that the &#39;vendetta&#39; will not be the motive of our players - said Oliver Bierhoff, Germany&#39;s national team manager. Number of recommendations: 0 Post on Facebook COMMENTS
 