 With some people were and their families, according to Polish media. Wrong assessment of the pilot caused the accident? According to a statement the agency Interfax, moguæih one of the causes of accidents and human factors, pilot or wrong decision. After the fourth attempt the landing, the pilot advised the air traffic control to land in Minsk because of bad weather, but he still decided to land at Smolensk. When approaching of expression runway for landing aircraft caught a tree, crashed and caught fire. On the CNN morning show from the ¾ ivo emissions of today&#39;s tragedy, and many experts have exchanged in discussions about the causes of the tragedy. One commentator on speculation about pilotovoj blame for the tragedy only briefly said: &quot;Certainly not all you wanted to die, but it is not clear why it decided to&quot; (for flying too low and too fast, note). Incompatible systems for cause of crash landing? In an interview with Russia Today, a military analyst and former Polish fighter pilot Mikhail Fisher pointed out that one of the reasons moguæih crash and compatibility of the error in the landing, which so far nobody has mentioned among the possible causes of the accident.
 &quot;In Russia, it uses a unique system for landing names PRMG. This system is identical as the system used by Westerners, ILS. However, these two systems are not compatible. Polish aircraft in which he suffered hold central peak was modified for the use of ILS, since the the aircraft flew merchants among airports that use this system, &quot;explained Fisher. The plane was traveling from Warsaw and crashed near the airport Smolensk in western Russia, about 400 kilometers from Moscow. It is not known what caused the accident, local media reported that this morning in the region of Smolensk was a very bad time and that the visibility was very poor due to dense fog. The plane was reportedly four times tried to land at the airport. &quot;This tragedy, not only in Polish history, may also have been the worst in history&quot;, writes the Polish Fakt. Among the passengers of aircraft was located and the president&#39;s wife and the commander of the Polish army and head of the president&#39;s administration, together with other families du ¾ official, confirmed the Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs.
 &quot;The aircraft caught fire after crashing. Spasilaèke teams tried to pull passengers from a very ošteæenog aircraft,&quot; said a spokesman for the Foreign Minister, adding that the Tupolev Tu-154 touched the tops of trees and then crashed and caught fire. Russia Today writes that mobile phones Polish du ¾ officials who are killed are no longer working. Russian President Medvedev has ordered the Minister for Emergency Situations to personally oversee the work of lifeguards, and Prime Minister Putin to oversee the researchers do not act. President Kaczynski traveled to the abundance of expression 70th anniversary of the massacre in the Katyn forest, where Soviet troops massacred thousands of Poles. Identification of bodies of victims will be held ¾ ati on Sunday in Moscow. Early presidential elections in Poland to the Polish media reported, Ava will hold new elections to keep the president of the Lower House of Parliament Bronislaw Komorowski. A spokesman for the Polish government in a statement to Reuters said he would be held in Poland ¾ ati early presidential elections.
 According to the statute, election day must be selected in iduæa two weeks, the election must be held ¾ ati within two months. &quot;Until then, would hold at the head of state to be Bronislaw Komorowski,&quot; added the spokesman. Former Polish President: Katin Damn! Former Polish President Aleksander Kwasniewski was shocked by the tragedy that occurred. &quot;Damn Katin! As if we were thrust into the heart but you,&quot; Kwasniewski said in a low voice full of sorrow. &quot;In the morning I was told what happened, my phone never stopped ringing. Killing many people I know. Izra ¾ avam deep condolences to his mother, brother and daughter of the deceased president. Words can not express how much I find it hard,&quot; added the former Polish president. The course of things the list on the index Share
 