Meeting of the electorate GC Virovitica, which discussed about the current state of the economy in the Virovitica-Podravina, paper GC Virovitica period in 2006. - 2010. year, and elected by the members of the Economic Council of GC Virovitica and John Slamić for President of the Council for the period 2010th - 2014. was held on 9 July in the GC Virovitica. The starting point for discussion about the current state of the economy in the county were the fundamental indicators of the economy presented in the publication &quot;Current Management of Virovitica-Podravina&quot; from July 2010. year. Number of unemployed persons from 8915 in Virovitica-Podravina in May 2010. year, according to the number of unemployed persons from 8444 to May 2009. year, increased by 471 persons or 5.6 percent. The total income of entrepreneurs in 2009. year in the area of Virovitica-Podravina 14.9 percent lower compared to the same period last year, while simultaneously reducing the total expenditure was 12.6 percent, which resulted in the realization of the negative difference between total revenue and total expenditure in Virovitica-Podravina of 65.8 million kuna (in 2008.
 difference amounted to 49.7 million kuna). Total revenues were greater than the total expenditures in agriculture, 18 million kuna, wholesale and retail trade by 11.3 million, professional, scientific and technical activities of 4.7 million kuna, building three million kuna, technical, mining and quarrying 2.8 million. Total expenditures were higher than total revenues in the manufacturing industry 99.9 million kuna, the activity of providing accommodation and food preparing 1.6 million, the arts, entertainment and recreation 1.1 million. The structure generated total income of entrepreneurs in 2009. year in the county is the largest share of 43.86 percent in manufacturing, 25.46 per cent of trade, 14.76 percent of agriculture, and these three activities together constitute 84.08 percent of the income of entrepreneurs County, and all other activities of 15.92 percent. Number of 269 (30 April 2009. 221) insolvent legal entities in Virovitica-Podravina, at 30
 April 2010. years, it makes 0.98 percent of insolvent legal entities in Croatia and was higher in the Virovitica-Podravina for 21.72 percent of the 30th April 2009. year, while in Croatia in the same period, an increase of insolvent entities was 30.38 percent. At the same time, the amount of arrears in Virovitica-Podravina was 257.9 million kuna, or 1.07 percent of total arrears in Croatia (30th April 2009. 147.7 million kuna, which was 0.91 percent of outstanding liabilities at national level). Export Virovitica-Podravina of 1 January to 30 April 2010. less by 4.08 percent over the same period 2009th year, imports were 49.17 percent lower, creating a foreign trade surplus of 23.3 million USD, which is 89.51 per cent increase over the same period 2009th year. The coverage of imports by exports from the first January to 30 April 2010. In the field of Virovitica-Podravina is 279.56 and it shows that exports exceed imports by 179.56 percent.
 On the Croatian level coverage is 50.28, and exports less than imports by 49.72 percent. Concerning the countries of first January to 30 April 2010. The largest trade partners in foreign trade Virovitica-Podravina developed country in which they realized 84.62 percent of total exports of the county, of which 78.46 percent of exports to EU countries, 3.50 percent in the EFTA countries and 2, 66 percent in other developed countries, while in developing countries exported 15.38 percent of total exports of the county. Concerning the activities of the first January to 30 April 2010. The structure of the county exports exports of furniture and wood products makes 34.72 percent of the county in exports, exports of food makes 18.60 percent, exports of tobacco 18.25 percent, 15.72 percent of agricultural products, etc. Achieving the balance of foreign trade in the Republic of 1 . January to 30 April 2010. years, observed by counties, shows that in 16 counties recorded a surplus of foreign trade and that the Virovitica-Podravina from 23.3 million surplus achieved in fifth place in Croatia, Vukovar-economy behind the County of Sibenik and Knin Koprivnica -Križevci.
 On the Croatian level in the same period, foreign trade deficit of 2.64 billion USD. Survey assessment of industrial enterprises by GC Virovitica carried out continuously, quarterly, including major industrial companies in the county, it is evident that in the third quarter of 2010. The expected decline in production and exports in July and August, while September is expected to increase production and exports, low imports and domestic procurement of raw materials in July and August, while in September, expects a good import and procurement of raw materials, we expect the same level of stocks of finished products , decreased supply of raw materials and raw material and reducing orders for domestic and foreign markets (except in September, when the expected good state to export orders). The wood-processing industry in the area of Virovitica-Podravina, as well as the economy of Croatia as a whole, it is very difficult and delicate situation.
 Reduced the number of orders is high liquidity, steadily increasing input, the unrealistic exchange rate which is particularly unfavorable for exporters and foreign competition in the market increasing, hence the need to invest considerable effort in order to &#39;frame&#39; in the cost system and survive in the market. In non-industrial and construction materials situations, as in other fields, very difficult. The Opec doo Virovitica for 15-odd days is expected to start production because of the existing stock of brick products this year are not on the stove, and investments are significantly reduced. Exports is almost nonexistent, as well as private construction, a constantly increasing prices of inputs and create an additional burden. In agriculture, especially in farming, the situation is extremely difficult, due to heavy rainfall and flooding during May and June, which will significantly reduce yield and quality, and in some crops will be realized and losses.
 The Croatian tobacco dd Virovitica began harvesting tobacco. Due to heavy rains, floods and hail that accompanied this year&#39;s tobacco production is estimated that the quality of tobacco leaf to be worse than last year, a yield lower by 10-15 percent. Since it will be less tobacco, the less will be a need for manpower, lower energy consumption, etc., and thus will be reduced and income to all those who are indirectly realized through the tobacco revenue. The Viru sugar factory dd Virovitica early next week will begin processing the yellow sugar from sugar cane, but a major problem in a drastic drop in prices of sugar from sugar beets, about 200 € / t of sugar, caused by market reforms in the EU. In the domestic market price of sugar is relatively stable, except in certain retail chains that have lowered the price below its cost. Very difficult situation in the economy, the decline in purchasing power and impact of competition, particularly felt in the store, where a drop in traffic in certain branches of about 15 percent, while some retailers sell goods below cost price and none of the institutions do not respond.
 The building is a difficult situation, as in other industries, and if there is no investment in the public sector, will be even bigger problems of employment of existing capacity and should urgently implement measures of anti-recession policy. In Unimontu Ltd. from Slatina employment of full capacity until end of 2010. year, if they continued with the financing of the OP Development pig farm employment of capacity would be completed by mid-2011th year. The tourism and hospitality situation is due to the recession, as in other sectors, tough and has been further limited because of traffic isolation, as well as poor tourism promotion County, although it offers diverse and high quality and the prices are adequate. Based on the presented indicators in the publication &quot;Current Management of Virovitica-Podravina&quot; on the results of operations and discussion of members of the Economic Council, noted that the situation in the Zambian economy Virovitica County and the Republic of Croatia as a whole, delicate and necessary measures for anti-recession policy with primary goal of preserving existing capacity, to encourage those businesses in the real sector by developing its production on existing resources, in particular, to encourage activities that have export programs.
 Economic entities are maximally streamlined its overall costs in the part that can be affected, but the growth of inputs, whose levels are out of the environment, determines the non-competitiveness, especially in the global market, regional companies, the real sector. Uncompetitive influences the loss of existing positions and market share, which will in future be hard to replace. It operationalization of the conclusions, it is proposed to organize a joint meeting of members of the Economic Council of GC Virovitica, MPs from the area of Virovitica-Podravina, county Virovitica-Podravina and mayor of Virovitica, Slatina and Orahovice and other representatives of local government&#39;s. Members of the Economic Council praised the creation of the publication &quot;Current Management of Virovitica-Podravina&quot; which is an extremely good way, presented current state of the Zambian economy Virovitica County and was unanimously accepted and review a summary of GC Virovitica the period of 2006.
 - 2010. years, with great praise and positive assessment of professional services, which are constantly on the disposition of business entities or members of GC Virovitica. It was stressed that it is an indispensable factor for GC Virovitica county economy in articulating their interests to the state, but also to the successful promotion of the county economy through trade fairs at home and abroad and the establishment of regional economic cooperation.
 