Pope Benedict XVI arrived today in the Scottish city of Edinburgh, the first leg of his four-day visit to Britain. The pope was in Edinburgh airport, greeted by Queen Elizabeth&#39;s husband Prince Philip and President of the Bishops&#39; Conference of Scotland, Cardinal Keith O&#39;Brien, who accompanied him to the royal summer residence of Holyroodhouse. There he was greeted by Queen Elizabeth with the Anglican Primate Archbishop Rowan Williamson and British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Claggom. Private conversation between Pope Benedict and Queen Elizabeth took a half hour, and then prepared to welcome park in front of the palace, where they held the commemorative speech of welcome. In his first speech delivered at the residence of Queen Elizabeth II. Benedict XVI said he offers hand of friendship to the entire nation of Great Britain and was reminded of the deep Christian roots, which are still present, as well as many who have argued for putting the good of the kingdom in the service of mankind, for peace and against tyranny.
 Benedict XVI recalled how, thanks to Christian kings, among them &quot;extraordinary saints&quot; such as Edward the Confessor, and Marguerite, Scotland, &quot;the Christian message has become an integral part of language, thought and culture of the people of these islands for more than a millennium. Respect that your ancestors were expressed by truth and justice, the graciousness and love coming to you from a religion that remains a powerful force for the good of your kingdom, to the great benefit of both Christians and non-Christians, &quot;Pope said. People such as William Wilberforce and David Livingstone, who fought against slavery, Florence Nightingale, which is said to care for the sick, some are &quot;examples of this force for good&quot;, as it was, and John Henry Newman, one many British Christians of his time, &quot;whose kindness, ljeporječivosti and action served to honor their fellow citizens.&quot; Papa was the first campaign speech at the Apostolic United Kingdom encouraged the British and Irish governments and Northern Irish leaders &quot;to march bravely along the path that leads towards a just and lasting peace, in order to end the conflict in the region.
 Commenting then on the opposition to British tyranny of the Nazi who wanted to eliminate God from society, Benedict XVI said that &quot;while we think about the strict penalties that come from atheistic extremism from the 20th century, we must never forget that the exclusion of God, religion and the virtues of public life ultimately leads to a fragmentary vision of man and society and thus a limited view of the person and her determination. &quot;Concluding his speech the Pope expressed the wish that the United Kingdom, in his&quot; trying to be modern and multicultural society &quot;,&quot; always keep respect for those traditional values and those cultural expressions that more aggressive forms of secularism is no longer tolerate nor tolerated. It should not be allowed to be darkened a Christian foundation that is at the core of his freedom. Some Britons continue to live the values of honesty, respect and balance for which many of them respected and admired. &quot;
 Papa gave krajici manuscript from the 8th century, and she gave it a number of paintings by Hans Hobein, among which there is a drawing of the English Catholic martyr Thomas Shore. Text: IKA Photo: www.thepapalvisit.org.uk &quot;-&gt;&gt;&gt;
 