The U.S. military on the verge of a partial activation of the anti-missile shield over southern Europe, the strengthening of global efforts to build a defense against Iranian missiles in the midst of all the prolonged deadlock over Tehran&#39;s nuclear ambitions, reported on Sunday, The Washington Post. Pentagon officials say that at the end of the agreement to set up key radar station on the ground, possibly in Turkey or Bulgaria. Installation of high voltage X-band &quot;radar that would enable the first phase of the missile shield to become operational next year, says Post. U.S. has not forgotten Israel at the same time, U.S. military cooperation with Israel and allies in the Persian Gulf to build and upgrade their missile defense capabilities. U.S. has installed a radar station in Israel 2008th and seeking a place to another such station in one of the Arab countries in the Gulf region. Radars will provide critically important early warning of any launch from Iran, which increases the chances of the missile destruction.
 Missile defense in Europe, Israel and the Persian Gulf are technically separate, and at different stages of development. However, all are designed for inclusion in the American military command system. Israeli radar, for example, manage the staff and the U.S. is already in operation, providing information, U.S. Navy ships in the Mediterranean. &gt;&gt; We will set a new missile defense shield in a non-NATO Together, these initiatives represent an attempt to contain Iran and nullify its growing capabilities to guide its missiles, one day, perhaps armed with nuclear warheads to targets throughout the Middle East and Europe, including U.S. forces stationed in these regions. It all began with the Reagan missile-shield concept initiated by former U.S. President Ronald Reagan, accelerated by the administration of George W. Bush, a President Barack Obama in September 2009. announced its withdrawal from Bush&#39;s plan for placing anti-missile shield in Poland and the Czech Republic, and announced development of a flexible missile defense system in Europe, which will be built in phases by 2020.
 year. Since last year, the U.S. Navy sends missile Aegis class destroyers and Ticonderoga class missile cruiser, equipped with systems for defense against ballistic missiles to patrol the Mediterranean Sea. These ships, equipped with Spy-1 radar and missile interceptors Standard Missile-3 (SM-3), will form the backbone of Obama&#39;s shield in Europe. Unlike the fixed interceptors on the ground, who were the backbone of Bush&#39;s missile defense plan for Europe, the ships and the Ticonderoga-class Aegis are mobile and can easily move to an area that is considered to be at greatest risk of attack. Navy commanders say they now have only one or two such ships in a simultaneous patrol the eastern Mediterranean, the Pentagon announced that this number could triple. Due to the great need for the Aegis-type ships in other areas of the world where U.S. forces operate, the Obama administration has decided to double their number to 38 by 2015.
 year, the Post said. &gt;&gt; The missile defense shield will bring greater security to Europe by the words of Vice Admiral Henry Harris, one of those ships could be deployed in European ports, instead of constantly terminals in the U.S. and back. &quot;It&#39;s definitely on the table,&quot; said Harris told reporters in June. U.S. military officials and analysts say it is easy to imagine a &quot;nightmare scenario&quot; relating to the future of Iran&#39;s nuclear program, which Western countries fear is aimed to develop nuclear weapons, while Tehran says it has peaceful purposes. In this scenario, Israel carried out preventive crippling blow to Iran&#39;s program, and the Iranians strike wave of conventional missiles, not only against Israel but also against U.S. forces stationed in Europe and the Middle East. &quot;If Iran really launch missile attacks on Europe, it would not be just one or two missiles, or a handful of missiles. It would probably be an attack salvo missiles, potentially even hundreds of rockets,&quot; warned U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, the congressional hearing in June.
 Iran 2015th becomes a real threat? U.S. intelligence estimates that Iran is making slow progress in building a long-range missiles, and that the earlier 2015th could develop an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reach U.S. territory. In contrast, Iran has a large stock of missiles to a range of 2,000 kilometers, which puts at risk the south-eastern Europe, but difficult to reach other parts of the continent. Until last year, the Pentagon has predicted that the arsenal of 147 interceptors SM-3s are enough for all missile defense in the world, but Obama adminstracija now wants to nearly triple that number, 436, 2015. year. The cost for each SM-3 is between 10 and 15 million U.S. dollars. The first phase of Obama&#39;s anti-missile shield should become officially operational 2011th In 2015. Will begin the next stage, while Romania has agreed to host the continental system of protection of the Aegis ballistic missiles on its territory.
 In 2018th, the system will be extended further to other land Aegis system in Poland, as well as a new generation of SM-3 interceptors and additional sensors. Completion of the shield is planned by 2020., With the addition of more advanced interceptor SM-3s. The Pentagon says that the purpose of a European missile defense system threefold: to protect Europe, to protect U.S. forces stationed in Europe and dissuade Iran from further developing their missile program. The Pentagon also announced that the country&#39;s territory for providing radar and interceptor likely to provide specific financial contributions when the negotiations conclude. U.S. officials say it is difficult to estimate the total cost of building a European shield because Aegis ships and other components of the system ensures the U.S. military. (REUTERS / metro-portal)
 