The polling stations in all federal states&#39; have been closed until Wednesday morning because of different time zones and the first counting of ballots have confirmed the overwhelming victory of the Republican Party in the lower house of Congress, while Democrats will probably keep the &quot;thin&quot; majority in the Senate. In these elections 18 million voters, including Mr. Obama, used the possibility of early voting by mail. - This is a great victory of the American people because they decided to send a message to the President and the politicians that more is expected of the executive and all of us and we will provide to them - said Republican John Boehner, the current leader of the minority in the House of Representatives, visibly excited after the Republican election headquarters Tuesday night in Washington began to celebrate victory. Boehner will be the new chairman of the House and the site will replace Nancy Pelosi, first woman in the history of American democracy, which was performing her duties.
 Zabrintutost for Economy Analysts agree that the attitude of the voters voting for the Republicans showed deep concern about the economic situation of America and are unhappy with the direction that the Barack Obama and the Democrats ran the country. On Tuesday, Americans have elected 37 of 100 seats in the Senate and predictions before all ballots counted, announce that the Democrats could retain most of the 51 representative. All major U.S. television stations on election day all of a program devoted to exit polls, on the first results of the votes counted and announced the victory of Republicans in the House of Representatives. Boycott Obama has failed to start the voters who were his support two years ago and is an important part of youth and the black population boycotted the election. The most famous &quot;witch&quot; campaign Christine O &#39;Donnell, candidate Tea Party movement in Delewareu, not elected, he defeated Democrat Chris Coons.
 Republican Pat Tommey from Pennsylvania has brought a significant victory to his party in the Senate. With the support Tea Party in the Senate from Florida coming and Republican Marco Rubio. Republicans now have 178 seats in the House of Representatives, and should total 218 seats to become the majority and it is expected that Democrats will &quot;hijack&quot; the 60 seats. Obama is the first election results awaited in a residential area in the White House social democratic politicians, led by Pelosi Nensy, but did not comment on the defeat of Democrats nor sent an official communication. Democrats have been &quot;saved face&quot; victory of Harry Reid, leader of Democrats in the Senate, who defeated the Nevada Republican Sharron Angle which all the predicted success.
 