After the U.S. State Department on Saturday warned their citizens about the possibility of terrorist attacks in Europe, inviting them to an extra caution, warning yesterday saying that concretized the Eiffel Tower and Notre-Dame Cathedral in Paris, Buckingham Palace in London, the Brandenburg Gate, the hotel Adler and the famous television tower on Alexanderplatz square in Berlin, only some of the alleged targets of Al Qaeda across Western Europe. It is a popular tourist destination in which to gather large numbers of people, and that the warnings taken seriously confirms a large number of police forces deployed around these places. Tighter security measures are for the British royal family. Interestingly, however, that the news on Al Qaeda targets in Western Europe, first published by the American right-wing Fox News television, citing the information the intelligence agencies. Fox argues that the secret agency got hold of a list of spectacular terrorist target of a German-Pakistani citizen, 36-year-old Ahmad Sidiqija, which the U.S. intelligence agents interrogated at Bagram, the U.S. base in Afghanistan.
 According Sidiqiju, as the media, attacks on multiple targets in Europe financed by Osama bin Laden. Terrorist attacks against Al Qaeda plans to export the model to the attacks in Mumbai in India two years ago, when it killed 166 people. On the terrorist threat in Europe yesterday warned the Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs, urging their nationals residing in Europe increased caution, especially in public transport and in public and tourist areas. According to the EUobserver website, American and British intelligence agencies reported as France, Germany and Sweden that could become the scene of terrorist attacks by Christmas. Moreover, the CNN organization of terrorist attacks attributed to just the Hamburg terrorist cell of Islamic militants. Britain raised its terror threat level for Germany and France, and Sweden raised its security level yet last Friday, on the basis of such information as came from Britain and Washington.
 However, Germany has largely remained cool to the warning, without changing the level of preparedness in Germany, the German Ministry of the Interior explained by the fact that &quot;there is still no concrete signs that would indicate increased risk.&quot; Although yesterday and today in Brussels, held a meeting at the top of Europe and Asia, where 31 are expected to head of state or government, Belgium has not raised its security level for alleged assault. Some, however, widespread fear of terrorist attacks linked to the continent of Europe last week&#39;s massive workers&#39; demonstrations in several capitals of European countries. Many European countries have introduced radical austerity measures that reduce and freeze the salaries and pensions, which caused a social revolt and various forms of civil disobedience across the EU. And just when it matured the idea of a general strike and the European single European resistance, has launched speculation about terrorists and their alleged targets in Europe.
 In order for such claims have not provided any evidence - nor have any terrorists discovered, let alone arrested - it is only substantiate doubts about the intentions of those who publish such information.
 