Author: Tomislav Čadež Published: 30.10.2010 The city has not cost us more as before, and their football is much worse than in Croatia By Tomislav Čadež Belgrade has at least three times higher than Zagreb, his views are at least twice glomaznije in comparison with him seems Zagreb like Graz or Ljubljana. Belgrade, compared with Zagreb, chaotic, dynamic and neglected metropolis, in whose poorly paved streets despairing whine old Czech trams and trolleybuses dusty, and whip the countless boulevards, 15-odd years old taxis. However, the streets are clean, and although all the smoke, no cigarette butts on sidewalks. Facades are usually dusty and dim, and no makeup, but all in a rough swing. Pedestrians are, even the elderly, many žustriji than in Zagreb, there are greater distances, and nobody pulls. Waiters have even more to serve the tables and, in general, those who work in service industries are really exploited to the limit.
 RELATED NEWS News Slavija At the roundabout, where traffic is distributed from the center to the east of the city, and exit avenues are constantly flying vehicles for at least three columns. Who is closer to the center of the rotunda, and who is crazier, takes precedence. With a team that is struggling to pass a number of buses and trams. Much like the Roman squares. No downtime, no impact, although there are no signs drawn horizontally. Who has never found himself with the car in a big city, the better it is here that uses public transport. The eternal derby Pedestrians some three kilometers from the railway station, the Supreme Court Building, to the rotunda at the Hotel Slavija, where, what to Dinah Washington said, bending the rails, and further, to the Red Star stadium, on the Sava Vence, a series Bulevar who previously called Bulevar JNA. At the train station is already at 7 in the morning on arrival platforms lined up special police squad. In 13 hours the game is called. eternal derby, 139
 league clash Star and Partizan. With the Supreme Court Building and a series Bulevar lined up a few hundred, maybe more than the thousands of &quot;turtle&quot;. Spare units are concentrated in the surrounding parks. Most of them are in Karadjordjevo park in front of St. Save, neo-Byzantine zgradurine which was completed just outside. Inside, under the load, the imposing dome of reinforced concrete truck stands and bags of cement around it. At the entrance a few icons and a boutique with souvenirs of the Church. Offered, among other things, cases for mobile relief decorated temple at the price of 1260 dinars, or about 90 kuna. Not exactly a bargain ... The police on horses in a great loop service, which rotates in front of the stadium special forces on horseback, about ten of them, and are arranged around Marakana special designated gendarmerie, in camouflage uniforms with light blue berets, which were until recently swapped helmets. Zvezdin Stadium which is located three hundred meters by the partisans, as the two sides surrounds it completely abandoned meadows.
 At the southern entrance to the visiting mortician. They are folded up in the wild meadow behind the stadium, surrounded by wire. In the background, quite a substantial unfinished reinforced concrete blockhouse. By the beginning of the game gathered them up about seven thousand. As the teenagers here anyway usually dressed in a dark, rather they take out scarves and have uniform. North, bringing together local ultras, is much broader, about a third, ahead of him and infrastructure: concrete plateau with shops and further to the west, bars and souvenir shops. Delija gathered about 12 000, and have almost completed their segment, which fit 14 000 people. The stadium is deeply buried and the outside can not look at his nonchalant monumentality. I bought a ticket to the east, where there is also the younger world. Across the street, in the west, the audience is similar to Zagreb, people with more money and less voice. In the east, perhaps tens of thousands of people, the west lot is empty, so it has a total of up to 30 000 people.
 When you&#39;re in the east, closer to sitting north, more Zvezdinih fans, and they&#39;re closer to the south, is more of Partizan. I sat down at the half, where they are mixed up. Hatred between the gravedigger and Delija more ritual than real, and despite the many mutual conflicts are much more respected than, say, fans of Dinamo Zagreb and Hajduk. Cheered by turns, often plješćući each other, and went with an even more intense singing or chanting. SWAT in the bus Delije have developed 50-odd flags and periodically insult visiting goalkeeper Stojkovic. Cheerleading began nearly an hour before the start and duration, except at half time, constantly. Nice ambience, and desperate football. Zvezda has swallowed pacerski goal in the ninth minute, and since then the field is practically nothing happened. Guests are kept score, a Star is not even played a double pass forward, is performed by a single penetration from the side and, in general, its players do not run.
 Such a star would win Karlovac, and FC humbled. I&#39;ve never seen a greater discrepancy between the sport supporters decor and games on the field. After the police continued utalmice dežurati throughout the center. Two buses Subotica registration with the special forces lurking in the Pioneer Park, one of Kragujevac, registration, was parked in front of the park manege, where supporters have recently tried to penetrate to the gay parade. However, there were no riots. As they quietly assembled, so the fans and dispersed peacefully. Kult Beograd books no subway, though he should. Instead operate buses, less than derutni trams, and often writes on them that they donated a foreign government, even Japanese. Public transport riding, as well as us, children, students, and so. losers of transition, workers and pensioners. Serious facial, head bowed. As in Zagreb, and here no one laugh. Slum people dressed in gray and black cloth.
 Youth cheap jeans, many in track suits and old sneakers. Belgrade is no longer inexpensive Zagrebers city as it was in the past decade, but remains expensive. About 30-odd percent. The average taxi ride will still pay a very favorable 40-odd kuna, a tasty hot dog, two times higher than in the U.S., you will pay ten kuna. Anyone interested, the best prices on books and food markets. The books are about twice as cheaper and more clearly-spoken than in the U.S.. And for those old trams, you will often see ads for new hits. In Belgrade, about a hundred operates a bookstore, some connected to the book chains, and much interest in the book more than we talk and the exhibition pavilions of the Belgrade Book Fair. Compared with Interliber, he was three times higher, and how the market is a lively book, proves a special department at the fair, below the highest, 1 pavilion, where the lease stands 40-odd antique.
 In Zagreb, Antiquity almost died, and here you can haggle for hours about the old and less old books. This price depends on supply and demand and some can be more or less frequently required books books peppery pay. The local chain of fancy diner, as represented in our Fresh Daily, was named Book of the bread. We have developed and market and general comics here consumes more paper than with us. The dozen daily newspapers, and are often less than two rate. They are cheap cigarettes. Marlboro box is 150 dinars, or some 11 kuna. At the flea market at a flea market for 42 blocks in New Belgrade, where you come from the town for about twenty minutes by tram number 9, near the overpass where the train station is situated Novi Beograd, Marlboro box is 110 dinars, or about 7.5 kn. The flea market is part of the shopping center, located beyond the streets of meaningful titles, Proletarian Solidarity, and the main, fenced section consists of hundreds of metal Kucerak and stalls crammed into the space about the size of a football field.
 And not just any bargain. Clothes are sold at prices as are offered to us in the so-called. Outlet, a lot of winced and items that are hard to find in the city, such as axes or large pots. Green wreaths at the market, situated in the center, which could be compared with the Zagreb Dolce, the supply is more than abundant, and prices are probably the highest in the city. Still, a kilo is only two port rate, and grapes can be found, but five kuna per kilogram. There is also a nice Kraševo chocolate boutique, and illustrates the breadth of offers and specializes in the butcher shop where the sale of horsemeat exclusively. Since most of Croatian products in the shops with consumer goods offers Cedevita. Desolate night Beograd live dynamic 24 hour day. The city operates approximately 400 hotels, and on rivers, backwaters of the Danube and the Sava River is open to hundreds of rafts for nighttime entertainment. However, the city still relax in the evening. Those who do not have money, a majority, but disappeared from the streets at dusk and Knez Mihaylova evening seem as desolate as Jelacic plac.
 At night, stray dogs rule of Belgrade. Virtually every building block has its own herd, and they won it all urban areas, even in front of Parliament. These are all haggard mutt, each has at least one hit a car, because all šepaju, and must have been in a lot diznijevskih story, because with them špancir parks and lovingly cared for pets accompanied by cautious owners. In Belgrade, dozens of major theaters with regular repertoire. The Yugoslav Drama Theatre has just directed by Boris Lijesevic, set dramatization of the novel &quot;Elijah Chair&quot; Croatian writer Igor Styx. The play was successful, and the old Jew Elijah plays Vlastimir Đuza Stojiljkovic. Like our Kvrgić Pere, and he was in the ninth decade of life more active, intrusive and pervasive, quiet and articulate, dignified government audience. Number of recommendations: 166 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 