Isik Kul is a deep lake on the northern side of the T&#39;ien Shan mountains in the area kirgistanskoj Transilijsk Ala Tau. His name means warm water, and really, even though it is surrounded by high mountain peaks covered with snow and ice, the lake is not even in the midst najžešæe winter freezes. According to well-informed Ukrainian writer V. Krapiva, 30tih end of the last century, the Russian investigating paranormal phenomena Grabovski, wrote a very unusual story with such areas. Grabovski èoveka met with his friend once explored cave near Isik Kul Lake. The cave was discovered three human skeletons, each more than three meters. Each skeleton was covered with ornaments of silver, which form the podseæali blind mice (leteæe mammals). Èovek are scared of their looks and age no one said anything reè about his discovery. Yet he and his friend took the ornaments and melt them in silver bullion.
 Have been preserved only one run a piece of decoration. Soviet the scientists who are questioning him, they say they can not determine the age of the decorations. It is interesting that a Kyrgyz legend tells of an underwater city that exists in the depths of the lake. The ruler of the city, the king Osounes, was a creature neobiènog looks - had dugaèke magareæe ears. &quot; The lake is known only by water that is not frozen and the legend of the lost city, but rather unusual and paranormal phenomena. The earliest mention of similar giant creatures dating back to the beginning of the twentieth century. Several deèaka in Georgia (then part of Russian Empire), discovered in the middle of the mountain cave full of humanoid skeletons. Each skeleton was high for at least three meters. To reach the cave, deèaci had to dive into the lake. Georg Papašvili and his wife were prisetili these stories in his book printed in New York in 1925, the Georgian immigrants adapt to life in America.
 Hunting is not allowed on the giants Many years later, a far more sinister incident took place in the then Sovjetskomm Alliance at Lake Baikal. Russian Anomalia magazine who writes about paranormal phenomena, published in 1992. Text Mark Steinberg, Soviet veterans of the Afghanistan war. Steinberg has written several books and an expert for the Russian army, who now lives in the United States. In his text then he describes how in the summer 1982nd together with Lieutenant Genadije Zverev, actively led by the occasional diver-training izvidjaèa in Turkistan and other central Asian military regions. Training was completed on Isik Kul Lake. How the media, just as in the lake during the era Sovetskogo Union tested an underwater missiles and torpedoes. Today in Kyrgyzstan, it is claimed, the Isik Kul Lake is still a Russian naval communications center. But is the 1982nd The Major General V. Demjanko, commander of the military service ronilaèkog engineering unit of the Ministry of Defense of the USSR, unexpectedly and in a hurry inform local officers of the extraordinary event that took place during a similar training in the Trans-Baikal in Siberia and western military region.
 During military exercises, the Soviet people frogs have experienced encounters with mysterious podvodinim &quot;swimmers&quot;, pretty humanoid creatures of huge dimensions (over three meters high). &quot;Swimmers&quot; were worn only a tight-fitting silvery suits and seemed to have their ice-cold water does not matter. At a depth of 50 meters, &quot;swimmers&quot; had neither the equipment for deep diving (akvalang), or any other equipment. Only their heads were covered with sferiènim helmets. Steinberg in the text further states that the local military commanders in Siberia, decided to capture one of these creatures. Specjalne group of seven divers was sent to the task. But while one of the members of the team trying to nabaci network over the creatures, suddenly a mighty force of all divers, encased in a vortex and then literally kicked out of the depths to the surface of the lake. And as an autonomous deep diving equipment does not allow the emergence of so much depth without prior submission to the process of decompression, all members nesreæne underwater expedition due to rapid ascent earned aeroemboliju, or caisson disease.
 The only remedy was to undergo immediate decompressive hiperbariènim in special chambers under pressure. The Army had several of these chambers, but only one was in good condition. In it are able to fit only two èoveka. However, local military commanders have pushed four of the people in the frog hiperbariènu chamber, which resulted in the death of three divers and a severe disability fourth. Major General are submitted to the Isik Kul Lake to the local military commander warns not to try to capture &quot;swimmers&quot;. Although the Isik Kul Lake of Baikal pliæe, its depth is quite sufficient for the life of these mysterious creatures. The Soviet High Command was aware of the existence of &quot;swimmers&quot; and ordered not to touch. Maybe they know far more about the underwater residents of Kula Isik independent istraživaèa Grabovskog. Soon afterwards, the headquarters of Turkmenistan received the order from the military region commanders of ground forces.
 The order is a detailed analysis of the incident on Lake Baikal and the reprimand issued to the local officers. With the order had arrived and the news bulletin of the Main Staff of engineering units of the USSR Ministry of Defense, stating the number of deep lakes in which they are registered unusually phenomena: the appearance of underwater creatures analogous Baikal type &quot;swimmers&quot;; very light that comes from a deep, raising and lowering of the giant disks and spheres ... what Hitler sought to Tibet Mikhail Demidenko, a famous Russian writer who died 2003rd year, read the text Štajnbergov of 1992. and recalled that in 1986, while he was on a mission on behalf of the writers from Irkustska (Siberia), he spent some time at Lake Baikal. There was heard from local fishermen that they saw a lien that, a couple of years ago, military divers incredible force rushed out of the lake even 10-15 meters above the water surface. Fishermen were never discovered because Of what the soldiers acted so weird.
 Demidenko was convinced that it was the same incident described by Steinberg, so he contacted his sources in the highest echelons of the Russian Army pokušavajuæi to find out the details, but without much success. Finally he still managed to talk with a colonel from the Main Directorate logistièkog. Demidenko has learned from him that details of such an action likely to appear in special archives that require approval from the top. Mikhail Demidenko was once, after graduating from military school, became a translator for the Chinese language. He served in the Soviet Supreme Command of the Army as a translator and was stationed at the main headquarters of the Air Force of China. He also served in North Korea during the war. Later he traveled Demidenko China to the west of Tibet, when he became a prominent writer and writers visited the other countries in Southeast Asia and Europe. He has written several fascinating books, among which is the last in which mention is made of a mysterious giants - Following the SS troops in Tibet, published 1999th
 year. Demidenko, 1954. accompanied by senior military officers in Beijing and the Soviet military command that inspects Chinese troops in the province Ksinjiang (Uighur region) and to the west of Tibet. In Tibet this group zvaniènika spent one night in lamaistièkom monastery, where he met Demidenko old Mongolian monk who spoke Russian. Among the many fascinating tales he heard from an old monk, was the one about a cave in the Tibetan mountains, where the Giants to three meters high living in a kind of anesthetic induced sleep. One day, said the monk, the Giants will wake up. Later Demidenko heard a story that the Chinese intentionally broke into one of the sacred cave, drew from her dormant amphibian giants and hanged them in public places. How Demidenko writes in his extremely well-researched story (he had a bona fide relationship in Asia, Eastern Nemaèkoj, the Russian army ...) big fans of the occult - the Nazis were aware of the existence of giants and legends about the underground gardovima Tibet.
 This is why Hitler and sent an expedition to Tibet, convinced that a giant demigods will confirm his theory. But there is much more about the giants in Demidenkovoj last book, just as there are plenty of historical data about Hitler&#39;s expeditions, archives and mysterious events. Div Borisoglebsk Short-term increase in UFO activity 1978th year, made the USSR Academy of Sciences that the consent of the research program of anomalous atmospheric phenomena. The name of the program was ŠETKA-AN (Academy of Sciences Network). The first step ŠETKA-AN was officially the introduction of descriptive terms &quot;anomalous atmospheric phenomena&quot; instead of NLO prohibited. Censorship was lifted UFO theme 1989th Ministry of Defence has launched a program similar to those called ŠETKA-MO (Minsterstva Oborni Set). Eduard A. Jermilov, a prominent Russian nauènik prestigious Research Institute of radio physics, was included in the program ŠETKA and 1982.
 investigated the case in which the main role likely to have humanoid &quot;div&quot;. Borisoglebsk is located in the Voronezh region and is one of the most active area of UFO sightings. The latter argues A. Plaksin, expert of the Ministry of Defence of the Russian Federation and former industry leader ŠETKA of participants of the program. Eighties established a special military commission, with a mission to explore the UFO in this area (size of aircraft that have seen them reported on military posmatraèi varied dimensions of a tennis ball up to 200m long aircraft, a manevrisale have speeds ranging from 0 to 600 kilometers per hour at an altitude of 0-20 km). Jermilov (as claimed by the famous Russian Mikhail investigating paranormal phenomenon that has many Gerštajn ŠETKA documents), in a report dated 26 May 1982nd states that on that day, during the loss of communication with military aircraft MIG-21 which later crashed, the sky primeæen UFOs and above an altitude of 1500 meters.
 Rescue operations launched 27th May. One team of rescuers who had done the young sergeant AA Panjukov A.Ju.Kunjin and ranks, they came upon èistinu Povorino in the woods and saw a mysterious humanoid being. It is not less than 3.5 m high, dressed in a silvery suit with green icing. When the flesh escaped from that place, the Witnesses in the distance behind the trees soon heard an explosion, and then took of the sky luminiscentan facility which has remained slightly lighted trail. Leteæi object then disappeared behind the trees. Komsomolskaja Justice in December 2000. published the text of A. Paul, in which describes the close cooperation of the Russian military and UFO istraživaèa. Among the documents that provide local ufolozima dalekoistoènog District Commander of Air Defense was one in which mention the most interesting case in 1990. Military brigade in the village Timofejevka the alert warning shot, the guards saw two silver creatures in ogrtaèima.
 Were high, about 2.5 m out from a nearby oak grove. As soon as the guard fired a warning shot, &quot;silver&quot; fled back into the forest. The ground was wet from recent rain, so the Russian kontraobaveštajci who soon arrived at the scene discovered large footprints bezobliènih huge &quot;foot&quot;. More &quot;swimmers&quot; B. Borovikov hunted sharks for years at the Black Sea. And then something happened that was ever put Taek on his favorite hobby. Roneæi in the field of Anapa, Borovikov be lowered to a depth of 8 meters. Then he saw how the bottom of his rise to giant creatures. The first creature he saw him and stopped. It had a giant protruding eyes, the similar kind of cloudy glass. Approached the two creatures. First flesh raised his hand with the membranes between the fingers and waved to the diver. Then they all three Borovikovu approached and stopped in front of him. Then they turned and swam away.
 Borovikovo experience was published in 1996. in the book of the twentieth century: chronicle of the inexplicable. D. Pavaljajev is often paraglider sailed over Kavgolova (Leningrad oblast) early 90s years. In this area there are lakes, one of which is a paraglider noticed three giant &quot;fish&quot;. Descended to lower, so even lower, until he clearly saw the &quot;swimmers&quot; in silver suits. This episode is described in his book Leteæi Holandjanin, published 1995th In this area there were many UFO sightings. Zvaniènih no explanation. www.paralelnisvet.com
 