Due to the increase in world population and rapid economic development of countries like India and China, increased demand for raw materials. It follows that the future of recycling, the reuse of materials. Waste is becoming one of the most important sources of raw materials. The trash is salvation Indium is a rare material, and is irreplaceable in the manufacture of televisions, flat panel displays and touch screens. According to the estimate of experts, supplies will deplete India for six to ten years. Inventories of crude oil, which is an important energy source and foundation of the plastics industry, will dry up in about six to seven decades. Natural sources of copper, which is also used for the manufacture of electronic devices, they could disappear for about thirty years. &quot;We must simply understand that the sources of raw materials is limited. It can be seen in the prices of raw materials that accompany the trend. It is however associated with an increase in demand due to rapid economic development of previously underdeveloped countries like India and China.
 Sources of raw materials are limited and therefore secondary raw materials are becoming more interesting, &quot;said Jörg Lacher from the Federal Association for Secondary Raw Materials and waste management. Bildunterschrift: The electronic waste is hiding right bogatstvo.Ponovna little use, and recycling is vital for raw materials low in Germany, which, nevertheless, for many years at the top of the list of world export powers. Given the fewer natural resources of raw materials is quite certain that they will waste in future be the most important resource. This applies not only to Germany, but also to the rest of the world . Giant among Germans garbage for decades in their household waste separated. Although they initially were mocked, the trend of using different colored bags for different types of waste are spread to other, mainly European countries. From the old newspaper we can get white, expensive paper. Biogas is produced from compost, a real treasure lies in electronic equipment.
 Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Remondis is the largest center for recycling in Europe. Remondis the German giant in the management of waste. This is a private owned company located in the Westphalian city Lünen on the river Lippe. They have a number of plants you use to sort the chaos from which they draw waste of valuable raw materials. &quot;This is a bunch of different materials, vacuum cleaners, all types of electronic devices, computers, keyboards, ie materials that consist of various components that are related to one another: plastic, metal, precious metals. The material in the plant usitnjuje so that individual separate components. At the end of this process in the back hall, we can see how some secondary raw materials are collected in containers. These containers go directly to the steel foundry industry, &quot;explained a spokesman Remondisa, Michael Schneider.
 He added that the Remondis largest center for recycling in Europe. 22 tons of gold in the trash Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Annual throw 20-22 tons of gold in the garbage! World demand for specific metals and rare ores as assessed by the experts will triple by 2030. year. Demand for metals such as lithium, indium, tantalum, or germanium is growing due to the development of new technologies (batteries for electric automobiles, optical cables, and other modern technology). This branch of industry is only going to experience a real boom. Waste disposal is becoming one million jobs. Ambitious countries in Asia and Latin America should fervently raw materials, and resources of our country can not meet their needs. The future is therefore in the secondary material. Thus, just as Michael Schneider said, and an inexhaustible source of every cell phone: &quot;In every mobile device is about 23 milligrams of gold.
 This is the average value. On a year around the world produced 1.3 billion mobile phones. However, only ten percent of them end up in recycling facilities. This means that people throw away 20 per year, 22 tons of gold in the garbage. &quot;Author: Monika Lohnmüller / Ana Kontrec Re. Eds.: N. Kreizer
 