The German economy grew in the second quarter of this year by 2.2 percent compared with the first three mjeseca 2010. In the same period last year, the economy has grown by as much as 4.1 percent. That is, as Friday (13.8.) Announced the Federal Statistical Office in Wiesbaden, the largest growth economy in the last 23 years. Exports - the locomotive of the German economy Bildunterschrift: Automotive industry continues to export locomotives latest figures surprised even the biggest optimists, including the traditional and the German government. They are expecting a growth rate of at most 1.3 percent. And the first quarter was not very promising due to the growth compared with the last period of the 2009th collapsed. &quot;Economic growth has returned in full force,&quot; said the statisticians in Wiesbaden. After years of crisis, and the fiercest war recession during which the German economy declined by 4.7 percent, the public and professionals is difficult to believe that the country is slowly pulled out of the crisis.
 The latest figures would dispel these doubts should. The engine of the German economy is still export that breaks all records. This primarily refers to mechanical, chemical and automotive industries. But apart from exports and domestic consumption record was favorable to economic growth. According to the data record statisticians also contributed to the growth and state programs to help the economy. Optimism for the current and next year Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Rainer Brüder optimističanNjemački the Minister of Economy Reiner Brüder optimistic about the overall data for this and next year. &quot;Growth is more than 2 percent of the slowly enters the frame possible,&quot; said the German minister. But the latest data would again be able to arouse disputes with European sudsjedima. Especially France has had objections to the intensified German exports, claiming that it harms residues Europe.
 A leading German economist Michael Bräuninger from the Hamburg Institute for Global Economy (HWWI) argues that the French criticism unfounded. &quot;Germany is not isolated, and while we exported machinery and cars at the same time import consumer goods, primarily from the European Union,&quot; says Bräuninger. In other words, the proliferation of the German economy is benefiting the entire European Union. Author: N. Kreizer (agencies, Tagesschau) Re. ed: Zeljko Telišman
 