U.S. and Brazil in serious disagreements over Iran The U.S. has &quot;very serious disagreements&quot; with Brazil over toward the Iranian nuclear program, said on Thursday The U.S. hold avna Hillary Clinton. U.S. vr ¹ and pressure for the introduction of new UN sanctions against Iran, while Brazil and Turkey are instrumental in reaching an agreement in Tehran on 17th May, under which Iran may replace the approximate one half of its stock niskoobogaæenog uranium (1,200 kg) of nuclear fuel for its researchers ivaèko-medical reactor. &quot;We think that buying time for Iran, Iran omoguæavanje internationally to avoid union with regard to their nuclear program makes the world more dangerous rather than less dangerous,&quot; Clinton said in a speech to the Brookings Institute in Washington. &quot;We have serious disagreements with Brazil about diplomacy toward Iran,&quot; she stressed. Brazilian President Inacio Lula da Silva and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who met Thursday in Brasilia, defended the agreement from Tehran, which is done by them sanctions unnecessary.
 Erdogan told reporters that the critics of agreements on nuclear exchange &quot;jealous&quot; of what it ¹ as Brazil and Turkey are realized. The agreement is identical to that Past year proposed Meðunaordne Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), said Lula. He said the agreement shows that the Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadined ¾ ad ready to negotiate. Brazilian president added that he hoped the IAEA would be &quot;sensitive to the political moment&quot; in the analysis of the agreement. U.S. President Barack Obama &quot;Erdogan said in a telephone interview 19th May that the U.S. will continue to advocate for sanctions against Iran because of &quot;fundamental concerns about Iran&#39;s nuclear program.&quot; Clinton on Thursday said they still add still see Brazil as a partner in solving ¹ avanjem many global challenges, including climate change and help in the reconstruction of Haiti and the building after an earthquake. She also praised the government of President Lula to promote high rates of economic growth, which helps in reducing poverty will ³ population in Brazil.
 MFAEI: Croatia ¹ Consumer condemns attacks on ships Korea Croatian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration announced that the results of the investigation, which confirmed the skills ¹ celebration of the Democratic People&#39;s Republic of Korea in potonuæe ship Cheonan, very zabrinjavajuæi and Croatia ¹ Consumer condemning the attack on the ship. The Ministry states that noted the results of an investigation conducted by the Republic of Korea, together with experts from the United States, Great Britain, Australia, © Sweden and Canada, about the causes of her sinking ship ¾ nokorejskog Cheonan 26th ¾ of March, when 46 sailors were killed. &quot;The results of the investigation, which confirmed the skills ¹ celebration of the Democratic People&#39;s Republic of Korea in Cheonan potonuæe very zabrinjavajuæi and Croatia ¹ Consumer condemns attack on this ship,&quot; said in a statement. Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration believes that this incident may destabilize security in the region. Foreign Ministry is sent to express condolences to the families of sailors killed and her ¾ nokorejskoj government, said in a statement.
 &quot;Gospel&quot; by the CIA and it goes away (or &quot;the gospel according to whose&quot;) ...
 