11.11.2010. / 17:50 By: Hina Croatian officers monitored the implementation of security of nuclear waste Croatian police intervention in Germany from 4 to 9 November followed the planning, organizing and implementing transport security of nuclear waste, but did not participate in the taking of protesters who tried to block the passage of a train of radioactive waste from France to Germany, confirmed on Thursday the Croatian Ministry of Interior (MoI). Croatian policemen guarded the emergency transport of nuclear otpadaHrvatski emergency police in Germany are from 4 to 9 November followed the planning, organizing and implementing transport security of nuclear waste, but did not participate in the taking of protesters who tried to block the passage of a train of radioactive waste from France to Germany, confirmed on Thursday the Croatian Ministry of Interior (MoI).
 Part of French and German media said that in taking protunuklearnih protesters, along with German, French and participate, and possibly Croatian and Polish police. &quot;Croatian police officers followed and watched the action to ensure that they did not participate or provide intervention in these conflicts,&quot; it said in response to the Department of Public Relations of the Ministry of Interior to request Hine. A representative of the Greens in the German parliament, Hans-Christian Stroebele demanded on Thursday an explanation from the German federal government and regional governments of Lower Saxony on the intervention of the police in which environmental activists, as suspected Stroebele, attended by French, Croatian and Polish police. On Sunday, German police went into action to remove protesters who blocked a convoy of radioactive waste in Gorlebena. Berlin lawyer Christoph Mueller has already filed a lawsuit against a French police officer because of &quot;usurpation of the position.&quot;
 The German Interior Ministry said, as the AFP, that the two French police officers participated as observers during the protests that have slowed the passage of convoys to the warehouse in Gorlebenu and that one of them participated in the intervention against the demonstrators who tried to block the convoy &quot; helped the German colleagues. &quot; The operation against environmental activists attended by more than 20,000 police officers, and there was even 50 million euros. The four commanders of emergency units and the Croatian police have been kept since 4 to 9 November in a working visit to the police intervention in the federal state of Lower Saxony, where the track way of planning, organizing and implementing security, according to a police response and in this case were present and watched all the events and had an insight into the mode of intervention, and federal police. Ministry of Interior stated that the basis of bilateral cooperation between the Croatian police intervention and the German Federal Ministry of Interior, which has lasted for 10 years planned a series of contacts, meetings and seminarau for exchange of experiences between their police forces, which are primarily based on improving the riot police and leaders.
 So, among other things, planned the official visit of representatives of the MUP riot police during the implementation of the CASTOR transport security (ensuring transport of nuclear waste), where he was involved a large number of riot police forces from several federal states as well as members of the federal police.
 