Posted in Nacional no. 763, 29/06/2010 Author: Maroje Mihovilović escalation of the Middle East Israel ready to attack Iran to JOINT ACTION U.S. Navy and Israel in which the aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman &#39;with his squadron sailed into the Persian Gulf, according to some estimates is the introduction into the Israeli bombing of Iranian nuclear facilities Israeli AVIATION has already won permission to fly over Saudi Arabia, which will shorten the time to facilitate the bombing IranaAmerički aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman &quot;was with his squadron in recent weeks in the eastern Mediterranean, and some Israeli newspapers have argued that he would stay there for a long time for serious assessment that the situation in the region could intensify, and the Gaza Strip. After the incident last day of May with Turkish humanitarian convoys, which were intercepted by Israeli commandos on the outskirts of Gaza, and thereby in a fight killed nine Turkish humanitarian, is now announcing a new similar humanitarian convoys.
 To all of the target will be to do what the Turkish convoy failed, break Israel&#39;s naval blockade of Gaza, which Israel will seek to prevent. Reportedly preparing a new convoy from Turkey, one from Lebanon, and caused the most attention was the announcement that some Iranian ships might try to break through the blockade of Gaza, and to them it might help and Iranian warships. But a few days ago was released important news that the aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman, &quot;yet left the Eastern Mediterranean, and passed through the Suez in the Red Sea. He was not alone, but with him the same way over and his squadron of 12 ships, the largest squadron of warships in recent years that has passed through the Suez. But what is particularly important in that squadron was also an Israeli ship, which shows that it is a joint action of the two navies. Egypt has announced that the passage of the squadron allowed under the International Convention on the Suez Canal, which provides that the channel must be free for the passage of all warships.
 Opened up the question why the U.S. aircraft carrier with supporting ships passed through the Suez and headed towards the south. According to one theory goes squadron in the Persian Gulf, in whose vicinity is already an American aircraft carrier USS &quot;Dwight D. Eisenhower,&quot; because it expects a significant escalation of tension because Iran does not comply with UN Security Council resolution and that he is required to stop making atomic bombs. Everything is more an indication to stop the Iranian nuclear program could start by military means, but all the louder speculation that the operation of destroying Iranian nuclear facilities could do, and Israeli aircraft. The presence of an Israeli warship, accompanied by U.S. aircraft carriers becomes particularly revealing when it connects to other information that have surfaced in recent days in the world press. The London newspaper The Times published on Saturday 12th
 July exclusive to the information that has come in American military circles, and concerns a possible Israeli attack aircraft to Iran&#39;s nuclear facilities, which is - apparently - in an advanced stage of preparation. According to The Times claims Israel has reached an agreement with Saudi Arabia on his plane flying over Saudi territory, if they go in the attack. Saudi Arabia has reportedly approved the Israeli planes entering its airspace in a northern border area, and will, if Israel launches an attack, Saudi Arabia off their radar and anti-aircraft missile systems, and his fighter to leave the country until the attack stops. This agreement will significantly facilitate the Israelis to carry out an air attack because they will not have to circumnavigate the Saudi territory, which would greatly extended trip by plane, but who will also be on the verge of their final haul, even with air refueling.
 Blockade of Gaza has resulted in conflict between the Israeli commandos and activists on ships that were penetrated blokaduIZRAEL very seriously prepare for such an attack in the first place because in Israel believe that UN sanctions did not go far enough because it still did not affect Iran&#39;s oil production and exports and gas, only it would be sanctions that would be difficult to hit Iran and could affect the change in its policy. After all, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for new UN sanctions, said it was &quot;consumed tissues that are thrown into the Recycle Bin.&quot; General estimates that the current pace of work on its nuclear program, Iran could develop an atomic bomb by year&#39;s end. Israel has repeatedly announced that he would not allow it. According to The Times, the temptation will be four key Iranian nuclear facilities. These are two plants for uranium enrichment in Natanz and Qomu, one plant in Isfahan, and the heavy water reactor in Arak.
 It is possible that Israel may attack and the Bushehr reactor, which is under construction and will be able to produce enriched plutonium when it is finished. It is about the objectives of Israel&#39;s far more than 2200 kilometers, much farther than previously performed long-range bombarderskih Israeli attacks in other countries, those once on the Iraqi reactor near Baghdad and the recent nuclear reactor construction site in northeast Syria. It is assumed that the attacks on targets in Iran will be conducted in waves, and that all the Israeli planes would not go the same route at the same time. In addition, it is believed that the attack backed by Israeli navies. TO THE ISRAELI PLANES reach their goals, they will have to fly over several Arab countries, it is assumed that fly through the airspace of Jordan and Iraq. It seems that with Jordan, but agreed that local authorities tacitly allowed the flight, and when it comes to Iraq, it is expected that this will enable the U.S. military command, which still controls the entire Iraqi air space, although the U.S. military is already very strongly entails from that country.
 It is possible that some planes will fly over Kuwait when they launch an attack on the reactor in Bushehr. But Israeli military planners warned that their whole business was much easier to perform if at least one branch bombarderskog attack could go through Saudi airspace. About this variant has already been speculation in the Israeli press, which last year claimed that former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert about the possibility of secret talks with some senior representatives of the Saudi regime and supposedly the head of the Israeli secret service Mossad talked about it with the head of the Saudi secret service. Apparently in this mediating role was played by and American diplomats. All, of course, deny that any such agreements exist, but The Times claims that they are achieved, because the fear in this whole area - even in Arab countries - from Iran&#39;s growing nuclear bombs. For Saudi Arabia, Iran becomes the highest possible threat, because if he would become a nuclear power, it could significantly change the balance of power in the Persian Gulf.
 Saudi Arabia may wish to respond only in two ways, or itself begins to build nuclear weapons or to help in destroying Iranian nuclear facilities and also assist in efforts to prevent Iran to obtain an atomic bomb, and that means support Israel if he would do. This attitude is not only Saudi Arabia but also the local governments of other Arab countries - Jordan, Iraq, and the small oil-rich Persian Gulf monarchies along - that all the colors of Iran&#39;s strengthening. U.S. government does not want to publicly support the Israeli military plan, but she is working on that, if an attack occurs, it is delivered efficiently as possible, and certainly tried to convince his Arab friends to be cooperative. The American side in recent days working intensively on improving relations between Turkey and Israel, disrupted after a bloody incident when Israeli commandos stopped a Turkish aid convoy to Gaza.
 It is clear that the Israeli government in connection with an investigation of this incident is making significant concessions to international demands, largely because that would be abated and the general public in Turkey, which could have a role in this whole situation, if the Israeli attack on Iranian nuclear facilities there. Arab governments of the region fear that the Israeli attack does not grow into a bigger war in the Middle East, so expect the U.S. to its military forces to be ready to maximum to prevent any Iranian retaliation after the attack. To the Israeli attack failed, it will take a lot of international military and intelligence cooperation, which is now silent in public but behind the scenes working hard. When it comes to preparing for Israeli attack on Iran, is also interesting information published by the London-based weekly newspaper The Sunday Times last day of May, that Israel and its stacionira submarines armed with missiles, including those with nuclear warheads in the Persian Gulf as a direct warning to Iran what Israel is all ready, if Iran becomes a dangerous threat to Israel.
 Deployment of Israeli submarines in the Persian Gulf is not only linked with the Iranian military nuclear program, but is a more immediate and eminent threat. It is the intelligence evidence that Israel is that Iran has supplied the Lebanese Hizballah organization šijitskoj modern surface-to-surface missile, which could be attacked Israeli airfields and missile polygons. Israel says Iran: If the Iranian missiles to Hezbollah attacks Israeli airfields and other targets, Israel will use their missiles from its submarines immediately attack targets in Iran. ISRAELI class submarines &quot;Delfin&quot; are reportedly ready in the Persian Gulf and armed with nuclear warheads glavamaINFORMACIJA on the deployment of Israeli submarines in the Persian Gulf has caused a lot of attention. Moreover, it is expressly stated that Israel will strive to always at least one of its submarines to be &quot;on guard&quot; in the Persian Gulf ready for action if necessary.
 Israel and the submarine apparently intends to use as a strategic threat, in the same way that American and Russian Navy used its strategic nuclear submarine for decades. They silently sail the oceans, and it is impossible to locate and destroy, so they give the other side know that they will be able to attack and destroy it if she tries to make the first nuclear missile attack. Similar purpose, and now have Israeli submarines to Iran. Israel indeed has nuclear-powered submarines as the U.S. and Russia, but his submarine on diesel fuel, but can serve the same purpose. This is a relatively modern submarines that Israel got in an unusual way. Nineties, Germany has a lot of intense economic and technological co-operated with Saddam Hussein&#39;s Iraq, and found herself under suspicion and that some of its companies had an indirect stake in the former Iraqi production of weapons of mass destruction.
 Especially those accusations came from Israel, with which Germany has for decades in the excellent relations and with whom significant works in the military sphere. To make a significant gesture toward Israel, which is due to Iraq&#39;s efforts to make weapons of mass destruction, felt threatened by the government of the then German Chancellor Helmut Kohl has offered compensation to military equipment, so it is offered for free to Israel two submarines. Germany has a vast experience in the construction of submarines, which was evident during the First and Second World War when the German shipyards built hundreds of submarines. And now the German Navy has in its composition ten o&#39;clock submarines. But the German shipyards building submarines and for export, so the last sixty years built submarines for export, and they are now, among other things, and as part of the Brazilian, Chilean, Portuguese, Indian, South Korean and South African Navy.
 The Israeli government has accepted the offer Kohlovu and a shipyard in the German city of Kiel for free by the Israeli Navy Israeli specifications built two submarines, and another that Israel bought at preferential prices. The first submarine, named &quot;Dolphin&quot;, delivered in 1998. The second &quot;Leviathan&quot; in 1999. The third &quot;Tekumah&quot; 2000th year. SUBMARINE TYPE &quot;Dolphin&quot; with 1900 tons, and they have 50 crew members, and were armed with 10 torpedo tubes that could serve to launch cruise missiles, some of Israel product itself. Submarines can individually navigate without returning to base 50 days and can be kept under water for seven days. In the beginning they were stationed at the Israeli naval base in Haifa, and operated in the Mediterranean. But in the summer of 2009. Command of the Israeli Navy for the first time that one of these submarines passed the Suez Canal, sailed into the Red Sea and began to operate there, using as its base the Israeli port of Eilat in the Gulf Akabskom.
 It has not been any other official information on the deployment of submarines, but from the writings of the press could be concluded that all three submarines moved from the Mediterranean to the Red Sea, but not to stay there permanently. Israel is one at a time - so it is claimed in the press - has sent a test cruise much further, in the Persian Gulf off the coast of Iran, in order to check whether they operate so far from Israel. According to The Sunday Times claims that trials are successfully completed and has now decided to test cruise in the Persian Gulf into a constant presence of at least one Israeli submarine off the coast of Iran. Military experts say there is one important reason why Israel decided on it. It was initially plans to the Israeli strategic missile submarine operated by the threat of retaliation from the Mediterranean, the submarines are stationed in front of the Lebanese and Syrian coast, and from there, medium-range missiles to threaten Iran.
 But this could only be a partial threat, because the Israeli cruise missiles do not have sufficient range that could cover the Iranian territory, possibly could have thrown to the western borders of Iran. Israel has the U.S. sought the most modern American Tomahawk cruise missiles to put them on the submarine, and they could reach virtually any point in Israel. No U.S. administration has refused to deliver the missiles to Israel. Therefore, Israel should move its submarines closer to Iran, and included the realization of the second plan, the deployment of Israeli submarines in the Persian Gulf. It seems that Israel at that strategy into account the long term. It could be concluded on the basis of information from the beginning of this year, the Israeli government contracted to purchase two more German submarines, which would be more modern than the existing ones, which will be delivered 2012th These days, it appeared that the negotiations on the sixth submarine.
 The Iranian side, of course, aware of Israel&#39;s actions and is one of the representatives of the Iranian Navy announced that Iran was ready to oppose this threat adequately. No current departure of the aircraft carrier USS Harry S. Truman in the Persian Gulf area, where it already has one aircraft carrier, it is very significant because it shows that Americans expect there significant complications. The fact that accompanying him to an Israeli ship says that in these complications may be very important to the US-Israeli coordination that is closer and more efficient. Collusion with the Arab countries - claims in the western press - also show that perhaps preparing something large. The future will show whether the media speculation is correct.
 