Cycle lanes Music Season 2010/2011. 1st Concert: Señor Joaquín and other stories, Tuesday, the 5th October 2010. 2nd Concert: Tamburitzza, Tuesday, the 7th December 2010. 3rd Concert: Night in Paris, Tuesday, the 15th March 2011. 4th Concert: At the edge of the classics, Thursday 12th May 2011. Small Hall Lisinski in Zagreb, at 20 h Performers: Ensemble Con Fusi &amp; friends Sponsor: City of Zagreb, Department of Education, Culture and Sport Sponsors: Triglav Insurance Company Studiorama - design studio Media sponsor: www.kamo.hr first Concert: Señor Joaquín and other stories Lisinski Small Hall, Zagreb, Croatia - Tuesday, the 5th October 2010. in 20 hours Ensemble Con Fusi &amp; Tomislav Ribièiæ, guitar special gošæa: Edina Plièaniæ, ballerina Program: Giuseppe Tartini: Sinfonia pastorale, for piano quintet Luigi Boccherini: Quintet No.1 in D major for string quartet and guitar, G 445 Antonio Vivaldi Concerto in D major, for string quartet and guitar Dámaso Zabalza: Aritzari, for piano quintet Manuel Fernandez Caballero: El Señor Joaquín for Piano Quintet RIBIÈIÆ Tomislav (Zagreb, 1976.) graduated from the Music Academy in Zagreb in the class Darko Petrinjak , a master&#39;s degree and doctorate at the Hochschule für Musik in Augsburg, Leopold Mozart with Franz Halasz.
 He has held numerous solo and in collaboration with internationally renowned musicians and many chamber concerts. He has performed throughout Croatian: the Musical Evenings in St. Donat, OsjeËko cultural awakening, cultural summer Split, Vukovar Chamber Music Festival, and abroad: Slovenia, Austria, Germany, Holland, Belgium and Italy. Guitar Quartet is a member of the world&#39;s leading lutenist Edin Karamazov, and guitarist Darko Pelužanom and Srdan Berdoviæem. Since 2006. proèelnik the Department of guitar and strings, and a professor at the School of Music bulkhead. Edina PLIÈANIÆ was born in 1977. in Zagreb, where he finished high school and high school for classical ballet. Champion is the National Ballet of Zagreb whose member since 1994. year. To realized the role won numerous awards: Award Ana Roje for roles in ballets Heaven Lake, Coppelia, who has extinguished the light, Four Seasons, and for roles in opera productions Hovanšèina and Aida, 2001.
 year, the Croatian Theatre Award for outstanding achievement by a young artist 28 years for role of Juliet in the ballet Romeo and Juliet, 2003. year, the Croatian Theatre Award for outstanding achievement by a young artist 28 years in the role of Odette / Odile in the ballet of Heaven Lake, 2005, the Croatian Theatre Award for best actress in the ballet - the role of Aurora in The Sleeping Beauty by Derek Deane, 2007. Ana Roje Award for the role of Marguerite Gauthier in the ballet The Lady of the Camellias by Alexandre Dumas fils-Carla Davis Derek Deane, 2010. 2nd Concert: Tamburitzza Lisinski Small Hall, Zagreb, Croatia - Tuesday, the 7th December 2010. in 20 hours Iva Ljubièiæ Duo, piano and George Slipac, bisernica Tambura Ensemble Quartet Corona St. Program Mark: A. Cigankov, N. Rota, K. Barron, V. Cosma, J. Bock, E. Morricone, C. Corea, Iva B. Benini Ljubièiæ and Juraj Slipac Eine unique duo of its kind in Croatia, and perhaps beyond.
 An uncommon blend of piano and tambourine pearl is already at the first joint appearance 2002nd The &#39;infected&#39; two young musicians. Njegujuæi musicality two seemingly incompatible instruments were realized by a series of successful appearances in Križevcima, Makarska, together with the soprano Ksenija Sanjkoviæ performed on tour in the Swiss cities of Bern, Lucerne and Thun. Iva and George in recent years collaborated with numerous artists, among others, Ivanka Boljkovac prima donna, but with a lot of young musicians who are just seeking their own paths of glory. Corona Quartet was founded in 2008. as a duo expanded Æulibrka Peter (piano) and Philip Novosel (Brac), students Zagreb Academy of Music. James joins them on Gabaj berdo and Robert Nikolic to Bulgaria. Quartet cultivates film, gypsy and jazz music. His first appearance had been in Vinkovci on the 10th Tambura memorial Hrvoje Majiæa. What makes this quartet is unusual and interesting primarily by their composition Eine brothers, Bulgaria and berda - tambura instruments in combination with the piano.
 But apart from this circuit neobiènog piano and tambourine, one of the essential characteristics of this quartet are exquisitely designed and arrangements which work Æulibrk and Peter Filip Novosel. The quartet is 8 November 2009. held his first solo concert in the hall music school in Slavonski Brod. A recording of the concert served as material for their first CD titled Live in Slavonski Brod, which was recently released in izdavaèkoj Menart home. Tambura Ensemble Sv. Marko was founded in September 2005. year. Members of the ensemble are current and former band drum sviraèi Chamber Music School Štriga Alberta, students Zagreb Academy of Music, students of other faculties at the University of Zagreb, and instrumentalists on the tambura music, and other professions. Matt Fortuna founded this ensemble with the idea of promoting a tambourine solo and orchestral instrument in the field of classical music. The first performance of the ensemble is then unnamed, was in December 2005.
 year at a competition in Božiænom making music - Twisted Carols, organized by SC - A, where they won second prize. Performed and 2006. The concert in the cycle Virtuoso, posveæenog Croatian composers. Their most significant achievement so far are two cjeloveèernja last year&#39;s concert was held in Zagreb and Križevcima just within musical tracks. At these concerts the ensemble is presented in a large part of almost thirty izvoðaèa and several of its prominent virtuoso soloists. 3rd Concert: Night in Paris Lisinski Small Hall, Zagreb, Croatia - Tuesday, the 15th March 2011. in 20 hours Ensemble Con Fusi &amp; Vedrana Zrniæ, soprano Special guest: George Grub, The Actor: Gabriel Fauré: Piano Quintet in D minor op.89 Ernest Chausson: Chanson perpétuelle (for soprano and piano quintet) Joseph Kosma: Uglazbljeni lyrics by Jacques Prevert (for soprano, piano and actor), Yann Tiersen / Mia Pap: Music from the movie Amelie (arrangement for chamber ensemble) Vedrana Zrniæ student&#39;s final year of solo singing at the Music Academy in Zagreb in the class.
 Vlatka Oršaniæ. Since 1995. The member and soloist of the Joint pjevaèkog Association INA. For five years she sang in a gang Cesarice. With both the ensemble gave numerous performances at home and abroad (Slovenia, Austria, Italy, France, Hungary, Češka, Slovakia, Poland, Canada, etc.), among which a number of solo, and often in collaboration with amateur and professional instrumental ensembles. Collaborated with the Croatian Chamber Orchestra and the Zagreb Philharmonic. With all these ensembles, recorded several CDs. Over the past five years in collaboration with baritone Bojan Pogrmiloviæem and pianist Lana Bradiæ developed a series of concerts held a variety of programs at home and abroad. Collaborated with the conductor Mladen Tarbuk: song cycle performed by R. Wagner &quot;Wesendonck Lieder&quot; as well as the second lady in the opera &quot;magical Flute&quot; WA Mozart. She attended the seminars of renowned professor of singing: Marvin Keenze, Gerhard Zeller, Norma Enns, Ank Reinders.
 She is an associate of the Association of Croatian Radio and Television. George Grub was born in Belgrade 1973rd Elementary and secondary school and first year ended up acting in his hometown. 1993. studied acting at the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Zagreb in the class. Neve Rošiæ. In 1995. in GDK Gavella plays Pier in &quot;Uncle Maroje&quot;, directed by K. Dolenèiæa and from October the same year he became Fellow of the theater. In May, 1997. take part in the play &quot;The Misanthrope&quot; JB Mollier, directed by P. Veèeka, igrajuæi role Marquis Clitandrea. Followed by &quot;Winter story&quot; W. Shakespeare, directed by D. Farr, &quot;From morning till midnight,&quot; Kaiser, directed by B. Baletiæa, &quot;Culture in the suburb of&quot; Robert Perišiæa, directed by M. Zivkovic and workshop stage speech Dubravka Obad &quot;talk trees &quot;. The GDK Gavella participates monodrama M. Krleže &quot;The Croatian God Mars&quot; with whom he graduated from the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Zagreb with prof. Zlatko Crnkoviæa.
 Next &quot;Measles&quot; I Vidiæa, directed by K. Dolenèiæa and &quot;Zoo story&quot; E. Alby, directed by S. Brankova. He has appeared in the Summer Games in &quot;Uncle Maroje M. Držiæa, directed by I. Kunèeviæa; in Theatre in the play Ulysses S. Weiss&quot; Marat Sade &quot;, directed by L. Udovicki and the National Theatre in Osijek in&quot; attacks on its Life &quot;, directed by N. Delmestre. 4th Concert: At the edge of the classics Lisinski Small Hall, Zagreb - Thursday 12th May 2011. in 20 hours Ensemble Con Fusi &amp; John Šverko, accordion Program: Enrique Granados: Piano Quintet in G major Ástor Piazzolla: Angel Suite, for chamber ensemble Ivan Šverko (Pula, 1985.) is one of the most successful young Croatian accordion. Began to study the accordion at the age of nine years in the School of Music John Matetiæa Ronjgova in Pula. He graduated in 2009. on your network of Pula (class mr. art. Borut Zagoranski), and this year was admitted to the Sibelius Academy in Finland where he will begin graduate studies.
 From the eleventh year goes on national and international competitions and achieved outstanding results, high marks from professional judges and audience. Elected representatives of the Croatian World Trophy at the prestigious accordion six times in a row - each time was a finalist and four times finished second (2004. Spain, 2005. France, 2006. Srbija, 2007. Russia). Among other awards, insists the first place in one of the largest international classical accordion competitions Premio e Concorso &quot;Citta di Castelfidardo&quot; in the solo category above eighteen years where he scored the largest number of points regardless of category. Already since the early years of actively giving concerts as a soloist and as a successful member of various chamber ensembles. He has performed in many Croatian towns and abroad (Slovenia, Serbia, Macedonia, Italy, France, Spain, Germany, Hungary, Slovakia, Norway, Russia, USA ...) His repertoire is wide and obuhvaæa music of various styles and periods, from Baroque transcriptions to the original literature.
 