Countries that are usually counted in the Western world (marked blue) areas of Europe, which belong to Western civilization, according to Samuel Huntigtonu Western world short West or, more rarely, the Occident (the Occidens, the Latin word for west) is a term that, depending on the historical, political , cultural or other context, may have different meanings, but which, in its broadest sense means the state and culture to a greater or lesser extent, in many ways its origin can be found in Western Europe in the early Middle Ages. For the cultural achievements of the Western world to use the term Western culture or Western civilization. A consensus among historians that the West has its roots can be found in the civilizations of ancient Greece and ancient Rome are in Antiquity able to absorb all or parts of the ancient Near East, and expand into areas of Central and Western Europe. Western civilization in the modern sense, according to most interpretations, began to clearly fit into only with the division of the Roman Empire in western and eastern parts.
 In the western part of the Empire, which is already the dominant religion is Christianity imposed, there is a so-called. Western Christianity, which will be after the fall of the Empire in the Middle Ages in the form of Catholicism spread to the north and become one of the foundations of Western culture. The Western world was during this period was limited to areas of Europe and its civilization is lagging behind compared to non-western. However, at the turn of the 15th the 16 life thanks to the Renaissance and the Reformation there was a sudden flowering of science, culture and technology that are reflected in the so-called. Commercial, scientific and industrial revolution, while the Age of Discovery expedition allow western countries to create colonies in other parts of the world, so the European territory of the Western world, consider the Americas, South Africa, Australia and New Zealand. Since the mid-20th century under the Western world and include some of the cultural meaning of &quot;non-Western&quot; countries such as Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Singapore, primarily because of political attachment to the leading Western states and the nominal commitment to &quot;Western&quot; values such as democracy and free markets.
 [Edit - edit] Different meanings and evolution of the term Historical Development of the term &quot;West&quot; is relatively difficult to track, given that it is in its present sense began to emerge relatively late in the 19th and 20 Ages. The first culture that has, so to speak, is considered the western ancient Greece. It is through colonization and trade and thus created contacts with various nations developed more or less sharp division between the people and villages that were said in Greek, as well as those who did not, for which the term &quot;barbarians&quot;. The Greeks themselves never used the term &quot;West&quot; and &quot;East&quot;, with respect to the &quot;barbarians&quot; were on different sides of the world. One of the key events that contributed to this process were the Greco-Persian wars, who have pointed out differences not only in terms of language and culture, but also a political organization and military tactics. These circumstances have led to the development of specific art and literature, but most of all, and philosophy that will become one of the foundations of Western thought.
 [Edit - edit] See also [edit - edit] References Retrieved from &quot;http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zapadni_svijet Categories: Cultural spheres | Eurocentrism
 