Two flashes in the first half were enough to break Barcelona Bayern Munich and win with 4-0 in the first četvrtfinalnoj League football match ... Barça began as in a trance, and is already in the 12th minutes led 2-0. The second hurricane to Bayern Munich goalkeeper Butte went to the finals of the first half, when he hosted in the space of just six minutes scored two goals and a new time was Catalan story on Wednesday completed. In the first 45 minutes of Barcelona&#39;s football in all elements of it completely NADIGRALA Bayern who seemed ridiculous on the lawn. Short and quick passing game are the players of Barcelona totally confused visitors who could only pray that during this period they receive less hits. The truth is that the guests lacked three important defensive player (Lucio, Van Buyten and Lahm), but in the first 45 minutes is probably nobody in the world would not stop glowing Argentine Leo Messi. Everything is dangerous to create just the right Messi Barcelona attack.
 The first two goals were the work of Messi and Eto&#39;o, with the proviso that when Cameron first assistant, and Argentina scored in the second scenario was reversed. After 2-0, in 17 Lell set the minute before Messi&#39;s feet in his penalty area, but the referee between the penalty and Messi&#39;s yellow card for the simulation chose the latter, as it completely iznervirao domestic audience, and especially their coach Josep Guardiola, which is due to the violent reaction got - a red card. However, this did not stop local players who have five or six minutes had a new 100-percent chance. In 38th minute, Thierry Henry great pass on the left side, and put Bayern in front of the door, and the ball was two feet from the door Messi picked up the third goal for Barca, and his eighth in the Champions League (in nine games), which currently makes him the best scorer League. To end the first part furioznog made sure that Henry is a nice ball into the net placed Bayern Munich, after the new great action Messi (pushing and got elbow to the head of Van Bommeli).
 Below is watered down game, so she came to Bayern air. The best chance he had Ze Roberto at 71 minutes in front of you at the last minute reacted Carles Puyol and thus prevented the goal of guests. On the other side of the Spaniards to raise the score, but Messi, Iniesta and others were less accurate than the first part. With the 5-2 defeat of Ajax, this was the worst defeat Bavarians in the history of the Champions League. Barcelona is within 90 minutes sent to as many as 19 shots by Butt, of which 7 in the door frame. Posted by bucoh at 23:41, 1 komentar (a), print, #
 