News from the French camp suggested that the menu is hidden Raymond Domenech in a mouse hole and allowed a total toy Raspašoj in svlačonici, so it is logical to expect a nihilistic mood France. However, the start was different ... The French entered the match well and already beginning to have missed a good opportunity. Gourcuff is a good ball podvalio natrčalom Gignac otprve who beat the goalkeeper but the ball refused to Josephs. In the 12th The French are lukewarm minute penalty sought referring to the game host&#39;s hand in the penalty area, after which they continued to control play and keep the ball in his possession. It seemed that France would play an active crown hit, but then it happened a surprise when the first serious attack of the host&#39;s trip. In the 20th minute after a corner kick Khumalo has jumped the sky, the other under his knees was a complete French defense and goalkeeper Lloris, which is poorly estimated flight of the ball.
 Home-stopper in the air and bowed their heads aside the ball into the net. The next air battle was disastrous for the French game because on this occasion (26 minutes) Gourcuff carelessly hit my elbow in the face of rival players. The judge him without hesitation, showed the way to the locker room. Domenech demoralized team soon matt for the second time. It happened in the 37th minute after a long campaign and Parker ubačaja from the left flank. The attacker sneaked Clichyjevoj Mphela is accompanied with practical and goal-line pushed the ball into the net. The stadium was boiled because the other games coming news about the leadership of Uruguay. JAR is theoretically been in the game, but France still has not consented to her game fall apart at the seams. The nearest third goal was to host the 57th minute when Mphela tried a shot from distance, but Lloris read his intention. The game is then diluted, in the 70th minute, the French seized the host hope that the sensation comes and JAR insurmountable in the next round.
 Then, in fact, Malouda goal crowned a lovely action and add Ribery to 1-2. By the end we saw a few attractive playful attempts Tshabalala, but nothing significant has changed. Representations of Africa and France are the first two teams that will bid farewell to the World Cup ... Parreira this menu, there were six World Cup which led to a team. Against France with a host of festivals of enrolled first victory, not counting the ones he made as a menu of your Brazil. - I am happy that I did for this country, which has supported me. Do you mean when you say that people are proud of your work. Although we have not entered the next round, we have achieved great success. South African team did a lot for me during these seven months, in this my second term. We thank you for that, I&#39;m happy for them - said in an emotional speech by experienced Brazilian expert.
 Parreira was in November last year, the second time in a short period of time sat on the bench of South Africa. - At this time we are 15 games entered only one defeat. If anything because I have a right to be proud of, then it is due to the fact that I breathed this teams identity. Now the players must turn to the next African Nations Cup, and then qualifying for the next World Cup in my Brazil. I told the players to make them happy to lead the next Mundijal. I will wait for them! - Said Parreira. Kirsten Nematandani, president of South African Football Association, announced that Parreirin successor to be appointed before the end of this World Cup ... World Cup, 3 Round, Group A: Uruguay - Mexico 1-0 (Suarez 43) South Africa - France 2-1 (Khumalo 20, Mphela 37 / Malouda 70) Sequence: 1 Uruguay 7 points (goal difference 4-0), 2 Mexico 4 (3-2), 3 JAR 4 (3-5), 4
 France 1 (1-4) Number of recommendations: 0 Post on Facebook COMMENTS
 