02.09.2010. / 17:52 By: Hina new round of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations, the world welcomes this &#39;attempt&#39; Clinton at the State Department welcomed the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. In the introductory speech mentioned the &quot;suspicion and skepticism,&quot; which goes along with these negotiations, as well as past failures Hillary Clinton, Mahmoud Abbas, Benjamin Netanyahu; PHOTO: ReutersAmerička Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Thursday opened the first direct between Israelis and Palestinians in nearly two years and so has re-launched an international effort to achieve solution of the Middle East problem, the agency reported. Clinton is in the State Department welcomed the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. In the introductory speech mentioned the &quot;suspicion and skepticism,&quot; which goes along with these negotiations, as well as past failures. &quot;But being here today each of you has made an important step toward freeing his people from the shackles of history you can not change, and headed toward a future of peace and dignity that only you can create,&quot; she said.
 Netanyahu said he was confident that the security needs of his country and the Palestinian desire for the realization of statehood can be reconciled, according to dpa. &quot;I am absolutely aware of and respect the desire of your people for sovereignty,&quot; said Netanyahu. &quot;I am convinced that it is possible to reconcile this desire with the Israeli need for security.&quot; He added that both sides will have to make &quot;painful concessions&quot; and that other recognized right to exist, whether they want to achieve a permanent solution. &quot;The true peace, lasting peace can be achieved only by bilateral and painful concessions on both sides.&quot; Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas called on Israel to stop Jewish settlement and to repeal the embargo in Gaza that Hamas controls the movement. &quot;We urge the Israeli government to accept the settlement and termination of the obligation to fully lift the embargo in the Gaza Strip,&quot; Abbas said at the beginning of the first direct Palestinian-Israeli negotiations with American mediation, according to Reuters.
 U.S. President Barack Obama on Wednesday held separate meetings with Netanyahu and Abbas to encourage them to tackle as soon as the major problems that must be overcome to achieve a lasting peace. Exception Hamas terrorist attacks should not overshadow the direct talks Israel and the Palestinians, said on Thursday UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, a renewal of dialogue welcomed the European Union, Russia and the Catholic Church, while the exception is the Palestinian movement Hamas, which announces the continuation protuizraelskog resistance. Since the talks broke in late 2008., Israelis and Palestinians in Washington on Thursday renewed a direct dialogue under the auspices of President Obama. &quot;I know it will not be an easy process,&quot; said Ban Ki-moon in Vienna, but he expressed &quot;encouragement and joy&quot; because of the renewal of negotiations that began after the bloody attacks that protuizraelskih in 24 hours brought the Palestinian movement Hamas, four killed and two people wounded.
 &quot;We have already seen many such attempts very cynical group you really want to turn the peace process,&quot; Ban said in Vienna where he opened the International Academy against corruption, reports AFP. Before the Middle East is a historic opportunity to bring peace to the region, &quot;said the London foreign ministers of Great Britain, William Hague and Germany Guido Westerwelle, reports Reuters. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov expressed Moscow&#39;s support for the negotiations which he said that&quot; to hope, &quot;even if they do not yields success.&quot; EU High Representative for Foreign Policy Catherine Ashton has called on Middle East negotiators to &quot;persevere through difficult times,&quot; all sides &quot;to avoid provocative actions that could diminish the success of the negotiations&quot; , reports dpa. &quot;I hope that the negotiations will end the year,&quot; said Ashton aiming for a deadline which was set up Middle East peace quartet in which more than two parties and the EU, U.S., Russia and the United Nations.
 Pope Benedict XVI, who had just received on Thursday, Israeli President Shimon Peres expressed hope that negotiations will &quot;help achieve an agreement that respects the legitimate aspirations of both peoples,&quot; and would &quot;bring a stable peace in the Holy Land and the entire region.&quot;
 