&quot;D ¾ EPN Venus&quot; Kylie Minogue once again returned to the scene with new album, Aphrodite, in which already offers a new standard collection of disco songs fast pace that it has made a long time already recognizable in the music world. However, qualitatively Aprodite lags behind the previous album ¹ him, despite the perfectly timed and observed ¾ particular singles All The Lovers, which may be considered one of the candidates for the best song on the panel, which also features ingenious prateæim video. Closer offers emotional depth, which for a moment in the chorus unintentionally reminiscent of the namesake song of Travis. Expectations were fulfilled in the songs Get Outta My Way to Put Your Hands Up (If You Feel Love), while the observer ¹ forth can be considered the same name Aphrodite, who just before the end gets a much-Required take-off and Everything Is Beautiful, which acts as a fill empty seats on the album . An obvious lack of inspiration in the second half of the album is present in songs such mail to the boy Cupid, a solid, but nedoraðenoj polubaladi, and Illusion, whose potential has not been fully exploited ¹ complexion.
 Kylie is not brave ¾ ila to any experimentation, it shows ¹ Too Much, which acts as the residual from the album Fever. (Click on photo to uveæani view) Looking For An Angel shows that the album should odluèniji producer access and a better arrangement you man, what other things are not stressed or Xenomania, who created the miracle of the last studio album Pet Shop Boys&#39; Yes, but whose involvement ¾ man finished and the bonus songs that are not in the standard edition of the album. Aphrodite is the status quo album Kylie, a step forward or step back, sort of his musical beginnings, which will be commercially to meet the needs of publishers, but insists somewhat ¹ painful fact that they will Kylie in the future need help about placing their songs in a welcoming and affirmative whole. But, like, most popular Australian fans will not remain disappointed. All The Lovers - Spot ID card album Izvoðaè Kylie Minogue Name album Aphrodite Publisher Parlaphone Produced by Kish Mauve, Cutfather, Peter Wallevik, Daniel Davidsen, Lucas Secon, Damon Sharpe, Starsmith, Fraser T.
 Smith, Nerina Pallot, Andy Chatterley, Calvin Harris, Sebastian Ingrosso, Magnus Lidehall, Pascal Gabriel, Borge Fjordheim and Xenomania Done or producer Stuart Price Release 30th Timeline 06th 2010th (Japan) 02 07th 2010th (Australia, Germany, Netherlands, © Switzerland, Austria and Spain ©) 05 07th 2010th (Mexico, Brazil, France and Denmark) 06 07th 2010th (U.S. and Canada) Recorded 2009th - 2010. Special Note Standard edition with one disc of songs List of the 1st All the Lovers the 2nd Get Outta My Way the 3rd Put Your Hands Up (If You Feel Love) 04 Closer 05th Everything Is Beautiful 06th Aphrodite 07th 08th Illusion Better than Today 09th Too Much 10th Cupid Boy 11th Looking for an Angel 12th Can not Beat The Feeling Links Kylie.com Myspace.com / kylieminogue Facebook.com / kylieminogue Twitter.com / kylieminogue Last.fm / music / Kylie + Minogue Hr.wikipedia.org / wiki / Kylie_Minogue En.wikipedia.org / wiki / Kylie_Minogue Other Photos (Click on each photo to view uveæani) Add this article to you or any of these other ¹ s social network and Related articles Comments (4) Comment
 