Senzen (Shamchun or Sham Chun, according to historical documents) is a town in the southern province of Guangdong in the southern part of the People&#39;s Republic of China. Bordered with a special administrative area of Hong Kong, (SAZ), which is from 1997. part of China. Contents [edit] Geography Below - &quot;Shenzhen&quot;, located in the southern central part of the peninsula Kawloon in Guandong province, 160 km from the capital city Guangzhou province in the Pearl River Delta, (Pearl River). Watered Ya Tai in the east while his firth Zhjijang borders to the west. South it connects with the Hong Kong when it is separated by Shenzhen River. 200 km south-east is the city of Zhuhai, which is well-known local tourist center and 30 km south is the center of Hong Kong (Xianggang). Located at the foot of coastal mountains to the north, while to the south along the coast, surrounded by sea and the sandy coast 230 km in length. Local soil is rich in minerals and plenty of water.
 There are Buji River, Dasha, Guanlan, Pingdom, Zhujiang, Shenzhen and some of the lakes near the Xili, Xiangmi, Yi. Naturally, there are many springs and waterfalls. There has been a source of thermal spas Shinyan Lake, (Yulu), water temperature 67.3 ° C. in the provincial town Shinyan. The City has two ports. City Airport - West lies east of the delta, 37 km from Hong Kong and 110 km from Guangdzoua by nature has a deep draft, a lot of dams to facilitate safe access and the Perl River connects the city with many cities within the estuary. City Airport - East is north of the Dapeng Bay. It is open to the sea, the water is calm and is considered one of the best in South China. [Edit] Climate The climate is subtropical, with a host of sunny seaside time (2120 hours of sunny weather throughout the year), and rainfall (1950 mm). Summer and autumn are warm, spring is pleasant and the winters mild. The average annual temperature is 22.4 ° C.
 Temperatures are arijacije small. Tempraturni maximum was 36.6 ° C, minimum temperature 1.4 ° C. Rainy season lasts from May to September with typhoons in summer and early autumn. Mountain range under which the city lies, (Wutong Hill, Yangtai Hill, Nanshan Hill), a natural protection from storms and the city rarely directly affected. Month SVOTSLSKRLSP ---------------------------------------------- max ° C 19 19 22 26 29 31 32 32 31 29 25 21 ° C Min 11 12 15 19 23 25 25 25 24 21 16 12 ---------- ------------ ------------------------ Rainfall (mm) 27 55 67 147 248 308 317 338 267 47 38 23 [edit] History The history of the province dates back to the Neolithic and naturally, there is plenty of archaeological finds under the age of 6000 years. Throughout history, the area was known as a municipality Bao&#39;an. Originally, the area was inhabited by local tribes Baiye. End of history can be divided into four periods. The political idea proved more than successful.
 In 1988., (But then a big city), became an independent administrative unit. Formerly anonymous village practically overnight became one of the largest cities in the Pearl River basin and the early eighties one of the fastest growing cities in the world. Populous China, which still has a socialist political system Shenzen gave guidelines for the introduction of capitalism and Western business principles. [Edit] Today the town center area is 2.020 km2. In the strictest okviroma No. stanovnka procjenjenuje up to 1.25 million. The city is the heart of the urban zone, which has about 10.7 million. The number of inhabitants, including suburbs closer to the number of 17 million. Migration in this region is not new. People have come since the 12th century. Moving into the city is now strictly limited by the authorities very difficult to give a pass to enter. 70% of Shenzen in fact the story has no permanent residence.
 Fully open the city limits to attract millions of additional people that would make the city less competitive, and caused additional social problems. One of the consequences of such policies is that in the near Shenzen grew a multitude of relatively large cities filled with immigrants of all parties and that there are waiting for the opportunity of entering. The city of this size is a natural conglomerate composed of relatively small cities that have all the logistics necessary for life. Real and practical need to know the whole city does not exist. Although it has a good administration, many people worried because the crime rate is relatively high. Wealth is created by the city attractive to the beggars, petty and organized crime, drugs, prostitution. Corruption is generally not nepoznica, a number of suspension of work is increasing. The local population is polarized between two extremes along the line of education, which creates a large economic gap.
 Statistically, the average age of residents is less than 30 years. One fifth of the population is between 20 and 24 years of age and even 97% under the age of 60 years. Women are the majority, favored by the authorities in relation to the male population as it relates to the needs of the local administration and manufacturing, where women were determined to be more necessary and more adaptable. Despite the fact that the city and its surroundings are full of immigrants eager to work, nearly 200 000 job position is vacant. [Edit] Economy [edit] Financial capital / Luohu The volume of used foreign financial capital, Shenzhen is the third in China. In the last two decades, it has invested over 31.5 billion U.S. dollars. Investments have built a lot of factories, plants and trade companies. Realized numerous joint ventures (Joint Venture), has been developed in trade, financial capital, banks and insurance companies).
 In 1990. Shenzhen Stock Exchange as the stock osnovanaje national character and controlled by the Chinese National Commission for Finance. Number of active companies on the list of stock market is over 550, while the number of registered investors-shareholders, about 35 million. The market value of the stock market more than 120 billion U.S. $. During the day, more than 610 000 sales transactions resulting in a nominal value greater than U.S. $ 800 million. [Edit] Industry / Nanshan Today, with the beginning of the 21st century megalopolis Shenzhen is one of the largest industrial centers of the world, (electronics, communications). According to the industrial production, the second in China and the seat of the most successful of numerous national and international companies. There are local companies Huawei and AZT as well as by the field of information technology (IT) as Foxconn and Apple. A substantial part of the supplied electronics technology based on Intel microprocessors. The city hosts the annual fair of electronics China Hi-tech Fair (CHTF).
 Shenzhen is the second largest free economic zones of China behind those in the province Huinan with more than 120 000 product based company. Textiles, clothing food, engineering, building material, chemical industry does not lag behind much of the primary, elektroniskom industry. In 2001. number of economically active population was 3.3 million. Although the largest number of workers employed in the sector sekundarnon economy (industrial production and employs 1:45 million), the tertiary sector (which include education, trade, transport, services), is growing twice faster annual rate, (11.6%: 5.5%). Economic activities were in 2005. were represented in proportion - 0.2%: 52.4%: 47.4%. Since 2001. Shenzhen is one of the cities with the greatest economic power, (fourth), all in mainland China. The average rate of its development between 2,001th and 2005. was 16.3%. With the year 2005. gross product of the city was 492 000 000 000 Chinese yuan (about 63 billion U $), 15% more than in 2004.
 With the exception of Hong Kong, the region has the highest gross domestic product and the first with respect to income per person in the country. [Edit] City port / Yantian Shenzhen has three major ports (Yantian, Shekou, Chiwan), a total of eight others. Yantian Port, (Yantian International Container Terminal) is the second port of its turnover in China today, the closest competitor to that in Hong Kong. 2005th Ports are for Chinese and global markets distribute more than 7.355 million standard containers of goods, nearly 30 million tons of goods with a turnover exceeding 19% from a year earlier. Distributive power will further strengthen the construction of 6 additional piers, (there are 9) by 2010. year. Early 2006. approved investments in the local terminal Maiwan. As a busy intersection of goods to China and the world, Shenzhen is the first development rates in the last ten years. [Edit] Transportation and communications Airport City &quot;Shenzhen International Airport is 36 km from the city center in a part of Fuyong.
 Numerous air lines connected the city with continental China, and increasingly to international destinations. Airport is the headquarters of local companies, &quot;Shenzhen Airlines, which has an additional Teminal to transport goods. The advantage is the airport of Shenzhen cheaper and easier access to the interior of China than it is today in terms of logistic and administrative case with the runway in Hong Kong. [Edit] Administrative structure The city is administratively divided into three parts. These are: Financial and business center of the SEZ of which is 327.5 km. Zone it extends towards the east-west, between the villages Beizajiao and Anli, and it is an area visited by the business world. From a total of six administrative units within the city, forming SEZ: Outside SEZ, in the eastern part of the Baoan (713 km ²) and Longgang (844 km ²). [Edit] Relations between Hong Kong-Shenzhen Despite being neighbors, legally in the same country, two megalopolis are less connected than is assumed.
 Freely travel between Shenzhen, which is Special Economic Zone and Hong Kong&#39;s Special Administrative Region, yet the full extent permitted, although the government in 2003. limited restrictions related to travel of persons in the continental part of China. Until then, only the group visits were possible. More than 9000 people now regularly travels between Hong Kong and Shenzen. Mostly, these are business people from Hong Kong who work there as vice versa, students who daily go to Hong Kong to the lectures. [Edit] Architecture Shun Hing Square During the nineties, the era of full ekpanzije Shenzen is building the boulevard every three days and today the city is a visual marvel after dusk, designed to impress the world. It has 10 buildings higher than 200 m whereas the &quot;Shung Shing Square,&quot; among the ten highest in the world, higher than the Empire State Building. The plan is to build a city AVIC Plaza height of 312 m.
 [Edit] Tourism [edit] Interesting city is easily overlooked as a tourist destination. Non-existent in many atlases and maps, with a planned purpose, Shenzhen offers a great deal. &quot;Lianhuashan&quot;, &quot;Lizhi&quot;, &quot;Wutongshan&quot; are just the most amazing of publicly available, deliberately constructed parks. There are many nature reserves in the very city limits. In addition, 6,000 years of history here has left a mark. One of them is 50 km from the center of the ancient urban center with castles and fortifications. This is the Old Fortress Dapeng (Dapeng Castle), built in 1394th during the southern reign of the Ming Dynasty, the village served as a defensive location. The most famous attractions are: [edit] Purchase by visitors from Hong Kong comes from purchasing from the assumption that the goods and services cheaper in Shenzhen. Visitors are usually not able to make a realistic assessment of the value of the goods. Prices in many cases are not marked, and bargaining is allowed but not efficient, so the final result is usually disappointment.
 The most visited shopping center for visitors is &quot;Lo Wu Commercial City,&quot; the central train station. There are several places regarded as a convenient place to buy goods. If the subject of clothing and footwear, is the best place for it near the central railway terminal. If the electronics are concerned, is cheap to get it in stores izmđu luxury hotel company Shangri La and Seg Electronics Co. .. In the case of footwear, apparel and cosmetics, which has a name, are a good place Xiwu and International Commercial Market near the theater. Products of good quality can be found along the Boundary St. in District Shatoujiau, in an area called Dong Men. The most visited shopping center is among people who live there mega-center of Hua Bei Quiang north of the street, &quot;Huang Qiang Road. Visitors often stay in the Shekou area, (the peninsula west of the city), which is also the area where the largest number of foreigners live.
 There is plenty of bars and restaurants of the western type. Nearby, the French passenger ship, once confiscated by Chinese authorities was concreted into the pier as a tourist attraction. [Edit] External Povezice Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/% C5% A0en% C5% Been&quot; Category: Cities in China
 