In the background of most of the subsequent analysis of ecological disaster, and sometimes a view of an eye, it has been shown to have very easily have been avoided or at least reduce the consequences that have occurred. What is the background and whether the same fact in the case of environmental disasters in the Gulf of Mexico read below ... The U.S. oil industry in 2003. year to avoid installing $ 500,000 worth of equipment to prevent oil spills that are activated by signal from the surface, with the comment that - too expensive. Oil now costs a disaster BP six million U.S. dollars a day, and Transocean has lost a platform worth 560 million U.S. dollars. In late March, President Obama signed a decision to allow deep underwater oil drilling along the coast of the United States. This is actually accepted by the central part of energy strategy presidential campaign John McCain-Sarah Palin, immortalized chanting Drill, baby, drill (drilling, baby, drilling) at the Republican convention in Denver 2008th
 He made it in hopes that, a new concession coax Republicans and industry to agree on a comprehensive energy strategy. The previous concession was a promise of expansion of nuclear energy and called. &quot;Clean coal&quot;. Not even the ink on the paper dried up, and Obama joined his commander of the National Guard, Head of the Environmental Protection Agency, the interior minister, Minister of Homeland Security, Governor Louissiane and CEO of the oil giant BP in New Orleans, the helpless watching the disaster. From 1.5 km deep offshore wells located 80 kilometers from the coast out over half a million gallons of oil per day. Oil slowly began to bleed environmentally sensitive Mississippi mouth, irreversibly pollute the largest protected wetland in the United States. Since oil still goes up, it can not accurately assess what would be a shame. But some things are already clear.
 In three states this summer, fishermen will lose their income. Migratory birds that nest on small islands at the confluence of the Mississippi will likely die. Oyster farms have been closed. Fish that spawn along the estuary will remain without a younger, because the eggs that float to the surface of the water, along with the plankton, be the first victims, and for them the whole food chain. Turtles, fish, birds and whales will die. Conference of the drilling of oil last week in Houston because it was relatively weak visited. Even greater threat to vegetation in the swampy mouth of the Mississippi collapses, once the oil is everywhere and drew all the covers. And when the vegetation fails, will not be nothing to prevent erosion, ie, the powerful Mississippi River just not otplavi mud soaked in oil into the ocean. The problem is that the wetland protects New Orleans from hurricanes and waves. Once the wetland is no more, New Orleans will be even more vulnerable to flooding, so this incident, but sees as Obama&#39;s Katarina (hurricane that has engulfed New Orleans during the reign of George W Bush).
 Furthermore, if the well is not shut up a few months, BP said it could take so much, oil can enter the Gulf Stream, so come to the eastern coast of Florida and continue. Obama, of course, called a permit for drilling. The media are still remembered to note that the underwater drilling along the U.S. coastline, and was banned for all these years, because of similar tragedies along the coast of California 1969th year when 16 million gallons of oil, oil platforms after the explosion, polluted 70 kilometers of the coast around Santa Barbara. This is not the only example of fossil fuels may cause a global catastrophe straight accidents at nuclear power plants: all I remember-tanker Exxon Valdez, from which in 1989. leaked 40 million gallons of oil, zagadivši 2100 km coast of Alaska. Deepwater Horizon (unfortunate name me look like a sci-fi horror film Event Horizon), owned by Transocean, the largest companies for underwater drilling, BP leased-in, was one of the most advanced platforms for oil, designed for drilling at great depths, which was held in position by floating in a computer regulated engine.
 It is not known what caused the explosion 20th April. The blast, which was submerged platform, killing eleven people. After the explosion, collapsed a mile-long tube through which the oil is coming, puknuvši in three places. The mechanism that in such situations automatically cut the pipe and seal the hole, installed in the borehole, it is not properly conducted, and the oil continued sukljati the depth to which people can get. The owners of oil, BP sent a remotely controlled robot submarines, what we can afford 40 years ago, to try to activate the mechanism, but to no avail. Happened to be exactly what is BP a year ago, the license application for the drilling, claiming that could not possibly happen. (Pay particular attention to point 2.7 and 7.1 in this document, which surely will never happen again.) Brazil, United Kingdom and Norway (Norway since 1993.) Require those who extracted oil from subsea wells, except that the automatic mechanisms that clog in the event of accidents on the rigs, and wells have called.
 acoustic switch, ie that the mechanism for preventing oil spills can be activated from the surface signal. With the help of Dick Cheney&#39;s oil industry in 2003. years of successfully avoiding the installation of $ 500,000 worth devices on platforms around the U.S. coast, with the comment that - too expensive. BP now spends $ 6,000,000 a day on this disaster, a lost platform was Transocean worth 560 million U.S. dollars. Sounds a bit unconvincing &quot;surprise&quot; BP this tragedy. Specifically, the official line of the oil industry in America is that the mechanisms for automatically closing the hole never or almost never scheduled, while the opposite is true: these mechanisms are often scheduled. For example, last year, while BP wrote the plan for this drill, the coast of Australia is similar tragedy occurred on the well Montara. The mechanism is zaštekao, and oil is sukljala 3 months, until finally not close the hole.
 Australia was lucky to be mostly oil trespass on the high seas. In this case the current carries oil to the mainland, from leaking wells three times more oil than in the case of Montara, and wells are located twenty times deeper below the sea surface. Because the extraction of oil from the great depth of complex business that involves a lot of corporations during the finger-pointing - is it really the fault of the BP (which, as the owner of oil, the law shall bear the costs of cleaning), or is guilty of Transocean and its technicians on the platform, or perhaps one of the many subkontraktora. Suppose, for the Deepwater Horizon and Montara platform in Australia, cementing was done by a corporation Haliburton - Haliburton Cheney&#39;s evil. Maybe they did something wrong, which led to the closure mechanism zašteka well? How do the media continue to explore, the more it seems that the problem is that the industry regulates itself.
 Oil drilling in the U.S. oversees structurally corrupt institution with a name that recalls the related services from a comic Alan Ford: Service Management minerals (Minerals Management Service). Unlike Australia and Great Britain, which have separate institutions - one collects rent from the oil industry for drilling, while the other supervises the details about safe drilling - in the U.S. in both the job done the same institution, which is structurally the possibility of abuse: an orgy on golf courses, bribes, expensive gifts, drugs, prostitutes - all there is. In return, the Service allows the oil industry itself that writes the rules. Last year, BP and other oil man were jointly opposed the stricter standards of safety and environmental protection. BP is in a letter written by the Service to believe that government regulation is not needed for underwater drilling and oil men is best left to themselves to voluntarily decide what steps to take to do the drilling safe for the environment.
 In a letter to the quite nice to write what they want to be included in the text of the law, and what does not. We see the results. It was the swan song of the oil industry. After the Deepwater Horizon things will surely change. In America, it usually has to happen to a disaster that something has changed, especially if this change can reduce the profits of large corporations. Thus, the Law on pure water (Clean Water Act) was passed only after the Cuyahoga River in Cleveland 1969th years after the nth time lit. Author: Ivo Skoric Source: h-alter
 