Arrived at Warsaw airport the coffin with the body of the President. Welcomed by the daughter of Martha, which is in tears, leaned on the shoulder of his uncle Jaroslaw. All of Poland stopped on Sunday at noon to two-minute silence odala respects straviènom killed in a plane crash in Smolensk. Thousands of people gathered in prayer for the dead in the crash. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin was in Smolensk where the special honors escorted the coffin with Lech Kaczynski who was taken by plane to Warsaw. The plane with the body of the Polish president just before an hour in the afternoon took off from the airport Smolensk. At 15:04 hours the aircraft has landed at a military airport in Warsaw. At the military airport, where they brought the body, they found the president&#39;s brother, Jaroslaw, and daughter Martha, and Prime Minister Tusk. PHOTO: Coffin Lech Kaczynski in Warsaw doèekan with tears procession with the coffin is moved through the city in the presidential palace in downtown Warsaw.
 Other bodies of the dead will take plane to Moscow for identification. Residents of the capital of Polish stood along the way in which the remains were transported from the airport to the presidential palace. The body of Marie Kaczynski has not yet arrived in Poland, Body Marie Kaczynski has not yet arrived in Poland, because it is not identified. Despite the fact that Russia&#39;s RIA news agency reported that the body Lech Kaczynski and his wife, Mary identified the president&#39;s brother, Jaroslaw Kaczynski, Polish media reported that the body of the first lady has not yet been found. Fakt says that this information was confirmed by the Polish ambassador in Moscow, Jerzy Bahr. The coffin with the body of the Polish President arrived in Warsaw Photo javno165 Because straviènih injuries on the bodies, most likely will be needed DNA analysis, which under normal circumstances, on average, takes about six weeks. That would mean he would pair Presidential Burial will be held probably much later than expected.
 The President died of internal injuries autopsy that was performed on the body of Polish President Lech Kaczynski has shown that the immediate cause of death was internal injuries that occurred as a direct consequence of stroke zarkoplova on the ground. There were no technical defects Photo javno165 inquiry committee of the Public Prosecutor&#39;s Office of Russia exclude the possibility that the cause of the plane crash was a technical malfunction of the aircraft, according to media reports. Russian aircraft of the Tupolev-154 was in perfect condition, the Interfax said principal investigator Alexander Bastrikin. During the pilot communication with the control tower at the airport Smolensk, in which the aircraft should land, not to mention technical problems, Bastrikin said, adding that the pilot was informed of the adverse weather conditions. At the airport Smolensk then tried to land a few times. Daughter Marta Kaczynski, Lech Kaczynski daughter to mourn the loss of his father Photo javno165 Russian Transport Minister Igor Levitin Prime Minister Vladimir Putin is reported to have &quot;black boxes&quot; from the downed aircraft in satisfactory condition and that the decryption of communications pilots and control towers began on Sunday morning, a decryption of other boxes in which data is stored electronically on the course of the summer, will begin soon.
 Members of the Russian and Polish Ministry of Transport co-operate in case. Half an hour before his death he called his brother who was supposed to be on the plane and the media find out how Lech Kaczyinski only 36 minutes before the tragic crash of an aircraft called the phone with his twin brother Jaroslaw, who was supposed to be on the same flight. Lech Kaczynski&#39;s brother allegedly said that everything goes according to plan and will soon land in Smolensk. Brothers did not know that this is their last discussion. Jaroslaw Kaczynski at the last moment, withdrew from the flight, due to the health of mother, which is already several weeks in hospital. Instead of Jaroslaw Kaczynski at the time was headed by his deputy, Minister Zbigniew Wassermann. Remember, the Russian agency RIA Novosti reported that Jaroslaw Kaczynski has identified the body of his younger twin brother Lech, Poland&#39;s president, and his wife Mary, who died in a plane crash near Smolensk in Russia.
 - Jaroslaw Kaczynski has identified the body of his brother - said the parliamentarian Max Kraczkowski. Photo javno165 The Polish news agency PAP, Jaroslaw Kaczynski immediately after identification, the night between Saturday and Sunday, he returned to his homeland. The body of the late president will also be directly transported to Warsaw. The bodies of all the other crash victims were also found in helicopters and special prevezna in Moscow, where he will arrive soon to the families of victims for identification. Putin promised a quick investigation into the cause of the crash in Warsaw are tens of thousands of people all night came before the presidential palace and left candles and flowers. Many sang and prayed, and churches remained open throughout the night. President of the loyal military honors posthumously Photo javno165 Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin promised a quick investigation into the cause of the crash in which he died on Saturday, Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife, 88 members of the High Polish delegation and cabin crew.
 Russian Transport Minister Igor Levitin, meanwhile, accused the Polish pilots Soviet Tupolev Tu-154 that they acted arbitrarily. Visibility at the site of the accident was only 400 meters until the required visibility for landing 1000 feet, he said, adding that the pilots ignored the demands of air traffic control that do not slijeæu in Smolensk. Levitin said the black boxes were found with the data on the flight, which will examine in Moscow Russian and Polish experts.
 