No, I Safete! - He shouted in ecstasy by the late TV commentator Mladen Delic at a time when Yugoslavia was in Split in a meeting with Bulgaria asked the way to soccer EP 1984th &quot;Ha, ha, I remember Mladenova transmission emotional game, and one sentence,&quot; Oh my people is that possible, &quot;and shouting&quot; Radanović Radanović. &quot;So who would be forgotten,&quot; he began Safet Susic yesterday in a telephone interview from Paris , where he lived for many years, and added: - Interesting, no one remembers that I am at that game, scoring twice. But Sušić the most dramatic match as a separate one in Bucharest, when Yugoslavia collapsed Bulgaria 6:4, and he scored a hat-trick. - It was a crazy game, I was exhilarated, but the goals are falling like rain. But the damage was never the team did not achieve great success. And I think it&#39;s from 1982. she was sposbna the greatest achievements. It was better than those of 1990. year when you played in the World Cup quarterfinals and lost to Argentina on penalties.
 - Better, definitely better. Safet Susic was the king of dribbling, many would say one of the best players in the former Yugoslavia. A few years ago, he was elected football life in BiH. - It&#39;s one of my favorite award because it was a lot of great players in the closest competition: Ferhatović, In addition, Sliskovic, Vladić Bajević ... Who would have remembered them all. After nearly thirty years ago will be back in Sarajevo, which he always loved. After Miroslav Ciro Blazevic Safet will cycle in qualifying for the European Championship 2012th to lead the national team of Bosnia and Herzegovina. - We have already negotiated several times, that now we have to agree. I am a bit excited, I know I&#39;m in for only one purpose - to lead EP BiH. Ciro&#39;s team woke up and left you the good players. - Yes, certainly made a lot of the BiH football, on football&#39;s undisputed authority. But I also did not come to an end. He played against the big three teams twice and recorded only one draw.
 I know, if we want to do a great job, we&#39;ll have to beat the biggest. Tim is well known, are you satisfied with the quality players? - Some still have to meet, but the backbone of a team composed of top players who play in strong leagues and clubs. In Warsaw on 7th February there is a possibility to make Croatia a carrier group? - It certainly would not want to, because Croatia has a great team. Were it not for injuries, safe to play in the World Championship.
 