Information for registration of images from the Gallery Latest News RECOMMENDATION Visit the Google search portal for all schools of the Canton Sarajevo! News Archive Last modification changes This page was last modified-updateovana - 2 September 2010, 7:42 TRANSLATORS Select Language English Arabic Cina (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Croatian Czech Danish Dutch Finnish French German Greek Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish Catalan Filipino Hebrew Indonesian Latvian Lithuanian Serbian Slovak Slovenian Ukrainian Vietnamese Albanian Estonian Galician Hungarian Maltese Thai Turkish options Press (Ctrl + D) to add a page, you need to do it manually! Excursion - Vienna, Prague, Bratislava, Budapest EXCURSION 11th 06th 2010th year, two days after the end of the regular class, ahead of the Olympic swimming pool island, secret in 18h group of 40 disciples of Electrical Secondary School, along with four professors and director, began his eagerly išèekivano trip to trip.
 Excursion is implied tour several different cities in the period between the 11th 06th -18. 06th 2010th year, a major destination was Prague, Češka. The first destination was Vienna. On the way to Vienna, we made two shorter breaks, one in Bosnia and Herzegovina and one in Hungary. In Vienna we arrived 12 hours after departure. Driving in Gras exclusive bus was comfortable and the atmosphere excellent. In Vienna we&#39;ve been waiting for a tourist guide with whom we continued sightseeing. Vienna is a beautiful and attractive tourist town, with lots of important squares, palaces, opera and ballet hall, a statue of important personalities from the past as well as shopping centers. The Danube are also very nice. What has particularly attracted our attention is the building Hunder VASER, large amusement park as well as McDonald&#39;s. Upon completion of sightseeing we got some free time for shopping and then continued his journey to Prague. In Prague, we got 12.06.
 about 19h. Iris Hotel where we stayed at a 4 star hotel and is one of the most beautiful hotels in Prague. Shortly after we tasked the room and settled, served the evening, and the rest of the evening was free. Next day, after doruèka we went sightseeing in Prague, together with an expert to our conductor. City of Prague is one of the most beautiful European cities rich variety of buildings of different styles of construction has been done of which are enhanced by, the church of St. Vitus, the royal palace, etc. We visited almost all the tourist places of interest visited a few places where a beautiful view on Prague, a city of towers , watched the performances on the main square and replace the money in exchange offices. Then we went on a boat ride on Vltava River. Vltava River is beautiful beyond which stretches a lot of bridges predvoðenih longest and most beautiful Charles Bridge. As such, the Vltava and pristupaèna suitable for navigation. A large part of Prague stretches of the river banks.
 His journey ends entering the river Lab (Elba). On the boat we had lunch and another part of the city sightseeing. After this pleasant ride we returned to the hotel. This evening was planned and night, at will. Most of the disciples and went nicely with a lot of fun, but it was boring even to those who stayed at the hotel. Next day we visited Karlovy Vary, a place that was accidentally discovered by Charles IV in deer hunting. Karlovy Vary is a lot of healing mineral springs, of which only 11 of them knows the medicinal properties. After a long day trip we returned to the hotel for dinner and then again any night is planned. The third day in Prague was free for shopping, walk around town and everything we needed. This day is of course used each in his own way, but they are all good fun. And the third evening was planned night. Fourth day we had a full day trip to Dresden.
 Dresden is a small town in eastern Germany, some 3.5 hours drive from Prague, surrounded by beautiful and unspoiled nature, situated on the banks of the river Labe (Elbe). And Dresden is also one of the beautiful city filled with various palaces and buildings from the Renaissance and Baroque periods. We also visited one of the most beautiful church in the whole of Central Europe, the church of the Virgin Mary. Much of the day we had free to buy as the Dresden really rich shopping malls with pristupaènim prices. We returned to Prague for dinner. Departing from Prague was scheduled for the next morning after doruèka so this evening after returning from Dresden every advantage in a different way, but all they had to be at the hotel. Next morning, as it was planned, we continued their journey and headed to Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia. Here we&#39;ve been waiting for a tourist guide, ready to show us the beauty and sights of this city.
 In Bratislava we were only 5 hours, but enough to see all the attractions. Most of us agree that it is very Bratislava A similar Sarajevo, according to the style of construction, scheduled street ... From Bratislava we went to Budapest where we arrived for dinner. After dinner we had a night tour of Buda and Pest. Budapest is one of the most beautiful cities we visited. Some say that this city èari istiæu especially at night. One of sightseeing we went by bus, and the second part on foot. We climbed one of the tallest nearby hill so we could enjoy the panorama of the city. Sometime around midnight we were on the stronghold. Though tired and sleepy, we enjoyed what we could see. Upon completion of sightseeing we returned to the hotel which is located in Buda. 18.06. On Friday, after doruèka was planned tour of Budapest and return home around 11am. However, due to the rain that fell all night and all morning walk through the city was delayed, so we only visited a large shopping center.
 Back in Sarajevo was the planned time. Again we made the same number of breaks and arrived in Sarajevo at 20:30 h. When we are already close to Sarajevo, bus trips are echoed songs about our beautiful city. Although European cities have a beautiful back in Sarajevo was even some tears to the eyes caused. Just as they say, Come all, come home. Finally, we thank our driver who had truly understanding with us and always came out to meet, then the conductors of times, the tourist agency, as well as our professor and the director as we organize something so wonderful. This trip will surely long remain in our most beautiful memories. Group (disciples) See some pictures from this trip! [Back] Prize Competition! Click on a photo and win a LCD! Saturday December 2010 11 Sarajevo 14 ° C School journal currently popular on the site Statistics Today: 33 Yesterday: 42 This Month: 587 Total: 56 086 Max.
 day: 326 occurred: 18/06/2009 Visit count of: 2008-09-09 © 2010 Central School of Electrical Sarajevo
 