Surprise in the ranks of the Catholic Church throughout the world is big - it can not be overlooked. A statement of Pope Benedict XVI to the Church in certain cases may allow the use of condoms for now, none of crkvenodostojnik not want to commit themselves. Although these days in Rome staying many cardinals, who participated in ceremony of new cardinals, there is no official statement. It seems that now everyone still more concerned with the time to agree a common line with which to go out in public. For, while it is clear to everyone, the pope&#39;s statement is not just a small correction of the current Vatican policy, but poptpuna change in attitude. One familiar with the situation in the Vatican, who requested anonymity, said it will now be much more fundamentally change. More last Thursday (18.11.) Is a respected German weekly Die Zeit published an interview with journalist Peter Seewald, longtime liberal Munich newspaper Süddeutsche Zeitung &quot;and the author of two books of interviews with Cardinal Josef Ratzinger from the time before his election as pope.
 The reason the conversation was Seewald new book, &quot;Light of the World,&quot; which were published interviews that the 56-year-old former member of the &quot;Workers&#39; Alliance for Reconstruction of the Communist Party of Germany&quot; and in the meantime convinced faithful Catholics during six days last summer led to the Pope at his summer residence Castel Gandolfo. Bildunterschrift: This interview was created - the pope&#39;s summer residence Castel Gandolfo sensational announcement early in the interview with Die Zeit is Seewald, announcing the book would be on Tuesday (23.11.) Should be presented to the public, and then a day later to appear in bookstores, and to simultaneously in 18 languages worldwide, noted that it contains a splash. Speaking on the issues raised by the Pope, a German journalist said that the first question would be how it feels. Which question was the last, Seewald did not want to disclose - said only that it was a sensation. In the meantime, it is clear about what kind: Vatican newspaper Osservatore Romano &quot;is&quot; broke &quot;the secret and published excerpts from an interview in which Pope Benedict XVI
 giving up to date strict prohibition of the use of condoms. On the next page Ekspolozivan potential
 