17/02/2010 - Verhovna work (parliament) has decided by a majority of parliamentary votes to be officially inaugurated a new president Yanukovich will be February 25. Yulia Tymoshenko&#39;s parliamentary bloc and its coalition of three parties that clearly could not prevent. They lost the support of MPs from smaller parties that the government has so far maintained in power. Worse they are written if requested by the Regions Party of Prime Minister vote of no confidence. From the government said that they were in any event no funds for the inauguration ceremony of president, because the proposed state budget for 2010. year did not pass the parliamentary procedure. The High Administrative Court accepted to consider the complaints, but Tymoshenko 19th February, and the declaration of their &quot;suspended&quot; a decision of the Central Election Commission, which Mr Yanukovych was declared the winner. Tymoshenko is a person with a group of members of his staff at the court adopted the eight cases of alleged evidence of election rigging.
 She had to wriggle through the crowd Janukovičevih supporters who whistled at her and a small group of his supporters who applauded her. Yanukovych, meanwhile, strongly condemned the decision of the outgoing President Yushchenko to designate Stepan Bandera national hero of Ukraine. They did so many other Ukrainian politicians, but not Tymoshenko, who is not a word is not declared. From Moscow to announce the Russian president Medvedev and Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu jointly condemned &quot;attempts to revise the outcome of the Second World War and rehabilitation quislings. Again the gas derogation of one-sided orientation of his presidential predecessors, Yanukovych is committed to balanced relations with Russia, the European Union and the United States. In the presidential campaign, has proposed two solutions to contentious issues. First, he gave clear that Yushchenko would not like to seek evacuation of Russian military fleet from the port of Sevastopol in the Crimea when the 2017th
 The treaty expires on renting. Secondly, he advocated the opening of negotiations with Moscow on a new agreement for the purchase and transit of Russian gas. Since Ukraine is not able to pay market prices for the consumption of this gas, the proposed establishment of an international consortium with three equal partners: the state of Ukrainian Ukr / Trans / Gaza, the Russian state monopoly Gazprom and European companies that buy and distribute Russian gas to their own markets. The project was initiated by a memorandum in 2002. was signed by then-Ukrainian President Kuchma, Russian President Putin and German Chancellor Schroeder. Then the German E. On Rurhgaz and French Gaz de France expressed willingness to invest money in this project. But this is a preliminary deal fell through when the parliamentary opposition led by Timošenkovom pushed through a law that prohibits the transfer of any part of the Ukrainian state ownership of the pipeline to foreign companies.
 Problems with supply from Russian gas and its transit to the EU are thus eliminated, although in January 2009. Prime Minister Tymoshenko and Putin reached a compromise. Payments under this agreement are performing each month, Yushchenko persistently tried to disable them. According Janukovičevoj ideas, the Russian Gazprom received one-third ownership of the Ukrainian gas pipeline network (and therefore an appropriate share of the division of revenue from transit, but would also have to invest in maintenance and modernization of the network), and in return, Ukraine would get cheaper gas for own consumption . Yanukovych stressed the danger that Ukraine as a transit country to be completely marginalized because the Russians worked on launching two alternative pipeline - with the Italians &quot;South Stream&quot;, is the Germans, &quot;Northern stream&quot; - which bypassing Ukraine. If and when one of them takes, Ukarjina will lose transit revenues to the European Union, will have to pay market prices for gas purchases, you can not afford.
 Georgian response 18/02/2010 - Saakashvili, Georgia&#39;s current president and former leader of the &quot;Rose Revolution&quot;, he fell hard defeated Yushchenko, his Ukrainian alter ego, but in the first round. But he could accept and Timošenkovu, Juščenkovu partner in Ukraine&#39;s &quot;Orange Revolution&quot;. Trying to help her, sent before the second round of elections in eastern Ukraine, an expedition of 2,000 &quot;observer&quot; with the obvious task to determine Yanukovych &quot;spoofing.&quot; Im Ukrainian Central Election Commission has refused to give accreditation. Saakashvili was Yushchenko Ukraine was a strategic ally to the target path towards Euro-integration atlanstkim. With Janukovičevom victory this connection is interrupted. However, according to Ghia Nodi, until recently, Georgian Minister of Higher Education, each new Ukrainian president will cause the economic interests of the country will be forced to follow the path of convergence with the EU. On the way Georgia will be able to continue to rely on Ukraine, a country that is geographically closer to Europe and which has a higher specific gravity.
 However, Ukraine will withdraw from Juščenkovih efforts for inclusion in the Western military organization. In addition to Georgia to remain alone among the countries of the former Soviet Union. Nodi careful to not say, but he left his readers to conclude that the text will Tbilsi have to lower their ambitions. Dilemmas of Moldova and Romania&#39;s gambit The outcome of Ukraine&#39;s election is even more important for Moldova, a small former Soviet republic stuck between Ukraine and Romania. The parliamentary elections held last year, I wrote in my diary Moldovan. Just a reminder, then a four-Moldovan &quot;Alliance for European Integration,&quot; claimed a tight victory over the then ruling communist party. As in the case of Ukraine&#39;s &quot;Orange Revolution&quot; in 2004. year, so this result is lauded in the West as a great victory over the &quot;pro-Russian&quot; regime set, in which the government prednjačile neighboring Romania.
 Romanian President Traian Basescu has repeatedly insisted that the territory of Moldova alienated part of Romania, which was annexed to the Soviet Union Ribentropp-Molotov agreement. Western commentators have ignored these irredentist declaration. They ignored the fact that relations Chisnaua and Moscow were bad because of Russian support odcjepljenoj Transdnjestriji and that the previous government acceded to the European Union program &quot;Eastern Partnership&quot;. Campaigned for closer Moldovan Union, but no merger countries neighboring Romania (two countries share the same language and a lot of history), but independently. Despite the declared pro-Atlantic orientation of the regime that has resulted in Ukraine&#39;s &quot;Orange Revolution&quot; and related aspirations Moldovan &quot;Alliance for European integration, relations between the two countries were the other cold. There will be even better with Janukovičevom team. The reason they Transdnjestrija and its 500,000 inhabitants Slavic, Ukrainian-Russian origin.
 Kiev 1200 did not stop stationing of Russian troops, and even the cooler relations were with the Bucharest-Kiev, first because of the past (fascist Romania during the Second svjeskoga war as an ally of Nazi Germany was part of the occupying forces of the Ukrainian territory), and secondly because of the recent border oživljenog dispute. Romania recently agreed to install its own territory, the U.S. ballistic interceptors, and Washington just negotiate with Sofia to the second part of the same &quot;missile shield&quot; put in Bulgaria (previously had to be installed in Poland and the Czech Republic, but the Obama administration was dropped). Strongly reacted against this secessionist president Transdnjestrije Igor Simonov, who said he would ask Moscow to set up the their &quot;Iskander&quot; missile. The Russians have not responded to Simon&#39;s statement, but their Defense Minister Anatoli Sendiukov said the system could be set up in the area of Kaliningrad (which are already threatened when the Americans agreed to set Antiraketnoga shield in Poland and the Czech Republic).
 I saw that they were alerted to the Moldovan authorities for the Romanian delegation arrived Chisnau which neighbors tried to explain how interceptors are designed and useful for the Moldovan security. Sent an invitation to Basescu, with what he was commissioned in advance that does not account for the unification of Moldova and Romania, or the Moldovan accession to NATO. I have not encountered the reaction of Ukrainian officials, but neither Yanukovich nor Tymoshenko can not remain indifferent to the situation in which their country to find the new line of competition between the West and Russia. And this time last negotiations between Washington and Moscow on a new treaty on limiting strategic arms (START ex-1), which is symbolically marked the end of the Cold War, and expired on 5 December Moldovan Parliament, but six months is not able to elect a president of the republic (in Moldova, he, unlike the Ukraine or the Croatian is not elected at general elections).
 While this does not happen - and acting duties will be chairman of parliament Mihai Ghimpu. Ukraine in turn is elected, yet nepotvrđenoga president. Democratic transition is indeed not easy. Yanukovych inauguration 20/02/2010 - After yesterday&#39;s first session of the Vis administrative court, which was attended by Tymoshenko herself, she decided to withdraw their complaint because, she said - &quot;in the circumstances does not see the point in continuing&quot;. The journalists were later told that &quot;this is not a court and not justice.&quot; I guess she realized that her attempt to court the destruction of Yanukovich will fail. And another surprise: outgoing President Yushchenko congratulated Yanukovych election victory. Not that he was the heart has suddenly grown up so revenge on his former partner, Tymoshenko. 26/02/2010 - Yesterday, Viktor Yanukovych laid before the presidential oath Verhovnom work. Dovorana was half empty. Yushchenko and Tymoshenko did not appear.
 Before that, the All-Russia Patriarch Kiril blessed Yanukovych in Pečerskoj Lavra (Kiev Cathedral / Monastery). Ukraine&#39;s fourth president since independence was declared in his inaugural speech that he would &quot;defend the sovereignty and independence&quot; of the country. He said he would develop &quot;an equal and mutually beneficial relations with Russia, the European Union and the United States and other countries.&quot; He condemned the leaders of &quot;orange revolution&quot; that led the country in an extremely difficult economic situation. Solving economic problems and the problems of poverty and the fight against corruption will be his priorities. Called for a &quot;rapid establishment of an effective system of executive power,&quot; pointing to a future government should be composed of professionals. With this announced its opposition to the current dvovlašću. The struggle for supremacy that characterized his predecessor concerning the Prime Minister and indeed was the main cause of the Ukrainian crisis.
 That this does not happen again should change the constitution, and it can not go fast. In the meantime, they began negotiations with the second and third place presidential candidates - Serhejem Tigipkoom and Arsenije Jasteniukom - which of course does not belong to his Party of Regions. If one of the first two to accept the position of prime minister - could muster the parliamentary majority to form a new coalition government. But as commentators to claim that he can not come quickly. Meanwhile Yanukovich will be forced into an uncomfortable cohabitation with Prime Minister Tymoshenko. For Tango is still needed two.
 