Although the date of birth of Hazrat Ali ibn Abi Talib (peace be upon him) last century, and although the man is a creature prone to accept new things, the appearance and personality, and rejecting the old, the name of this great human race is still at the peak of humanity, love , morality, honesty and loyalty. Hazrat Ali&#39;s name in all the centuries stojalo and still stands at the top of humanity with which the track points all people thirsty and eager for justice, fairness and equity. He directs the people who harbor the most sincere and most exalted feelings toward humanity, belief and laudable human traits. Dear listeners and visitors to the official web site Voice of IR Iran in the Bosnian language, Congratulations on the anniversary of the birth and najpoštovanijeg najodanijeg friend and companion of the last of the Prophet Muhammad (pbuh). Life of Hazrat Ali (peace be upon him) was full of wisdom and proverbs.
 That everyone knows that at least for the moment holding hands &quot;trail eloquence,&quot; a work in which the collected wisdom of words, letters and sayings of the greats. It was about this and I said: &quot;If you look at the ups and downs of my life, you&#39;ll realize that my life is filled with lessons.&quot; We will even the shortest review of the person and work of Hazrat Ali to reveal its size and the fact that his personality drew their characteristics with a perfect and clean sources such as the last Prophet of God (pbuh). &quot;If my personality lijepoznajte see something that is a result of Self-Cultivation in the way of Allah and movement on the road in front of me opened last Prophet of God (peace be upon him),&quot; said Hazrat Ali. He was one of his loyal friend Kumejlu - which dictated the prayer, which would later become known as Kumejlova home - said: &quot;Kumejle, the last of the Prophet (pbuh) was raised by Allah, I was raised by the last prophet of Allah, and to me that chasten believers. &quot;And then she explained:&quot; I was just a child when my parents gave prophet (pbuh).
 He raised me and I was constantly with him, smelling his wonderful scent. He was a light user. I have not had the strength to separate from the last of the Prophet Muhammad (pbuh) as the baby camel can not be separated from his mother. He has guided me and taught on the road that leads to the beautiful moral qualities. He has every year in the cave Hira spent several days and nights, and I ran with me so I had the honor to once in his childhood saw nur, light, mission, smell the smell The nearest angels. And it is He said: O Ali, you got to the sublime degree, because you see what I see and hear what I hear, the only difference is that you&#39;re not a prophet. &quot;Hazrat Ali is the latest addition to the Prophet was a solid bulwark in defense of Islam. Allah&#39;s beloved (pbuh) had vjernijeg, iskrenijeg and courageous companion and friend of Hazrat Ali (peace be upon him).
 It was also shown during the Prophet&#39;s migration to the Hereafter, where Hazrat Alija determination led to the spread of Islam in different geographic areas. It&#39;s always been consistent with the teachings of Islam and has always insisted that there can be no difference between muslimanovih words and actions, and knowledge of God and believe he watched the road to salvation and prosperity. He taught mankind that a person who does not know God and spirituality can not be perfect. &quot;The most beneficial thing one can have the intellect, and most valuable sense. One hour of thinking is better than a whole life filled worship without thought, &quot;said Hazrat Ali (peace be upon him). The honesty and intimacy, this great human race said: &quot;If you&#39;re on the road of truth and sincerely committed to advocating will not be at a loss even if the end of that time arrives. In this case you will be rewarded. &quot;Hazrat Ali was the son in law, blood brother and thio Prophet, and belonged to a large family in Mecca, but oblčio and treated as the weakest and poorest inhabitants of the Holy City.
 Those who did not know he was not able to distinguish from the other inhabitants of Mecca and later Medina. He lived a simple life even when it is administered as a caliph, a large geographic area. I then hung out with everyone and stroked his head a child poor. He was known as a great worker and an opponent of laziness, and advised the man to work and effort providing livelihoods for their families. The people called for the work, effort and duplication of resources, noting that no one should tie the property to make it easier to spending in Allah&#39;s way. Hazrat Ali is one of the battles of his defeated opponent, who was very big and strong. Thrown to the ground, his opponent spat his blessed face, and Hazrat Ali immediately followed by turn in order to return among the Muslim fighters. Then it was defeated opponent asked, &quot;Why did not you cut down when I spit?&quot; This was Hazrat Ali replied: &quot;Yes I cut down to make it out of anger and revenge, and I just pulls a sword in the name of Allah.&quot; In Battle of Džemelu, when the sun reached the peak of their severity, Alija companion Hazrat Kanber is this Hazrat offered a glass of cold sorbet.
 Around the issue of, Hazrat Ali was asked: &quot;How to drink the cold sorbet when lying on the ground so many wounded?&quot; But they are your enemies, &quot;said Canberra. At the Hazrat Ali said: &quot;But are people who feel pain and thirst. Let those other help to the wounded napojiš this sorbet. &quot;In the battle at Sifina, Muavijini soldiers came to the Euphrates and occupied positions before Hazrat Alija&#39;s Army. Seeing that his fighters are thirsty, Hazrat Ali Muawiya sent to open the way to the water. For this he was Muawiya replied that it could not do it, because the war and that he is not at war možepridržavati moral principles. Shortly afterwards, Hazrat Alija brave comrades were attacked Muavijinu army and pushed from the Euphrates. However, Hazrat Ali has not acted as his opponent, but Muavijinim soldiers allowed to freely approach the water. Fighters who opposed it said: &quot;Although I know that they are our enemies and to want to kill us, we know that they and their animals that they are thirsty and need water.
 I can not ignore the humanity. &quot;This contribution will eventually bring wise Hadith Hazrat Ali: Who teach me one letter, made me his slave dullness of heart comes from the stomach pretrpanog Work is the best picture of the soul of man is a moral force in pure good faith teaches who tells the truth, who speaks wisely recommends honesty, deserves praise for the people who seek the absence of complacency is a sign of intelligence. Worth more than knowledge of his property, because property should be retained and kept the knowledge of man. We are grateful to Allah for its distribution: it gave us the knowledge that stays forever, and our enemies gave the property that will eventually collapse. Taught a child is worth more than the man, who knows nothing. With better teaching pride, but with its strain and tribes. A real man needs to remember (or write down) wherever you find words of wisdom (or hear). Hurry knowledge before its vegetation wither and before you give up on themselves to seek knowledge from those who have it.
 