Edited by: Sabina Čabaravdić Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, will begin talks this Thursday in Washington about the Middle East, or the formation of two states, The New York Times. This will be the first direct negotiations between the two sides in 20 months, and also test the readiness of the two leaders to resolve the dispute which has lasted since the formation of the Israeli state. Netanyahu&#39;s moratorium on construction of Jewish settlements expires 26th September Abbas has threatened to withdraw from direct negotiations if the construction continues. But Netanyahu has signaled that it might allow the building of controversial settlements. The two leaders may play the card that would be both brought some political advantage, but the possibility that negotiations fail before they start and those that concern. Obama administration should work hard and creatively to find a solution to 26
 September Obama with Netanyahu and Abbas in New York, 22.09.2009. Palestinians are rightly concerned that a new Jewish settlements could not &quot;take&quot; part of the territory of a future Palestinian state. If Abbas is genuinely involved in direct negotiations, Netanyahu is not left much room to continue the construction of settlements. Objectively, from the moment izrealski Prime Minister ten months ago has decided to freeze the building, the atmosphere for negotiations has become a far more positive. There are other positive trends. Violence against Israel is a small intensity, while Palestinian security forces have control of the West Bank. Palestinian Authority manage the side to keep those who initiate hostilities with Israel, for example, we have teachers who encourage attacks against Jews. However, it should do much more. The biggest plus for future negotiations could be Obama&#39;s determination to resolve the Mideast conflict.
 His predecessor, seven years has ignored the Middle East, and only in 2007. Held peace conference, but she was not well prepared, nor George Bush appropriately included in order to achieve a just solution. Obama is peace in the Middle East one of the political agenda. It is clear that the Israeli - Palestinian conflict a factor of instability in the region. George Mitchell to visit Palestine, 07.05.2010. His chief envoy George Mitchell has spent countless hours in the Middle East to bring the two sides to the negotiating table together. There are, however, serious obstacles. Abbas is a weak leader, represents only a fraction of Fatah and the government only in the West Bank while Hamas controls Gaza. Netanyahu led the government of the extreme right, even if he is personally for a peaceful solution to the dispute, the question is whether they will allow him to coalition partners. We are encouraged, says New York Times, reports that he wants to participate in the negotiations with Abbas, and called him many years of reliable partner.
 Obama has set an ambitious one-year work plan for the two sides which should solve the status issues: the limits of the new Palestinian government, security, refugees and the future of Jerusalem. Parameters and solutions are well known from previous peace talks. But between the two sides still deeply distrust the government, and the Obama administration must actively engage in the moment when the negotiations are impeded. Obama will begin talks on Wednesday evening, with dinner at the White House, which will be attended by Netanyahu and Abbas and Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordanian King Abdullah, whose countries have peace treaties with Israel. Tony Blair, former British Prime Minister, will represent the United Nations, the United States, European Union and Russia - that &quot;the Middle East peace quartet.&quot; Dinner organized by the American head of state in the White House will have significant symbolism, but the engagement of Mr. Obama&#39;s time may not be completed .
 He needs to engage in obtaining support for the peace process, others in the region, including Saudi Arabia and Turkey. Pessimism when it comes to the upcoming talks is understandable, given the numerous failed attempts at peace negotiations. However, the gathered leaders must make serious progress towards a final peace, and if you need to be to them and compel President Obama, says New York Times ..
 ************** Could keep you interested, and these texts: Netanyahu of the peace agreement with Israel to protect the interests of Israel alleviate the blockade of Gaza
 