Bosnians can try and crack the hundreds of new parties and leaders, but if they all continue to be operated by well-known principle of IMT does not save us. The only way of salvation is the creation of parties and leaders who will be the basis of their work based on moral principles. For us the clear choice: Either moral principles or ruin, as we are in lack of time the past few days, Internet users were able to cope with unusual information from the world of astronomy. Specifically, certain named Andromeda galaxy, away from our Milky Way a few light years, it became a cannibal. You can imagine, astronomers have unambiguously stated that this glutton - that the audacity - swallowing the surrounding small galaxies (say more professional: they pulled into their gravitational field). One Western scholar said he never for a long time will not co-exist two neighbors, with one strong and another weak, and that after a certain time, the strong will not try to swallow the smaller one.
 It is not difficult to disagree with publicist recently set out in paragraph Fatmir Alispahić to the thesis of indestructibility and nepoderivosti Bosnia Bosnian pure myth. Hundreds of people, countries and languages gone through history, and still disappears. How to Bosnia and Bosnian people have exclusivity? Who is the guarantor of such a kind of untouchable Bosnia and Bosniaks in it - it&#39;s not what ovosjetska force or God himself? Such worldly force until at least the foreseeable future there is not in sight, and as far as God, He has established a very clear and strict rules governing when and how to protect someone. One of them is the following: &quot;Allah will not change the situation of a people until he himself is not changed. And when Allah wants to punish a nation, one that can not be prevented, but He does not have his patron. (Ar-Rad, 11) or, in other God&#39;s rule: &quot;Allah commands you to the responsible services to those who entrust them worthy when people judge a fair judge.&quot; (En-Nisa &#39;, 6) or the third of God&#39;s rule: &quot; And prepare against them as much as you can force a horse to frighten the time of Allah and your enemies, and others besides them - you do not know them, Allah knows them.
 (El-Enfal, 60) The fact that the Almighty God has allowed his most sacred places such as Mecca and Jerusalem, over a thousand years of being ruled and controlled by pagan and heterodox person clearly refute the allegations of some Sarajevo pobožnjaka and sheikhs who argue that Sarajevo is a sacred place and will be in it zanavijek hear Ezan. So we can freely say: God alone is holy laws and regulations and, accordingly, be they sacred nations, cities, communities and countries that are most consistent in the application of said rules of God. Bosniak elites are three Qur&#39;anic rules just as consistently applied in practice to give us the best description of those matches that Imam Ali, peace be upon him, once addressed his compatriots: &quot;Woe to you! I was tired Korec you. Are you satisfied with life instead of the worldly life of the future? Instead of dignity or humiliation? When you call to battle against your enemies, your eyes you reel like you&#39;re already in the claws of death as you are distraught by astonishment.
 My advice did not realize so confused remnant. As if you were affected by the madness of the heart so I do not understand. Your example is an example of the camel, whose keepers have gone astray, so if they come together with one hand, disperse, on the other side. By God, if someone allow their enemy to be overcome so that he pulls out the meat, bones crushed and peeled the skin off piece by piece, then it means that the helplessness of his great, and his heart was weak and confined to his chest! Sidranov morale on a business trip for a demonstration izbezumljenosti Bosniak elites, and the Bosniak people, just a few of the following examples. 1st Before the month is the largest living Bosnian poet and writer, and we thought the patriotic and moral pillar of Bosniaks - Abdulah Sidran, somewhere far, expressed a personal desire to re-establish cooperation with the largest Muslim traitor and Protuha E. Kusturica. Sidran is to have a miserable penzijicu (Bosniak vrhušci to shame!), And like many of his compatriots difficult making ends meet - and, though his statement near the (twenty miles) of its headquarters and Drvengrad &#39;Executioner&#39;s Apprentice&#39; and the possibility of starting a new joint film project with Kusturica, in fact, talking about the symbolic moral levity near the Bosnian poet, which is a little &#39;rumored&#39; re out of uniform shaded and forgotten patriots in Gorazde PROMECAM in a glorious and desirable multikulturalca.
 Sidran&#39;s worse than might be just another one again &#39;somewhere in the distant Europe&#39; supposedly the greatest living writer Dzevad Karahasan, who stated that &quot;Karadzic victim of history and that is manipulated.&quot; Karahasan, in fact, just grabbed the Western pattern by which the artist Muslims in the West can be observed only if the occasional &#39;lane&#39; something against Islam and Muslims and non Muslims if ordered praise. In this case it is not an amnesty but praise someone (Karadzic) who in Europe has such a status-criminal lunatics. But promućurni Karahasan knows that this statement was not annoyed Europeans, but more sustained their hearts: If he could grant amnesty to such terrible wicked of their own people, that just would not grant amnesty to &#39;our Islamophobia&#39; - rezonoski will conclude European ideologues. 2nd At recent gatherings with one high-ranking federal official, or from earlier well-known as a member of radical right wing of Bosnian politics, learns that he has recently been revised and how to leave national politics.
 I said to him: Behold, the national policy is not our choice, we are forced to it. Imagine the situation that we really give up all elements of national policy and accept the postulate of the former fraternity and unity, whether it had to change the attitudes surrounding the Serbs and Croats against us? It will not! A few years ago I attended a roundtable at the Bosniak Institute, where he held a superb Mark Oršolić fraternity-jedinstvujući speech; I said it then: It&#39;s great, but on condition that it can enter your discourse for at least another 100 000 Croats - otherwise, I do not know whom you are addressing, we Bosniaks are too in this course. Of course, it is clear where all the frequent shouts of the Bosniak intellectual elite: We do not need leaders, name does not need a national policy ... etc! - All this reflects the culmination of disappointments devastating results of the current policy of Bosniak political leaders. But such devastating results do not reflect the conduct of national policy, but rather a reflection of keeping any policy.
 All around us there while the nationalist wolves, and we must be committed nationally. Hazrat Ali said: &quot;If you are among wolves wolf, you will be eaten.&quot; Little Red Riding Hood and seven wolves third Bosnian intellectual and political leadership, adhering blindly continue slogans: Bosnians of all countries divide up!, Continues bratsvo-jedinstvujućim multi-cult course as if nothing is happening around. After Europe has abolished the &#39;close season&#39; destroyers of Bosnia, and the outright &#39;Kunt and panto&#39; kidisati went to the few remaining BH statehood - which is quite logical consequence of the resulting prosperity for awakening diverse BH satraps. So always kalkulantni and blackmailed the HDZ leader Covic ventured that all future political processes and changes in BiH stipulates third Croatian entity. After a shift at the helm of Zagreb, voices Herzegovina will be louder and more dangerous. Of course, bošnjačaka elites will realize, as do many times before, that she should have an umbrella just as well in gets soaked.
 Some ten days before Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan is expected to host a meeting SDA leader Sulejman Tihic, SBiH Haris Silajdzic and SDP BiH Zlatko Lagumdzija, with the aim of making the views of Bosniak parties in BiH is the intention of forming a coalition of Bosniak. Officially, the party leaders in the Anatolian city were invited to the event sheba Arus, which takes place every year in late December, held on the occasion of the death of Muhammad Džellaludina Mevlana Rumi. Unofficially, on the sidelines of the conference, was to hold a trilateral political meeting. SDA President Sulejman Tihic rejected the invitation, because he believes that meetings of this kind are not a solution for the country. &quot;I think it would go mono detrimental, ie, push water to the mill Covic and Dodik,&quot; said Tihic, and &quot;I&#39;m in the tribal divisions&quot; expressed his opinion Lagumdzija. Whereas, things are reversed, the said Bosnian duo confirmed that for unutarbošnjačku tribal division, while the Serbian and Croatian governments tribe full unity around the basic state-building issues.
 This is just the best show in the recently held election of mayors in Mostar, where Croatian tribe is unique, thanks to the abstention (Muslim) SDP-voices, again received a strategically important position of Mayor (Lj Beslic). Or, imagine our nearly mono-ethnic soccer team - that it is a case in which the said Bosnian duo drafted, it would probably be a national &#39;balanced&#39; - but what he looked like her game? On stage are fast tectonic political change, a relatively powerful Turkish diplomacy has tried to take us a bit by the hand and led through the &quot;forest&quot; full of wolves, but what to do with our little political &#39;crvenkapica&#39; which do not differ &#39;grandmother&#39; of &#39;wolf&#39;? Ibrahim AVDIĆ Posted by tasnimlejla at 15:18, 0 komentar (a), print, #
 