Analysts at Beltway almost agreed in saying that there could be uglier. With the unanimous rejection of the opposition, using the rarely used way of adoption of the Law, by the way, and controversial because it favors the party in power, along with prayers and promises, and officially signed concessions, Barack Obama won his first big home victory since 14 months before he entered the White house. The fact that six out of ten adult Americans &quot;have a bad opinion&quot; of the text of the law reform, and that the whole document (with its 2000 pages is greater than the Bible and of Tolstoy&#39;s War and Peace &quot;) are actually based on speculation when it mentions the price of 940 billion dollars over the next 10 years, not just talking about the bright future of this process. Mainly due to the fact that most of the law scheduled to take effect only 2014th year. Quite a number of those who warn that the rights of political struggle (which will include marketing and PR special war) just start happening.
 A day after the health reform in Congress turned on the green light, ten U.S. states have announced a lawsuit which will - on the basis of some constitutional postulates - challenge the congressional law and return it &quot;the beginning&quot;: the rewriting. At the end of the day, Washington analysts agree that the whole story on health reform was actually a way of Barack Obama to win and control the public and Congress. When he saw that things really will not pass, did not hesitate to ask for votes from their Democrats, explaining that his presidency would &quot;suffer a serious blow&quot; if the reform fails. When - on the day of voting - he realized that he still lacks the votes to pass (completed 119:112), signed the executive order ... After a year long public campaign for health reform, citizens are more than tired of everything that is related to it, but I can not wait for someone to finally do something in connection with a &quot;inconvenient&quot; state of the economy and standard of endangered U.S. citizens.
 This would be the latter - in the case osjetnijeg improvement - only could save the Democrats from the loss of a dominant position on Capitol Hill, during the next parliamentary elections in November this year. Health care reform is passed, but the few happy, still less the label of &quot;socialization of American society&quot; that the reform has brought with him on the American political stage. Therefore, if the Democrats do not soon succeed in the economy painted pink - confirmed by the survey - just voted health care reform could easily become Obama&#39;s political Waterloo. Obama assassination threatens U.S. Secret Service are investigating two Twitter users who are, apparently provoked by Obama&#39;s health care reform that Congress passed on this social network called for the murder of Barack Obama. - Assassination! America has survived the assassination of Lincoln and Kennedy. We will survive and shot in the head of Barack Obama - wrote a Twitter user who identifies himself as a conservative and an authentic African-American.
 Obama took 20 fountain pen to sign the reform of U.S. President Barack Obama today is a stroke of the pen activated greatest social reform undertaken in this country over the past decade. The project worth about 938 billion dollars in health insurance will be 32 million uninsured Americans, and he will also bring important changes in almost all U.S. citizens. Obama signed the document carefully and slowly, letter by letter, using a fountain pen 20 at a ceremony in the East Room White House surrounded by his colleagues - spokesperson for the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi, Democratic leader Harry Reid and other lawmakers who last year spent working on the reforms. Obama&#39;s aides said that the president share the 20 who used the pen signing a document as a souvenir. President&#39;s critics warn that the reform is too costly and too great a burden for the country in recession.
 