Sudan is a country in northeast Africa, on the surface of the first on the continent. At 853 km northeast out a long coastline on the Red Sea, and borders with the following countries: Contents [edit - edit] Geography The largest part of the country occupies a plateau (300 to 1000 m) which lies north-south cuts through the valley of the Nile River, which occurs when Khartoum joining White and Blue Nile. All rivers belong to the Sudan and the Nile Basin are used for irrigation, navigation and as a source of hydropower. In the north of the country are Libyan and Nubian deserts, almost no vegetation. On the southern stretch of tropical savannas and wetlands, and to the east, west and extreme south of the mountain. The highest point of land is 3187 m high Kinyeti. The climate is tropical in the south and the north of the hot desert. The main environmental problems are soil erosion and desertification. [Edit - edit] History Main article: History of Sudan in ancient times in the upper Nile valley, the area between the first and sixth cataracts and then called Nubia, and there were three Kushite kingdoms meroetska.
 For them the big impact made civilization ancient Egypt, with which they are often at odds, but also trade in and took her cultural heritage. In the third or fourth century, the area of Sudan has spread Christianity, but the mid-seventh Ages from the north comes Islam, which over the next 1000 years became a dominant religion. An important medieval kingdom of Sudan were Makurija and Senar. In 1820th Sudan is the ruler of neighboring Egypt. The Egyptian government, especially the abolition of slavery, an attempt in the second half of the 19th century, which had supported the Western colonial powers, caused great dissatisfaction with the Sudanese and the 1885 outbreak of the rebellion led by Mohammed Ahmed - The Mahdi who, after initial crowned with great success by winning Khartoum 1885th and the establishment of the state still stifled by the victory of the British Army 1898th Formal condominium Great Britain and Egypt, Sudan has been under de facto administration of Britons who have shared the progressive Arab north and African south, which is left to the Christian missionaries.
 A year before independence 1956th in the south of the civil war broke out because of dissatisfaction with local Christians, Muslims, hegemony in the political and economic life of the country. The peace agreement is reached 1972nd After 17 years fighting, but war broke out again 1983rd After the abolition of the autonomy of the south agreed to introduce elements of Sharia law in Sudan. Since independence, Sudan, are mostly dominated military officers who came to power in coup. General Omar el Bashir came to power in 1989 coup and won election to the 1995th Omar el Bashir was the second time elected President of 30.12. 2000 Sudan and pledged to continue efforts for establishing peace in a country where around two million people died in clashes in the civil war, or died of starvation. During the 1990s here is his base had Osama bin Laden. Year 2003. fought the pro-government Janjaweed militia and non-Arab Islamic guerrillas in the eastern province of Darfur.
 [Edit - edit] Population Population Pyramids Sudan According to a census in 1981. population was 21 million. Because of civil war since then lists are not enforced, according to estimates from 2003. Sudan has had 38 million inhabitants. The population is rapidly growing in the wider area of the capital Khartoum (Omdurman Khartoum-Khartoum-North), in which lives of 6-7 million people, including 2 million refugees from areas south of the country affected by conflict and agricultural zones affected by drought. Sudan is strongly marked by the presence of two different cultural traditions - the Arab north and African south. Within each of these there are hundreds of ethnic, tribal and language groups makes it extremely effective mutual cooperation. Most of the countries occupying the northern province which is the most urban središta.Stanovnici northern Sudan are mostly Arabs, about 50%, in the east live Bedzaji about 6%, along the Nile in northern Nubian live about 8% in the west live Furi about 2% The population speaks Arabic atakodjer speak up and many domestic jezici.Arapi penetrated the Court of Egypt since the seventh century and gradually assimilated ethnic and linguistic natives.
 South of the tenth parallel, this great country is mostly populated nations race Negroid group Nile Dinka people that are 11%, neuro 5%, 3% Azande, Siluh Bari and 2% 2%. These groups are characterized by very high growth, dealing mainly stoccarstvom and ribolovom.Religija: Vrecina about 70% of the population are Sunni muslimanai, Islam is prevalent in northern and central parts of the country, the rest of the population are numerous in the animist south, about 10% are Christians (Roman Catholics, 2 million, 1.2 million Anglicans, Protestants 400 000, Copts 20 000) also in the south. Most of the population is concentrated in the Nile valley and its tributaries. Particularly high population density in the main cotton area of the country, the northern part of the interfluve White and Blue Nile. Desert regions to the north and northwest are almost uninhabited. Besides the capital city agglomeration size is said to Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast.
  