In Cuba, 95 percent of employees working in state enterprises. Last year, the unemployment rate was 1.7 percent but none in previous years was much higher - rarely more than 3 percent. On the other hand we must point out that jobs in state enterprises in Cuba is extremely underpaid. Many Cubans for example, earn no more than 15 euros a month. In line with earnings, of course, and motivation to work is extremely low, a famous Cuban proverb that says: &quot;The state pretends to pay us, so we pretend to work&quot;. As for Deutsche Welle, said journalist and biographer of Fidel Castro, Volker Skierka, &quot;the productivity of Cuba today is the same as that of 1989. year. Today, this country has to import for example, even though coffee is just Cuba was one of the largest exporters of this beverage. &quot;Agriculture is now no longer able to feed the inhabitants of this country and Cuba a year for about $ 2.5 billion has to buy food abroad, primarily in the U.S.,&quot; says Skierka.
 On the other hand, says this expert, the cash sum for a country like Cuba is currently simply much too high, so consequently the political leadership decided that it would have to &quot;cut&quot;, ie, eliminate jobs. &quot;Since when is this news spread to the public, many fear is caught, which is understandable, although the very fact that each individual job guarantees one of the main achievements of the revolution from 1959. year, &quot;says journalist Volker Skierka. Cuba has a true 11.2 million inhabitants, of which nearly 5.1 million people in one way or another employed. However, that work there are not enough for such a large number of employees, meanwhile, admits that even the political leadership of the country. &quot;We know that several hundred thousand people enrolled in the workbook, even though as a labor force completely useless. According to some experts, this figure is far higher and even closer to one million, &quot;he said, Raul Castro.
 He was four years ago took the position of head of state rather than his ailing brother Fidel. In this sense, in Cuba it was rumored that even one quarter of employees could lose their previous job. Would be banned in this case, &quot;it moved&quot; somewhere else, for example, the village where they worked in agriculture or get a new job at a construction site. Compared to the previous, this year&#39;s sugar production fell by about 850,000 tons. This data is daunting, especially if it is known that it was the sugar production in Cuba for years been the world&#39;s first manufacturer of these basic foods. Besides the general crisis that prevails in this island which is surely also played a major role in reducing production, the collapse of the Cuban sugar caused the price decline and certainly these foods in the world market and fail so. Eastern bloc. However, as in sugar production, the situation appears in many other industries in this country.
 Just last year, Cuba is visited by around 2.5 million tourists, among which the largest number of Canadians (about 900,000), followed by Britons (172 000) and Spain (130,000). Given that Cuba desperately needed foreign exchange, each tourist has when entering and leaving the country to pay additional fees in the amount of 40 euros. Since May this year, in addition, there is a rule that anyone who wants to visit this island must bring proof of health insurance for the conclusion of the travel time. Those who fail to do in your country, you will, of course, for a certain amount of this insurance to buy in Cuba. But, despite the large number of users or the industry say the situation is not great and the fact that during the calmer summer months, when in Cuba does not come as tourists, workers in hotels and restaurants forced to &quot;go home&quot;. &quot;Then of course we do not get any salary, which is especially difficult,&quot; says one chef in the tourist center of Varadero and that for security reasons, or fear of the restrictions to remain anonymous.
 Storms that were in 2008. The afflicted and swept Cuba have caused damage in the millions. At the same time the world is struck by the economic and financial crisis. Based on these two factors, the Cuban gross national income incurred a deficit of around 5 percent, which resulted among other things, had to make this country was no longer able to repay their debts - such as China. Although their expenditure must be cut in many ways, including the import of foodstuffs and other goods needed for life for a third, the government in Havana and is considering further steps of savings and reform. This would primarily apparently should be modified in the labor market. Otherwise, Cuba soon could really fall under the bankruptcy.
 