In Flanders the parties to strive for independence could get about 40 percent of the vote, which will certainly make it difficult to form a government in which to participate and Francophone parties from southern frankfone region Wallonia and bilingual Brussels. After the last elections in June 2007. it took nine months to put together a new government. But polls show a large number of undecided. Although voting is compulsory in Belgium it is estimated that 10 percent will go to the polls. Neizlazak to vote is punishable by from 25 to 50 euros, and those who repeatedly violate this commitment can pay up to 125 euros. On frankofonoj side in Wallonia, the ankatema highest number of votes, about 30 percent should get the Socialist Party (PS), while in the region bruxelleskoj Favorites liberals (MR) and their partners Francophone Democratic federalists (FDF), the party that occupies the loudest Rights frankofonog population in the vicinity of Brussels.
 The polling stations were opened at 8 am, and close to 13 hours. First results are expected in about 18 hours. Elections are conducted by the proportional electoral system for 150 seats in the lower parliamentary house. In Belgium, there are no parties to compete at the state level, so that these two parallel elections. Flemish parties are competing in Flanders, a frakofone in Wallonia and in Brussels and the surrounding area voters can choose one or the other. The country is divided into 11 electoral districts - five each in Flanders and Wallonia and Brussels regions. Each of these constituencies, which gives the number of seats proportional to population. The main stumbling block in the electorate Belgium Bruxelles-Hal-Vilvord, so. BHV. Region capital Brussels, which forms the 19 municipalities and is one of three federal units, and 35 municipalities in Flanders at the border with the Brussels region, the only area in Belgium where it is carried out by the end of linguistic demarcation.
 About 100-150000 francophone residents living in 35 municipalities in Flanders, which rely on Brussels in which the official language is Dutch. These municipalities have a special status, which allows people with local government and the courts are able to communicate in French, and the election may vote for Francophone parties. Most Flemish parties and public opinion in Flanders seeks to divide BHV electoral district, that is to separate these 35 municipalities of Brussels, which would Francophone population lost their rights has now. Francophone population not opposed to a priori division of the electoral district BHV, but in turn requires expansion of the Brussels region of the boundary municipalities where the Francophone population has already become the majority, which would be the capital city and territory merged with the southern region of Wallonia, which is the official language French.
 