Nigeria is a country in West Africa. In the south exit to the Gulf of Guinea, which is part of the Atlantic Ocean. In the west it borders with Benin, Niger to the north, the northeast with Čadom and on the east by Cameroon. Nigeria&#39;s per capita by far Africa&#39;s largest country. Contents [edit] History The first known civilization in the Nigerian field was that people who Nok than 500 pr. Kr. to 200 sent Kr. living on the Jos Plateau, and the degree of development belong to the Iron Age. Northern Nigeria is the ninth century, during the more than 600 years dominated the trading empire of Kanem-Born, based around Lake Chad. His power is based on prekosaharskoj trade with the North African Berbers. In the early 19th century Islamic reformer Usman dan Fodio subjected to controlling much of the Fulani people of Nigeria&#39;s north. From 15 to 17 century in the southwest of the developed nations Yoruba kingdom of Oyo, a kingdom in the southeast of Benin Edo people.
 European traders in the period from 17 to 19 century to establish a bank becomes the slave trade, which are transported to the Americas. In the 19th century the slaves as the main commodity exchanged in other goods, such as palm oil. At the turn of the 19th the 20th century the area was colonized Nigeria, United Kingdom, over the splitting into northern and southern Nigeria. Both colonies were united 1914th Britons were left to local leaders of major powers, especially in the Islamic north, while the Christianized south, and to some extent Europeanised, which is favorable to economic development and made the South richer, and its people better educated. After the Second World War, Britain was in response to the growing Nigerian nationalism began transferring power to local people within the federal structure of antagonism caused by the large number of ethnic groups and two major religions, Christianity and Islam.
 In 1960. country became an independent federation of three regions that have retained a large degree of self-government. In 1966. in the country have been two successive coups in which the dominance of military officers took over, first from the south, and then from the north country. Shortly thereafter, the southeastern region where the majority of Igbo people did, subjected to persecution in the north, declared independence as the Republic of Biafra, which started three and a half civil war, Biafra was the major casualties defeated. In the seventies in Nigeria began extracting oil, but revenue from its sales have not significantly contributed to improving the living standards of the majority population. Since 1970. 1998. the authorities have replaced the corrupt military and civilian governments. Particularly notorious was the regime of General Sani Abacha (1993rd-1998th) during which they were executed numerous political opponents, among them the well-known journalist Ken Saro-Wiwa.
 After Abachine death were held free presidential elections, won by President Olusegun Obasanjo. In late May 2007. year, held after the elections, the president of Nigeria Umaru Yar&#39;Adua has become. [Edit] Geography Map of Nigeria on the north and south are plains and hilly areas, occupies the central part of the Jos plateau, while in the east of Cameroon continues Adamwa plateau where the highest peak, Dimlang (2042 m). Nigeria&#39;s main rivers are the Niger, by which the country is named, and the Benue, its left tributary. Most of Benuea buoyant, as well as the lower course of the Niger, which empties into the Gulf of Guinea delta, the largest in Africa. The largest cities are former capital Lagos, Ibadan, Port Harcourt, Kano and the capital Abuja, with whose construction began in the 1970s. [Edit] Current Population Nigerian border arrangements were determined in 19 European countries century and does not coincide with ethnic, religious or linguistic divisions so that Nigeria is among the ethnic costumes from countries around the world with approximately 250 people.
 The largest groups are: the northern Hausa-Fulani (29%), mostly Muslims, in southwestern Yoruba (21%) majority of Christians, with some Muslim and animist, and the southeastern Igbo (Ibo, 18%), Christians. Hausa language belongs to the Afro-azijatskoj language family whose members and as Berber and Semitic languages, while languages are Yoruba and Igbo in the Benue-kongoanskoj group of Niger-Congo family. The largest religious community in the country are Christians (49%) of which 12% Catholic, 26% Protestant, 9% African Christians and 2% Copts, Muslims (45%) and the rest were members of local faith. In recent years, religious differences come to the fore, particularly in the north where some federal units introduced in whole or in part, the Islamic sharia law. [Edit] Languages of Nigeria on the Nigeria recognized the 527 individual languages, of which 514 live, 11 is missing (dead) and two nematerinska, which speak only as second languages.
   