This is especially important for advertisers, so it is expected that the global TV advertising market is worth around 180 billion dollars, while a separate online at 63 billion U.S. dollars. In Croatia, watching television an average of 327 minutes per day. Total revenue for advertising in 2010. will increase two percent, of which half will relate to television. Online advertising will grow, and until 2011. could reach a total double-digit share. That segment of advertising in the media sector has lost at least revenue in 2009., And only 5 percent. For online advertising in Croatia refers to only 3 percent of the total amount of advertising, and last year the sector had 10.2 million euros in advertising revenues. Deloitte announces the growth of this segment at a rate of 17 percent annually. &quot;Online is becoming increasingly attractive to advertisers because the return on investment better than other media,&quot; they pointed out in the Deloitte and important issue that is very easy to measure the impact of advertising.
 Online advertising offers the ability to accurately measure the number of consumers of the number of &#39;hits&#39; which is very attractive to advertisers. Problem online sector is offering free content, which proved to be unprofitable. It is difficult, says Ljuština, or impossible to charge for content because of the way of consuming information. &#39;Online consumption is active, seek the information while taking print edition readers when they want to spend the time, &quot;says Ljuština. He warned that a negative spiral in the media where they are, so called, happens &#39;cannibalization&#39; house, where the same news online service developed to such an extent that the print edition is no longer relevant. &quot;People who consume media, regardless of the freedom of the program continues to consume what they are served,&quot; he said and added that the media remain the primary distribution of broadcast content. However, television and the Internet have a common future, according to Deloitte so expect to be in 2010.
 intensify the convergence of the two media, where its internet television service, or portals, improve and respond to user requests. Digitizing is extremely important as the homes of consumers entering more modern devices. Problem connecting to media compatibility is content that is published on the Internet and television, when talking about the image format. Consumers want to combine the Internet and television, where it opens up a whole new paradigm in advertising. New market niches are sure the e-books, e-readers. U 2010. It is expected that their number will grow to as many as 5 million, will buy 100 million e-books and make 1.5 billion dollars. www.seebiz.eu
 