The project to construct student-dormitory and zone Korenovo key programs of the City in 2011. George Adlešič year sent a clear message to the Minister Suker and the majority HDZ, no money for Bjelovar no support in Parliament if the state budget does not incorporate initial investment for construction of student-dormitory and arranging the necessary documentation to work in a business zone Korenovo not raise hand-passing the new state budget - was confirmed by MP George Adlešič who along with Mayor Anthony Korusce key projects presented by the City plans to implement next year. The expected state aid that must be supported by the Ministry of Finance expected that next year should provide about five million to begin construction of a new building of the House apartamnskog type with 240 beds, estimated at 45 million. In the project of raising standards of student-student City of Bjelovar in preparing the necessary documentation and land so far invested about eight million.
 It is similar future business Korenovo zone, where the words of Mayor Anthony Korušec already purchased about 140 acres of land, while following the tendering for the sale of nine pitches in the zone Lepirac for whose purchase has already run several bidders. - Despite the crisis, we want to implement these projects with the support of the Government over the next year, not to prove their own appetites, but because it is a part of the city&#39;s needs in education, but also further development of entrepreneurship by supporting wholeheartedly - he Korušec. Water supply and sanitation among the programs that will run for the money of Croatian Waters, is the construction of sewerage network connecting the crane to the city, for whose completion will be three more, and the city has so far invested eight million kuna, and water supply systems in rural Brezovac, New Pavljani, Galovac and Obrovnica whose inhabitants who are mostly engaged in cattle breeding during the summer heat by going out of the water from their wells.
 Every vote is important ten days before the budget vote, hit by numerous scandals HDZ carefully summarized and keeps your hand in support of the Croatian Parliament. F.. Adlesic, it is obvious at the time recognized the opportunity that the project Bjelovarska iskamči five million kuna.Oni will certainly be included in the budget, but the question remains later realization. Because we are witnesses to the highway and got the green light, but empty exchequer has halted all work. (Is) All eyes in the Minister Suker According to some critics of city government to delay the realization of individual pledges attributed megalomania behind which is concealed by empty campaign promises, the fact remains that the city government committed to the Waiver of the key projects. So it is quite realistic to expect the skilled lobbying from the state budget yet to reach the Kuna in Bjelovar. Th. Rosić ros@bjelovarac.hr
 