Hungary hopes to finish construction of the dam on Tuesday, which should retain the toxic sludge that poured out after a ruptured tank in western Hungary. Use the Adobe Flash Player 8 For more advanced options for viewing video please install the Adobe Flash Player 9 Adobe Flash Player 9 can be downloaded here Loading ... Add video to your blog effects of pollution in the sludge in Hungary Hungary (Photo: Dnevnik.hr) Approximately one million cubic meters of toxic sludge by-product of aluminum production, leaked last Monday from a tank factory to produce aluminum and submerged villages and polluted rivers in the west of Hungary . The accident that killed seven people were injured 123, a polluted and the rivers that flow into the Danube. One person still missing. Because of liability for spills of hazardous sludge was arrested Zoltan Bakonyij, director of the factory was small and the Hungarian government said it will be responsible for the unprecedented environmental catastrophe have to bear all consequences, including financial.
 The factory was nationalized temporarily until the investigation is complete. Otherwise, in Hungary, came today, and experts from the European Union that will help prevent further environmental disasters. &#39;We hope that the dam would be completed by Tuesday, &quot;said a spokesman for the Hungarian Prime Minister Peter Szijjarto the TV2 television station on Monday. &#39;At the scene for 4000 people and 300 machines, which means that we do everything we can to prevent another tragedy. &quot; New outpouring of mud threatens Kopacki Rit outpouring of new wave of toxic sludge could lead to danger and the situation in our Kopacki Rit Nature Park. &#39;New spills would really be a disaster, and we hope that this will not happen. However, we monitor the situation, contact the appropriate authorities and we consider all possible scenarios, &quot;said the chief supervisor of the Kopacki Rit Damien Iris, who confirmed the possibility of closing five channels through which water from the Danube comes to Kopacki rit.
 However, even this would not prevent an ecological catastrophe. &#39;If the toxic sludge, however appeared in the Danube River, it would be a great disaster for all flora and fauna. The entire ecosystem of the river would be destroyed and on for many years. When the poison reaches the place where he is, he destroys everything in its way, &quot;said Iris. &gt;&gt; The second spill of toxic sludge can be prevented! A spokesman for the Hungarian Emergency Tibor Dobson said the evacuated residents of nearby villages Kolontar must still remain in temporary accommodation. &#39;They are still not able to return home, although construction of the dam is progressing well and nearly 70 percent completed, &quot;said Dobson for TV2. Kolontar was evacuated Saturday when cracks appeared in the northern walls of the tank, which is why there was a possibility of another spill of toxic red mud. However, last check, &quot;said Dobson on Monday, show that the crack has not spread.
 (REUTERS / EF) News / World VIDEO: Miracle survived a terrible crash 12.11.2010 / 11:01 Americans tested the cannon that fires a projectile with speed ... 12.11.2010 / 10:41 survived fall from 12th floors and charged with attempted suicide ... 12.11.2010 / 08:15 Richard Holbrooke ended up in hospital, 11.12.2010 / 07:27 Sculpture 4400 years old sold for $ 16,800,000 10.12.2010 / 22:22 Damaged cruise ship happily sailed to Argentina, 10.12.2010 / 21:01 Share Leave a comment
 