19/11/2010 Athens had promised on Thursday that will make new cuts to meet targets agreed with the EU and the IMF. (Bloomberg, The Irish Times - 19/11/10, Reuters, AP, AFP, FT, The Wall Street Journal, BBC, ANA-MPA - 18/11/10) The Greek government plans to cut its budget for 2011. year for another 5 billion euros. [Reuters] Greece on Thursday (November 18th) presented the final draft budget for 2011. year, promising further austerity measures to meet the requirements related to financial assistance package totaling 110 billion euros as are approved by the IMF and the EU. The need to further reduce state spending has emerged after a review of public deficit countries in 2009. year by Eurostat, the Statistical Office of the EU, which on Monday showed that it amounted to 15.4 percent of GDP, not 13.6 percent as once thought. This is a &quot;changed the starting point,&quot; said Prime Minister George Papandreou at a cabinet meeting on Thursday.
 Based on the first draft budget for 2011. year, made last month, Greece is planning to cut its budget deficit to 2.2 billion euros next year. However, new figures released this week forced the government to consider a larger reduction in order to fulfill its obligations towards the EU and the IMF. Ministry of Finance said it aims to reduce the budget gap for the 5 billion to 17 billion euros in 2011th year, or 7.4 percent of GDP. On the basis of agreement on a package of financial assistance, the public deficit countries in 2010. was supposed to be about 8 percent. However, data released Thursday showed that it is expected that he will be much higher, with forecasts is 9.4 percent of GDP. In an attempt to meet targets for 2011. year agreed with the EU and the IMF, the Greek ruling PASOK party plans to increase VAT rate from 11 to 13 percent, reduce the cost of government, healthcare and defense sectors, as well as the nominal freeze pensions.
 The government also promises a significant reduction in costs for salaries and utility companies that produce losses and also reinforce the fight against tax evasion. &quot;This is a complicated calculation, which continues the direction of the previous year, which continue efforts after the country can no longer obtain loans from the market and which seeks to increase employment and maintaining growth,&quot; said Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou. According to the final draft budget for next year, predicted a reduction of economic activity by 4.2 percent in 2010. and 3 per cent in 2011. year, instead of 2.6 percent as projected last month. According to Greece&#39;s national news agency ANA-MPA, the expectations of the government that the country will record a positive growth of 1.1 percent of GDP in 2012. and 2.1 percent of GDP next year. Figures in the draft budget also shows an expected rise in unemployment from 12.1 percent this year to 14.6 percent of the 2011th
 , and Papaconstantinou said on Thursday acknowledged that while it was not her goal, the government could be forced to reduce the number of jobs in the public sector. &quot;To reduce the deficit in the state-owned enterprises, you must either increase revenue or reduce costs,&quot; said Papaconstantinou, and transmits AP. &quot;We do not move with plans to cut jobs, but everyone (public company) will be considered on an individual basis.&quot; In an attempt to encourage tourism revenue, a key sector of the Greek economy, the government has decided to almost halve the rate of VAT on tourism services, from the current 11 percent to 6.5 percent. Similar articles Loading &quot;We have not won the battle, but we are now in a better position to deal with real problems ... wasteful government, troubled state companies and tax evasion,&quot; Papaconstantinou said at a news conference after submitting the budget to parliament, Reuters reported.
 He said that concrete measures to prevent evasion of taxes will be communicated later this month. The budget of the country for 2011. years will be placed on the final vote in parliament 22nd December and is expected to be adopted simply because PASOK has a majority in parliament. In the meantime, public sector employees are planning a 24-hour general strike a week before the vote, to protest planned austerity measures, and will probably join them servants of the public sector, writes Reuters. &quot;Our fears were confirmed,&quot; the statement said Yannis Panagopoulos, president of the GSEE private sector union, says the agency. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 