Why do most of the intelligence and policy, both HDZ and SDP, not responding to Israeli attacks on Gaza? - Because it operates a mechanism of moral, intellectual blackmail of any criticism of Israeli policy as an alleged anti-Semitism. People are afraid of the blackmail and then silent about what might be their conviction on improper actions of the Israeli state. But it is clear that one thing is attitude toward the Israeli government policy, and the other is a matter of attitude towards the Jewish people. As a matter of attitude and policy toward the United States in Vietnam and the sixties of Bush in Iraq today, and quite another thing applies to the American people. And so they could go to infinity with a listing of differences with regard to Stalinism and the Russians, French people and French policy in Algeria in the fifties ... However, state policy is very concerned to ignore this distinction to any criticism of the government attributed to hatred of people who live in this country, and this is especially true for Israel and Israelis over the still hot memories of the tragedy of the Holocaust.
 So it would be particularly valuable to hear the critical voice of the Jews, especially intellectuals, who are not subject to the above-mentioned moral and intellectual blackmail, according to Israeli government policy in relation to the Palestinians. What aspects of Israeli policy towards Palestinians consider problematic? - This is primarily a historical injustice of ethnic displacement of Palestinians from the largest part of the former Palestine within the borders of 1947. year. The present territory of Israel is 70 percent of former Palestine, while a possible future Palestinian state consisting of Gaza Cisjordanije and the rest had 30 percent of former Palestine. In those 70 percent of Israeli territory inhabited by more than four million Jews and millions of Palestinians who remained in Israel, while 30 percent of the territories that were intended for Palestinian state should live all other Palestinians, around four million, when summing up the present inhabitants of Gaza , Cisjordanije and refugees from various refugee camps in the Middle East.
 What is more than a hundred Jewish colonies in Cisjordaniji? - This is another big problem, because the basic injustice of the unequal distribution of territory 70 to 30 for the Jewish minority and the majority of Palestinians, and now we still have this difficulty to Cisjordaniji, as the main territory of the eventual Palestinian state, as a result of systematic government policy of settling for more lives of 300 000 Jewish column, distributed in more than a hundred colonies built by premrežuju this territory that he can not even imagine, let alone operate as a separate Palestinian units. Where then is the rational solution to the conflict of Palestinians and Jews? - Theoretical and moral solution is obvious: if the Palestinians leaves only 30 percent of the original territory of Palestine, and that means only Cisjordanija and Gaza, it would be for them might be acceptable, true heavy heart, because they were expelled from their djedovskih space, just under three conditions.
 And these are the three conditions that a reasonable Palestinians, led by the Fatah party, rather than Hamas, are looking for. First, to disband the Jewish colonies in Cisjordanije to get at least those Palestinians 30 percent of its territory. Second, to facilitate the return of millions of Palestinian refugees and displaced persons in previous wars and spread across the Middle East, and this return would not necessarily supposed to be mostly in the areas Cisjordanije, partly perhaps in the Israel, where possible. Third, to find a just solution for the city of Jerusalem, which the strategy of the state of Israel should belong exclusively to Israel, which would be the third great injustice in the Israeli-Palestinian relations. The most rational solution would be to Jerusalem, a city which, otherwise, the Palestinian territories Cisjordanije split into two parts, the specific declarations of multinational and multivjerskim center. If it does not get done, then the eventual Palestinian state was not torn into two parts, the Cisjordaniju and Gaza, but would itself Cisjordanija was torn into two parts - which would indeed be impossible caricature of the state.
 What is the obstacle to such a complex solution? - There are two obstacles, such as the two terrorist activity in that area. One obstacle to Palestinian extremist Hamas with its terrorism, and the other is an obstacle to Israel&#39;s nationalist government policy with its state terrorism. Because neither Hamas nor the Israeli radicals do not agree to the above rational solution, to which port the Palestinian autonomous government of Mahmud Abbas. And on the Palestinian and Israeli politicians largely depends whether the public opinion on both sides to give such a solution. As it depends on the policy of the United States and the European Union that such a relatively fair compromise declares the only prerequisite for the ultimate peace between Jews and Palestinians, and the final cessation of terrorism from both sides. Does not make you cynical allegations of threats of Israeli state? Israel is still a nuclear power. - Yes, constantly emphasizes the vulnerability state of Israel, thereby justifying the ways of war and what we recently had.
 But this fear is entirely unjustified today: Israel is one of the few nuclear powers in the world today. Israel has a U.S. ally, and in some way and the EU. Israel is the most powerful military force in the entire Middle East. And finally, Israel has the largest financial resources in the region. Refute the existence of Israel today only the Muslim extremists from Hamas, the Iranian president, but they are completely powerless to make their threats. Objectively speaking, the greatest danger to Israel, the Israeli radical nationalists themselves who are unable to carry out a fair compromise with the desperate neighbors. Will there be changes at the head of America&#39;s impact on this crisis? - Obama could be a decisive factor in finding a peaceful solution to the conflict, but I am afraid that he will be very difficult. What is the difference between Terrorisms that you mentioned? - We can not declare the terrorists only one who is morally inadmissible violent manner, with the sacrifice of civilians, attacking government policy, whether Bush, Israel and Turkey, and the last I think the Kurdish resistance movement whose ethnic problem no less dramatic than the Palestinian, and was named Terrorist Kurds and no one recognizes the right of the state.
 Terrorism to call and government authorities who are charged with their opponents also ruthlessly sacrificing civilians - as Americans are doing in Iraq and Afghanistan and as for the state of Israel with the Palestinians in a way that sacrifices in war are equally or even more civilian casualties as collateral from so-called armed enemy. Collateral victims are still extremely scandalous information and argument. Can no longer agree to be 15 days of bombing Gaza, Hamas hail with a score of 1400 killed and wounded thousands of Palestinians, and that since it is more than half of the civilians and 430 children. It is no longer war, it is state terrorism. Terrorism is when Hamas hail rockets targeting Jewish settlements and on civilians, although, fortunately, its 800 missiles did not kill or twenty people. Thus, there was neefikasniji Palestinian terrorism and Israeli state terrorism is more effective.
 Can you draw parallels is the recent conflicts in our region. Reminds us all that the excessive shelling of Knin? - Of course it reminds me with what was in Knin was much less victims, and where both sides claim to have targeted only military targets. Of course, Hamasovci mixed with civilians, but the city of Gaza and some one million inhabitants is not very convenient for avoiding interference. Especially when you are shooting at and phosphorus bombs. What do you think, whether because some Israeli Ante Gotovina and some Israeli politicians end up in The Hague? - Oh, give. Haag is unfortunately only for the Balkans and the Rwandans. Do you agree with the assessment that the Israeli crimes in Gaza incomparable with the Holocaust? - I agree. The difference is in the nature of the crime. Bit Nazi policy was the extermination of the Jewish people, while Israeli politics seeks to exterminate the Palestinian people. One thing is for extermination, and the other factual or planned ethnic cleansing.
 One was the extermination of the peace era, and the second is ethnic cleansing in the war. Israel admits that part of the territory belongs to the Palestinians. The difference in numbers is, of course - in the Nazi pogrom has killed about six million Jews, and here is much less. It seems to you that in all of this stuff has the abuse of a Holocaust memorial in conflict with the Palestinians? - There is a misuse of the Holocaust. The Holocaust never be forgotten, to the horror with which the Jewish people and the whole world is always live, but I think the misuse of the Holocaust when it is used for the supposed resolution of current political problems in the Middle East in terms of when the Jewish people, it no longer threatens danger which he threatened Europe in the mid-20th century.
 