Surprised Israel plans to build new settlements and new violence in the Palestinian territories, in Moscow on Friday called convene. Four of the Middle East, consisting of representatives of EU, U.S., Russia and the UN, reports Deutsche Welle. Minister of Foreign Affairs of the EU and Catherine Ashton, Minister of Hillary Clinton, Russian Minister Sergei Lavrov and representatives of UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon and the Special Representative for the Middle East Tony Blair, trying to encourage Israelis and Palestinians to new peace talks. As stated by the U.S. State Department, will show four &quot;international support&quot; direct negotiations. Palestinians last week withdrew from direct negotiations after Israel during visit by U.S. Vice President Joe Biden has announced the construction of 1600 new dwellings in the occupied eastern part of Jerusalem. In the night from Thursday to Friday (18./19.3.) Israeli warplanes attacked targets in the Gaza Strip.
 Prior to that, the Palestinian militant rocket attack in an Israeli border village killed a worker. Quartet for Middle East has announced that peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians should result in agreement within 24 months. It was after the Quartet meeting today (19.3.) In Moscow, said UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon. He said that this agreement ended &quot;the occupation which began in 1967th and resulted in the emergence of an independent, credible and democratic Palestinian State in peace and security of living next to Israel and other neighbors.&quot; The Quartet urged Israel to &quot;freeze&quot; all of its activities around the settlement. He criticized the recent announcement that Israel will build a new Jewish settlement in East Jerusalem. Annexation of East Jerusalem is not recognized by the international community, &quot;said UN Secretary-General after the meeting. Palestinians have welcomed condemnation of Israeli plans to build new settlements, while the Israeli side commented that the sentence is reduced possibility of achieving a peace agreement.
 But no attack Palestinian militants did not remain without an official condemnation of quadruplets. European Foreign Affairs Minister Catherine Ashton has just been there to visit the Gaza Strip yesterday, when (18.3.) Palestinian rockets fell on a nearby kibbutz and killed by Thai workers.
 