Chaos in Paradise By Krešimir Raguž Imagine that farmers in Beli Manastir, potato growers in the Lower Lapac and fishermen from Cres, backed by General Kruljac say, crucify their tents between Ilica, Flower Square and the Theatre, barricaded himself and stay there for weeks. First, the police beat, then the military reinforcements throwing Molotov cocktails and bombs. Require elections, ie the return to power, Ivo Sanader. Or Damir Polancec. The Army finally broke them, but they&#39;re in the breakup of their own systems without burn Namu in Ilica, building RTL, a few banks along the way and the ZSE. Their colleagues in Split Banovinu, and those in Osijek razlupaju harder. All this, of course, as part of the requirements for the elections, democracy and the amnesty of some &#39;innocent&#39; politicians. Brutality on the other hand is nothing less. Sniper &#39;fix&#39; of generals but the first day of the demonstration, soldiers shooting at children and women, a power which it has also sent a thick layer of butter on his head.
 Is steeped in corruption to its very essence of democracy, so do not think unless she is in favor. For instance before the cameras CNN. Transferred about 10,000 kilomet east, of course, with other persons and victims, just like this happening in recent weeks in Thailand. While the whole world today story about the conflicts that shake the ground there are few who are true and understand. And how should they when the only thing they can think without the name of this tourist destination &#39;country smile. &quot; Buddhist gentleness, and heavenly beaches, interesting food, massage parlors and prostitution, whose share in GDP is about 3 percent of the country (it is considered that ten percent of their tourist money, or at least 5.5 billion dollars annually ends up in this business) from Thailand were created one of the most desirable vacation spots in the world. I kind of conflict now - are probably asking half of Western civilization that has been there for his planned next year.
 What farmers from the north of Chiang Maija, Sukhumvit Road, Lumpini Park, General Khattiya Sawasdipol? About 800 wounded and 40 dead soldiers and demonstrators ... and saves the holiday of your dreams. How much for an introductory comparison may have been inadequate, but necessary to facilitate understanding, so the next will be even more brutal accurate; prostitution. The oldest profession in its Thai version, no doubt explains the best division in the host society. The division between rich and poor. Official data says that in Thailand, 2 percent of the economic elite realizes 80 percent of GDP. Something is middle class in cities that support their heads out of those 2 percent. First they have millions and billions of dollars. Others are happy with salaries that range 400-2000 per month. Everything else is the poor who live on less than 500 kuna per month. So the forced prostitution of pennies for another massage there accumulated less &#39;white trash&#39; or almost anything to work in fields that make Thailand the first rice exporter in the world.
 They are where we are talking about the protesters &#39;red shirts&#39; or members of UDD-a - the United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship. They are one hundred thousand a month ago shed his own blood in the streets, and so symbolically not only asked for early elections, but also predicted the fate that was about 3000 most persistent in this Wednesday struck a broken camp. It is absurd, their informal leader of the richest in the world, Thai, former prime minister and now a citizen of Montenegro, Thaksin Shinawatra. The telecommunications tycoon (weighing about 8 billion dollars of which two are still blocked in Thailand) became prime minister in elections in 2001. year. Democratic, direct and open voting there was only introduced four years earlier. How is Thailand since 1985. until 1996. had the fastest growing economy in the world with average annual bounded ahead by 9.4 percent, and then therefore challenged the great Asian economic collapse of 1997th, Thaksin is due to repeated recovery of the economy (new growth of between 4 and 7 percent annually) perceived as the Messiah.
 His measures have even dubbed the &#39;Thaksinomija&#39;. As a wise populist most benefited the poor, ie the most numerous class Thais which according to the latest census, about 70 million. He ruled ruthlessly and have arisen against him &quot;yellow shirts&quot;, the demonstrators who are using this color symbolized loyalty to the king from the ninth Chakri dynasty, Bhumibol Adulyadej. And there&#39;s no doubt that the floating pleasure constitutional monarchy with an old, sick and longest-running reign in the world, uncontrolled ogrezao Thaksin of corruption. However, in a nonviolent coup in late 2006. dropped because of something else. - How the King was very ill, was not clear who will succeed him, and not even known today, but when you die, the queen is scared Thaksin power. While he was out of the country she has organized a coup, not the opposition that it is misunderstood. At the prime minister was appointed royal adviser, General Surayud Chulanont, which proves the claim.
 Against Thaksin immediately initiate litigation in absentia was sentenced to two years imprisonment. As Al Capone, for some petty offense with a preference for buying their own land to his wife. All that is happening now with the &#39;red shirts&#39; is his attempt to return to power, which includes the overthrow of the current Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva - told me in Bangkok less than a month before a Croat who lives there for years and with interest, but also the distance observed events around them. Same explanations offered and Thais. This version of events there is no secret. As no secret either that hundreds of thousands in the streets hoes hate the few neighbors who are driving the new BMW&#39;s. Their husbands even more. They hate all those big shopping mall at 15-over one million Bangkok. They never had money to buy them. The largest, Central World, so they burned. They had no money for deposit in the bank and they flared up during those demonstrations.
 Market shares and ... should you ever say. Some naive analysts and reporters in Thailand probably were never (personally visit him for the sixth consecutive year) because the surprise, so they write that this is a shock because it was three months ago everything was fine. Those polite to say it is a mini civil war. None of this is not true. In Thailand, the independence of the conflict, or more precisely a class war in progress for many years. The only difference is that now began to wallow publicly in the streets of this &#39;paradise on earth&#39;. And unfortunately, it seems that we are breaking demonstrations in downtown Bangkok, a couple of days have seen only one of his battle.
 