22/03/2010 Visit of European Commissioner for Enlargement region last week was aimed at bringing fresh impetus to the integration process. Sami Neza in Tirana, Linda Karadaku in Pristina, Jusuf Ramadanović from Sarajevo, Marina Roganović from Podgorica, Igor Jovanovic in Belgrade and Erol Izmirli in Istanbul - 22/03/10 [Getty Images] EU Enlargement Commissioner Stefan Fuele completed his tour of the Balkans Participation in a regional summit in Brdo, Slovenia, which was held on Saturday (20 March). Team participation was completed a week-long meetings with the leaders of Southeast Europe. Fueleova message to the region was encouraging, but firm. He then noticed that they carried out important reforms, while urging the Balkan countries to overcome obstacles that stand in the way of their association. The talks were held in Albania in Tirana on Friday focused on the current political stalemate. The leading party in the country are unable to reach a compromise since last fall.
 The opposition boycotted the Parliament and not take any action on the request for an investigation of the general elections of June 2009. year. If the stalemate continues, he warned the fuel, &quot;it might prevent Albania in achieving political standards expected of a country that has applied for EU membership.&quot; He urged Albanian leaders to look beyond short-term political interests and quickly find a solution. &quot;In the interest of their country and its prospects for EU integration, the Albanian political leaders now need to constructively address this challenge, in the spirit of the EU,&quot; said Fuele. Kosovo Prime Minister Hashim Thaci and President Fatmir Sejdiu also met with Fueleom Friday. They discussed a range of issues, including prospects for the EU, the process of visa liberalization and stabilization and association process. EU expects Kosovo to intensify efforts in the fight against crime and corruption and improve rule of law, said officials Fuele.
 He stressed the importance of ensuring political stability and security for all communities in Kosovo. &quot;It would be important for the Kosovo authorities to focus first on political stability in the country, the other to a greater involvement of [citizens], including minorities, and the third to make progress in reforms related to Europe,&quot; said Fuele. Sejdiu reiterated the long-term goals of his country and urged the international community to assist in their realization. &quot;Kosovo has a vision for the EU and NATO, and the existence of equal chances of such steps and use the benefits,&quot; he said. &quot;What will be the time and how much will be shortened, it will depend on our work, but of course also the support that we have.&quot; B &amp; H Fuel on Thursday arrived in Sarajevo and met with members of the tripartite Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina (BiH) is the state and entity prime ministers. At a meeting with members of the presidency is concerned with the liberalization of visa regime, restructuring the Office of the High Representative in the Office of the Special Representative of the EU and the implementation of the verdict in the case Sejdić and Finns against BiH.
 During the meeting, said that when it comes to liberalization of visa regime, the EU will be considered together with Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina. Instead, he said fuel, each country will be assessed individually. After meeting with Prime Minister Nikola Spiric, told reporters that in mid-April the European Commission (EC) to make assessment of these efforts. &quot;The EC in the course of the internal consultations, after which will follow consultations with EU member states. We are currently half way,&quot; he said Fuele. He also welcomed the adoption of the Action Plan to implement the rulings of the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg in the Sejdić and Finci against Bosnia, which refers to the right of the political appointment of members of ethnic groups. Judgement shall be implemented before the general elections in October, he advised Fuele. Montenegro After meeting with Fueleom Thursday, Montenegrin Prime Minister Milo Djukanovic has predicted that his country will get the candidate status for EU membership this year.
 &quot;I believe that 2010. Be reached goal for Montenegro will receive the candidate status, which will mark the beginning of negotiations with the European Commission on the membership,&quot; Djukanovic said. Fuel reaffirmed Europe Montenegro. &quot;You are not alone on this journey. We will be with you and provide further technical assistance and financial support,&quot; he promised. However, he also addressed, as the local media called it a &quot;friendly warning&quot; to the country. &quot;A key driver in the process of European integration reforms, and they depend solely on the Montenegrin side. It is not only important to adopt the reform laws, but also be applied,&quot; he said Fuele. Montenegro, he said, should focus particularly on the fight against organized crime and corruption, judicial reform, strengthen democratic culture and administrative capacity. Fuel Serbia in Belgrade expressed support for Serbia&#39;s EU integration, while his officials gave assurances that it will continue the reform process and complete cooperation with the Hague Tribunal.
 Fuele met with President Boris Tadic, Prime Minister Mirko Cvetkovic and Deputy Prime Minister for European Integration Bozidar Djelic. After these meetings, Fuele said Serbia must maintain a positive trend in European integration was established late last year. &quot;There are many tasks and challenges on the path towards EU membership, but if Serbia was indeed determined to join up, I gave the Prime Minister assured that the EC really determined to help Serbia in that process,&quot; said the commissioner. Fueleu Tadic said he hoped that Serbia&#39;s EU membership, which was submitted end of 2009. year, will be forwarded to the Commission as soon as possible. Serbia has the political will to fulfill the requirements for admission, &quot;the president said, clearly pointing out that&quot; membership in the EU strategic objective of Serbia &quot;. Turkey Fueleov 15th visit to Turkey March was his first visit to that country. He called on Turkey to normalize relations with Cyprus and accelerate the reform process.
 &quot;I had the opportunity to emphasize the importance which the EU attaches to the need for Turkey to fully implement the additional protocol and normalize its relations with Cyprus,&quot; he said Fuele reporters at a joint news conference with Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Similar articles Loading Until the end the economic isolation of Turkish Cypriots, Turkey refuses to implement an additional protocol to the Ankara Agreement in 1963. year, which is scheduled to open sea and airports to ships and aircraft of the Greek Cypriot. Because of this deadlock, the EU froze eight of 35 negotiating chapters 2006th year. Fuel also commented on the need for more reforms to Turkey closer to EU. &quot;The new laws that strengthen the rights of citizens, workers and consumers, improving the firm available to public funds and food safety, are needed not because the EU and the progress of the negotiation process, but primarily because the citizens of Turkey,&quot; wrote a Fuel in an editorial published in the daily Hurriyet.
 Turkey and the EU share a strategic vision for managing global politics, says Davutoglu. &quot;The EU is our common future. We will make efforts to make the EU an international player who was an influential geo-political and economic dynamic,&quot; he said. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 