Hama (Arabic: حماة, meaning fortress) is a city on the banks of the river Orontem in central Syria. The administrative center of Guvernatorata Hama. Contents [edit - edit] Description Hama has 410 000 inhabitants, making it the fifth largest city in Syria after Damascus, Aleppo, Homs and Latakia. Hama is an important agricultural center of Syria, a self-titled guvernatorat has approximately 3680 square kilometers of agricultural land. Guvernatorat produces half of all potatoes Syria, as well as many vegetables and livestock. In the town itself are the biggest attraction 16 Sawa constructed for irrigation of gardens, and which are claimed to be from the year 1100 BC. Although historically used for irrigation, now used exclusively as a tourist attraction. [Edit - edit] History In the area of Hama permanent settlements dating from the Neolithic period, and the new have been established until the Iron Age. In the area of Hama in the period 1931-1933.
 Archaeological excavations carried out by a Danish team led by H. Ingholta. The stratigraphy is very simplified, making them difficult to compare with other sites. That level is 6 M (6 m thick) contained both white ware, limestone vessels and true pottery. Some believe that this settlement was a contemporary of Ras Shamra VA and B (6000-5000. BC.). Shallow level L dates to the Chalcolithic Halaf period. Hittite levels are overlain by Aramaic remains which date from the late 11th century BC .. It seems that at that time, Aramaic tribes occupied the entire valley Orontem and the Litani. Iron age Hama (Hamath), apparently, was the center of ivory. It shows strong Egyptian influence. Together with Aram (Damascus) Hama formed Aramaic state inside Syria. S obziropm the Aramaic script used for records on paper, there are very few records in the Hami.
 Biblical sources of Hami are scarce, but claim that the Hamath was the capital of Canaanite kingdom (2 Kings 23:33, 24:21), whose King Congratulates King David&#39;s victory over the king of Soba (2 Samuel 8:9-11, 1 Čkezpšoso 13:9-11). Solomon was, by all accounts, won Hamath and its territory (1 Kings 4:21-24, 2 Chronicles 8:4). The prophet Amos (vi, 2) calls the town &quot;Hamath the Great&quot;. Apparently the name comes from khamat, Phoenician word for fort [1]. The Assyrians conquered the city before the end of the eighth century BC. When the Assyrian king Shalmaneser III (858-824. BC.) Won the northern part of Syria, the Ham came 853rd BC., it marks the beginning of the Assyrian records of the city. Irhuleni of Hama and Im-idri of Aram (biblical Bar-Hadad) led a coalition of Syrian cities against the Assyrian army. This led to a great battle at the fortress Qarqar. Assyrian sources claim that resulted in victory, but modern historians believe that the battle was a draw, although Shalmanaser III came to the sea, and even organized naval expedition.
 In the following years, Shalmaneser III failed to conquer Hamath and Aram. Upon death of Shalmaneser III disbanded the former allies Hamath and Aram, and Aram, by all accounts, the force took over part of Hama&#39;s territory. This event is mentioned in the record Zakira, king of Hamath and La&#39;asha, who described the attack by a coalition under Ben-Hadad III, son Hasaela, king of Syria, whose member was Sam&#39;al. Zakir was besieged in the fort Hazrak, but he was rescued by the god Be&#39;elschamen. Later Ja&#39;udi-Sam&#39;al rule both Hamath and Aram. In 743 BC. Tiglath-Pileser III conquered a large part of the territory of Hama, but not the city itself. The records of the 738th BC. Hama states among the cities that won the Assyrian troops. Then over 30,000 Syrians from the environs of Hama were deported in the Zagros mountains. In the year 605 BC., remnants of the Egyptian garrison of Carchemish were destroyed in the battle of Hama by the Babylonian king Nabukodonosora. In 554/553.
 BC. Hama was attacked Nabonidus of Babylon. After the Macedonian conquest of the city was named Epiphania, apparently in honor of King Antiochus Epiphanes. Residents are, however, continued to use the old name. Aquila and Theodoret call it Emath-Epiphania. The city later came under the rule of Rome and Byzantium, as part of the province of Syria Secunda. [Edit - edit] Middle Ages Minaret Mosque Ainouri Ham Arabs conquered the 638th or 639th years, after which he re-established its old name, or Ham (h), which means fortress. At the time of the Crusades it has Tankret year 1108, but lost the 1115th It was born the famous Arab geographer Yaqut al-Hamawi. Ham is the 1188th Saladin won, and remained under his dynasty Ajubida until the 1299th are not taken Mamluk Egypt. One of the early mamelučkih governor was Abu al-Fida (reigned 1310-30), a famous historian and geographer. In the early 16th
 century the city was conquered the Ottoman Empire. Dating from the Ottoman period, many karavanseraji and Al-Azem Palace. In the Turkish era the city had 45,000 inhabitants, of whom 10 000 Christians. [Edit - edit] Modern era after the First World War followed the fate of Hama Syria - has become a part of the French League of Nations mandate, in 1941. it was occupied by the British, in 1943. became part of independent Syria. Main article: Massacre of Hama Hama in the early 1980-it was one of the strongholds of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist organization which fought against the secular Syrian regime. In February 1982nd the Hami rebellion broke out. He was Rifaat al-Assad, the president&#39;s brother, put down for three days in the most brutal way possible - by using artillery, aviation, and according to some sources, and poison gas. Account that is then killed between 20,000 and 40,000 people. [Edit - edit] Ecclesiastical history of the Greek Catholic Church Hamath or Amatha a titular Roman Catholic diocese whose bishop suffragan bishop of Apamea.
 Under the name Epiphania is known in several church documents. Lequien (Oriens Christianus, II, 915-918) lists nine Greek bishop Epiphanije. The first, called Mavrikija is Manikeios whose signature appears at the First Council of Nicaea (Gelzer, &quot;Patrum Nicaenorum Nomina, p. LXI). The city has two Catholic archbishops - Melkita Greek and Syrian, one based in Labroudu, another in Homs, and share the titles of Homs (Emesus) and Hamah (Missiones Catholicae, 781-804). Orthodox archdiocese in both have their own bishops. [Edit - edit] References [edit - edit] References Retrieved from &quot;http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hama&quot; Category: Syria
 