I am opposed to building a &quot;mosque&quot; in two blocks (streets) away from the zero point (Ground Zero). I want to build it on the zero point Why? Because I believe in America, which protects those who are victims of hatred and prejudice. I believe in America that says you have the right to worship whatever God you believe and wherever you want to worship him. I believe in America that tells the world that we are a people full of love and generosity. And, if a group of murderers steal your religion and use it as an excuse to kill 3 000 souls, then I want to help you regain your religion. I want to put it to that point where it was stolen from you. So much has been said about this artificially generated controversy, you really do not want to waste a moment of time that in this day of remembrance is talking about. But I hate bigotry and hate liars, so, in case you missed any segment of the truth in all this is lost, allow me to point out a few facts: 1
 I love the coat factory Burlington (Burlington Coat Factory, trading company specialized in selling shoes and coats, with 450 stores in 45 U.S. states). In it, I got a very good winter coats at very decent prices. Their daily prayers Muslims perform there since 2009. year. No one ever complained about it. This will be a &quot;mosque&quot;, the intention is that this is a kind of social center. In itself will contain the same prayer room that there already exists. However, the fact that people must be convinced that it &quot;will not be a Mosque&quot; already has too uvrijedljiva. Well, I would now just like they build a mosque there, with 111 floors. It would be better than the misery and hideous ways in which the development program has left the zero point as a gaping hole all until recently. The remains of over 1,100 people still have not been found. This place is a kind of sacred burial ground, and build another monument to trade on it, a sort of blasphemy.
 Why is not the whole place turned into a memorial park of peace? People have died in this place and many parts still lie scattered around, all these last years. 2nd Guess who helped the Muslims to organize plans for the community center? Jewish Community Center of Manhattan! Their rabbi, they were advised from the outset. This is a perfect example of the picturesque and world in which we all want to live. Peter Stuyvessant, &quot;the founder of&quot; New York has tried to drive the first Jews who arrived in Manhattan. Then the Dutch said no! It is too much. And then he said Stuyvessant office! You can stay, but you can not build a synagogue anywhere in Manhattan. Perform this stupid thing its Friday evening at home. The first Jewish temple was not allowed to build up to the 1730th year. Then the revolution happened and fathers founders have said that this country should be secular - not religious lunatics or state religion.
 George Washington (which was inaugurated near the zero point) he wanted to give a statement about this, but during his first year in office and this was written by American Jews: &quot;Citizens of the United States have a right to applaud themselves because the human race and give examples of extended liberal politics - politics that deserves to be followed. &quot;... &quot;Now is the time to speak about the grant as it is a relaxation of a class of people for others to enjoy and carry out their inherent natural rights, because, fortunately, the United States, which does not approve of bigotry, that persecution is not supported, requires only that those who live under its protection and behave like good citizens ... &quot;Some children of Abraham origin who live in this country continue to learn and enjoy the sympathy of other people - where everyone will sit in safety under his own roof (lit. under his own vine and fig tree) and where no one will be afraid.&quot; 3
 I have the responsibility for this project was kindly person you&#39;d ever want to meet. About his past, you can read here (http://www.nytimes.com/2010/08/22/nyregion/22imam.html?_r=1). 4th Around sixty Muslims were killed in the World Trade Center (WTC) 11 September, 2001. Hundreds of members of their families still in mourning and grief. Nineteen murderers did not care what religion anyone belongs to when they were seized and their lives. 5th I have never read a sadder headline in the New York Times rather than on the front page last Monday: &quot;American Muslims ask: Will we ever belong to (America)?&quot; It would make us all should be ashamed. And even that one of our fellow citizen ever to be concerned about whether &quot;belong&quot; here. 6th There exists McDonad&#39;s two streets from the zero point. Believe me, McDonald&#39;s is killing far more people than terrorists. 7th During the economic depression, or in time of war, fascists are highly skilled and start to harness the fear and hatred and encouraged the working class okrivljje &quot;other&quot; for their troubles.
 Lonconovi enemies are said to poor Southern whites that he was &quot;Catholic.&quot; FD Roosevelt opponents have said that he was a Jew and called him &quot;Židosvelt.&quot; One in five Americans now believe that Obama is a Muslim, and 41 percent of Republicans do not believe that he was born here. 8th Blame an entire group for the acts of only one part of the group is anti-American. Timothy McVeigh was a Catholic. Does Oklahoma City should prohibit the construction of a Catholic church near the site of the former federal building that McVeigh was lifted into the air? 9th Let&#39;s go with that face, all religions have their own madness. Catholics have O&#39;Reilly, Gingrich, Hannity, and Clarence Thomas (in fact all five of the conservatives who dominate the Supreme Court are Catholics). Protestants have Pat Robertson and a great many people to list them listed here. Mormons have Glenn Beck. Jews have the Crazy Eddie. But do not judge the entire religion on the basis of their doings of fools.
 If you are not Methodists. 10th If I ever, God forbid, killed in a terrorist incident, and if you or some crazy group of my death benefit as your excuse to attack or do discriminate anyone on my behalf, I will return and you proganjaću worse than Linda Blair marrying for Freddy Kreuger and would be moved into your bedroom and izlegao Chucky-I (naughty doll from the American horror film). John Lennon was right when he asked us to imagine a world without &quot;anything for you to kill or die and no religion too.&quot; This week I heard Deepak Choprau says that &quot;God gave human beings the truth, the devil came and said, &#39;Let her call his name and call it a religion.&#39; &quot;But the best was John Adams when he wrote a kind letter to future generations (which he called&quot; Offspring &quot;):&quot; Progeny! You will never know how much it costs represent a generation that will preserve your freedom! I hope you is well used.
 If you do not, kayaks to heaven I&#39;ve ever endured, and half a pain to keep it. &quot;I guess that the now deceased John Adams up there constantly repent. Friends, we all have a responsibility NOW to make sure that the Muslim community cetar permit to build. Replacing 70% of the country (the same number who initially supported the Iraq war) on pogrješnoj side and wants to &quot;Mosque&quot; displace. Enormous pressure to perform at the Imam to halt this project. We need this thing to change. We intend to allow bullies and bandits that once they win? Do you no longer enough of all this? When will come the nice moment to return our country from the hands of foes? I say that it is right now. Let&#39;s let each of us makes a gesture of donating the building of a social center! It is neprovitna, tax exempt organization and you can donate a dollar or ten dollars (or more) right now through a secure pay-pal internet payments (http://www.cordobainitiative.org/?q=content/donate).
 Personally, I will first settle the first donation of $ 10 000 (forward your PayPal receipt to the e-mail to This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you JavaScript). If any of you who read this blog / email just donated a few dollars, it would bring the center more than 6 million dollars more than the amount offered by Donald Trump, I have to give up the building. Let&#39;s all, please join and help those who are subdued as simply wanted to do something good. We can all do a great expression of love on the occasion of this important day. I&#39;ve lost associates 11th September, 2001. I am writing this today in his memory.
 