For the U.S., the war is over, but Iraq would only breed the violence could have announced the al-Qa&#39;ida and Saddam baasisti, and there is a fear that it could spill over into the street fighting for political dominance since the mail six months after the elections the Iraqi parties fail to agree on who will govern WASHINGTON, BAGHDAD - The war in Iraq tomorrow formally end a state, at least for the United State you state, after the last mail to members of U.S. combat troops leave the country. Concern for safety and order, however, bloodshed and violence remain a reality and everyday life in Iraq, and the country has reported by the media, preparing to sleep you a wave of terrorist attacks and test a national army and police èije forces take care of order and security of Americans . Seven and a half years after the phone to Washington started the war, the country remains less than 50,000 U.S. troops whose job will be training Iraqi counterparts and help for the mail protection of U.S. nationals hold.
 Obama: The war finished AVA - The War finished state, and like every other independent nation, Iraq is free I tailor my fate and time - said prekjuèer U.S. President Barack Obama potvrðujuæi determination to fulfill pre-election promise to withdraw from Iraq despite reports ¹ ficient on the renewal of terrorist activities. By the end of next year, said Obama, all the U.S. troops will be home. Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki announced, meanwhile, ¹ and the highest level of threat from new attack warning people of the rebel groups to plan a series of bomb ¹ serious attack &quot;in order to sow fear and chaos and killing innocent people still add&quot;. Iraqi intelligence ¹ tajci reported, namely, that due notice of U.S. withdrawal from the country&#39;s militants from al-Qa&#39;eda network, and members of the Baath, distorted the party and smaknutog deposed Iraqi leaders of Saddam Hussein, or associations you in organizing attacks in the country. Al-Maliki said that insurgents will attempt to use ATI frustration ¹ household population because of frequent power failures and other infrastructure problems, and reproduce the protests and attacks on government offices.
 Refugees and unemployment Dream ¾ no increase in attacks and violence You will be recorded over the past few months, and in July there were 500 killed. A group of militants linked to al-Qaeda claimed responsibility on Saturday for 20-odd Past lotjednih attacks across the country, which was the bloodiest day killed 56 people. Half of you victims were Iraqi soldiers and police officers, who are prime targets, and attacks have included the car bombs, roadside mines, and fast strikes from ambush operation in 14 cities. The U.S. mission is far from being fulfilled, you agree to the analysts. And do not mail to others would not dare say no Longer U.S. officials. Iraqi forces are much, though e mail, you did not sleep but a few years ago, the number of attacks by militants and killed them is reduced, but the situation remains unstable and fragile democracy. Iraqi military ¹ heads said that they support The U.S. needs by 2020. year. The functioning of the country is extremely vulnerable, and almost six months after ¹ parliamentary elections are political factions in the country have not yet been able to agree on a new government.
 Party of Prime Minister al-Maliki, a moderate ¹ Ijit, was second in the elections, while the most votes won ¹ e ¹ and former Prime Minister Ajad Alavi, who support the Sunnis. Leading parties and their leaders do not trust each other so they&#39;re in negotiations stalled. Analysts fear that the political situation could solve ¹ Avati on the street, and the country a new wave of violence. The economy is uni ¹ fair, and some argue that the life has never been, and ¾ in. The big problem are refugees, uneducated young people ¾ and high unemployment. Conflicts of Kurds and Arabs in the north continue as before, while creating a new extremist group, and reform the old. Iraq: &quot;If this is the result of democracy, no thanks,&quot; Washington 31st August, the official officially finished ava combat mission in Iraq, seven and a half years after the invasion that overthrew Saddam Hussein, but also took the life of U.S. soldiers, 4417, no earthquake country ¹ new wave of violence was a consequence of division of Iraqi politicians.
 U.S. President Barack Obama, who will be held on Tuesday ¾ ati speech on Iraq will mail it to transmit television, in his weekly address to the announced end of combat missions. &quot;As a candidate for president, promised to learn I have finished this war. As president of this and do a&quot; he said, adding, &quot;We returned home ¹ s more than 90,000 soldiers since I took the opportunity du ¾&quot;. The remaining 49 700 U.S. soldiers charge you for certain counseling and assistance iraèkoj army should leave the country by the end of 2011. &gt;&gt; Obama: Iraq is sovereign, the war is closer to you, and eventually the White House last month pointed to the Iraèani able to take care of the security of their country, but that they will continue to assist the United States. Washington would, and after a complete withdrawal from Iraq will remain a long-term engagement ¾ Iran in Iraq, poruèio the U.S. Vice President Joe Biden. &quot;War is not over&quot;, dangers still exist, and ¹ &quot;until the last soldier does not draw some here, the ¹ s obligations do not stop,&quot; said U.S. military commander in Iraq, General Raymond Odierno.
 Returning it if necessary If necessary the U.S. will return to combat operations, he said. But Iraq has in recent weeks exposed to a series of attacks that killed more ¹ s dozen people. Only in the last week ¹ s more than 60 people were killed, mostly policemen ¹ e, ¹ a more than 300 wounded in a series of attacks. These attacks summon memories of the worst moments in 2006. and 2007., when the insurgency was at its peak and every month, he died 2,000 people in the sect ¹ pieces violence between Sunnis and ¹ Ijit or insurgent attacks. Since the beginning of 2010th, 300 Iraèana every month dies a violent death. White House spokesman Bill Burton commented that the words &quot;for you Unfortunately, there are those who you want to efforts in Iraq fail, and the violence will probably continue,&quot; but said that &quot;generally, violence is declining.&quot; Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki accused ¾ Uje Al Qaeda and former members of the Ba&#39;ath party ¹ s that you wish to undermine the confidence of the people in the readiness of Iraqi security forces.
 Unable to form a government, analysts, however, warn that the political crisis sparked political parties unable to form a government ¹ six months of the elections. Neither Prime Minister Al-Maliki, whose term has expired, or former Chief ¹ ¹ Iyad Alavi government failed to form a majority coalition in parliament. And while Al-Maliki said that the attacks last convulsions of rebels in agony, many Iraèani to you in the government formation nemoguænost result of personal ambitions of political leader. Michael O&#39;Hanlon, an expert on Iraq at the Brooking Institution in Washington was convinced that the future of the country does not depend on the soldiers already in the field of political will. &quot;Do not be quickly created a coalition government, many wound related sect ¹ ke conflicts (between Sunnis and ¹ Ijit) could open up again,&quot; he said. In response to the question of whether The U.S. intervention in Iraq has helped the democratic process for the Live in the region, experts are divided.
 Painful way of forming the Iraqi government would have to lead to improvements &quot;and it&#39;s a big stage in a distinguished way, not only for Iraq but also the region to&quot; hold and Marina Ottaway of the Carnegie Endowmnet for International Peace. Stephen Biddle, an expert from the Council for International Relations, ka ¾ it was too early to evaluate whether democracy is caught root in Iraq, but warns of a negative domino effect in the region. &quot;Many who are you you or democracy in the region, will look at Iraq and say if it was the result of democracy, no, thank you.&quot; These are classical podmetaèine cionistièkih plaæenika controlled by the CIA, and among them media mail to convey this information. And in Croatia higher ¹ than 90% of the media under the control of such and such plaæenika. Nor is it The U.S. &#39;concern for safety and order &quot;, nor&quot; war finished states. May be that the CIA take care of security and order of their plaæenika and how the war finished states in one stage (second or treæoj) so now we continue A third or fourth phase of the war in Iraq.
 But, robbery and colonization continued. CIA and the Mossad all Eine that still mean ¹ grass conflicts between zavaðenih side them through their plaæenika directly or indirectly encourage the terrorism and Nesna ¹ sitivity, mail it in the end - of course - should result in the &quot;factors of peace&quot; (ie, occupiers and real terrorists) stay in Iraq or just returned to Iraq ...
 