The White House has confirmed that Barack Obama in February, however welcome the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama. This is the worst diplomatic blow to Washington could give Beijing because PRC D. Lama is considered the political leader of the secessionist movement and its historical province of Tibet. Official Beijing for decades done so fierce pressure on politicians who shows every intention to meet with him. End of love In the light of the diplomatic conflict between the U.S. and China in the past month, Obama is the moment for a perfect match because they have recently culminated a major cause of strife two superpowers. The fear that Iran develop its nuclear weapons, the United States for some time advocated strict sanctions on Tehran. The only reason why the Security Council has not voted that China is a veto, which 14 percent of oil accidentally meets just from Iran. In an atmosphere of total availability of mistrust, the West believes that Iran is developing nuclear program is solely for civilian purposes or for energy production, and governments M.
 Ahmadinejad, until recently, refused any solution of the dispute involving the enrichment of uranium abroad, which the West has sought to control development program. Voice of the D. Lama visit Washington first appeared last fall. In October, however, a few days after meeting Chinese President Hu Jintao and Obama at the G20 meeting in London, the White House announced that for such a visit is not yet time. This is apparently the release to meet the demands of Beijing. But in the meantime all changed with a series of disputes between the U.S. and China. In January, Google is suddenly threatened to stop censoring content in China teaching the Chinese hackers to attack it. Erupted from the West are the requirements for cessation of pressure on Google, and even the abolition of censorship, but China has not backed down. That part of the dispute culminated when the American NSA (!) Got permission to protect against attacks by Google, which is also largely a political message.
 In the meantime, the West began to rustle and the implementation of sanctions on Iran by the Security Council, a new shock came when the United States, in accordance with the agreement that in 2001. made George W. Bush, Taiwan has decided to deliver 6.4 billion U.S. dollars worth weapons. China on Taiwan is almost as sensitive to Tibet, but with the local nationalist regime in recent years largely normalized relations. Rat customs and currency China has vehemently protested, but the U.S. has gone a step further and was soon re-announced visit to the D. Lama. China is on the protest moved to the threat that Boeing and all companies involved in the shipment of weapons to introduce sanctions on Taiwan and to stop military cooperation with the United States. On allegations that a low exchange rate of yuan undermines U.S. exports, have argued that the U.S. trade deficit for&#39;m guilty, that he would not have anything better to go even to strengthen the yuan exchange rate and that China is in fact responsible for half of world economic growth recession 2009th
 Some things are up to that point, started in Iran since Ahmadinejad in an interview with state television said he was still willing to send the uranium enrichment abroad, but only under their terms, which included the takeover of the territory of Iran. Chinese diplomats, however, after meeting with his French counterpart, given the knowledge that the People&#39;s Republic still does not agree to sanctions. As the stakes are high on all sides and is hard to imagine someone giving up, and at this point obviously do not come any kind of compromise, the West has responded to Ahmadinejad rejects conditions. China and the U.S. began to wage war in addition to tariffs, and China has announced tariffs on U.S. chicken, while the U.S. has threatened to nose dive to import tires from China. What the Dalai Lama visits the White House is concerned, the date of visits 17th and 18 February has always officially stated, but despite Barack Obama are after all committed can no longer afford to retreat from China, the Tibetan spiritual leader is obviously the only means of only one of a series of battles two most powerful countries in the world.
 