U.S. President Barack Obama has arrived in Jakarta, as an official visit, as well as visit the former home. The U.S. president has already met with Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, where they discussed mutual economic opportunities, as well as security issues. As soon as President Obama and first lady Michelle arrived in Indonesia, the word spread that maybe they would have to shorten the visit. Concerns due to increased volcanic ash into the air, the awakened volcano Merapi in Central Java, almost 500 kilometers away from Jakarta, however, may force the president to leave Indonesia earlier than planned. Obama is usually sent condolences to the families of hundreds who have died as a result of volcanic eruptions and recent tzunamija. &quot;Of course we are aware that this is a difficult time for Indonesia. First, the recent earthquake and tzunami, now a volcanic eruption. Our thoughts and prayers are with those who lost their loved ones or their homes.&quot; Shortly after arrival, the President was warmly greeted by Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono at the presidential palace in Jakarta.
 For Mr. Obama, who as a child living in Indonesia, where many view as his. During bilateral meetings the two leaders discussed plans for a global partnership in order to safeguard improved, and economic ties between the two largest democracies in the world. However, not everyone was happy to see the American president. During the day, the members of the fundamentalist organization Hizbut Tahir, gathered in the main square in the city with slogans Obama is the real terrorist. Group spokesman Ismail Yusanto says that Obama offers support to military actions in the Muslim world, it seems the same as was its predecessor. &quot;For us, Obama is the same as George W Bush. We know that attacks on Iraq and Afghanistan were Bush&#39;s ideas, but Obama is continuing the same policy.&quot; Others would disagree, given that Obama has ended combat operations in Iraq and a deadline for withdrawal from Afghanistan.
 At a joint news conference, U.S. President expressed his frustration with the slow, almost no progress in negotiations in the Middle East due to Israel&#39;s decision not to stop building new settlements. Obama also spoke about his efforts to turn the Islamic world in the dialogue: &quot;With respect to the Islamic world, I believe that our past efforts have been honest, moderate. I do not expect to eliminate any misunderstanding and mistrust that have developed over many years, but I believe that at least we on the right track. &quot; Speaking about the recently held elections in Burma, the U.S. president said he was neither free nor fair. And speaking of China, the G-20 summit, Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said he hoped that the two powers can cooperate to stabilize the economic situation in the world. &quot;Indonesia hopes that the US-Chinese relations will continue to go in a positive direction, because if something is wrong with the members of G-20, then the consequences will be felt very widely, not only in Asia but worldwide.&quot; Indonesia is not most populous Islamic country in the world.
 It is anticipated that Mr. Obama speaks to students at the University of Jakarta, which some call his other hand towards providing Islamic world (after Cairo). However, volcanic ash can cause a shift of time talking.
 