EU denies liberal visa regime, the only &quot;good Bosniaks&quot; in the Western world who can only stare through your pendzer, but I can not see and feel. Officials from the EU and these days again mud and muck anything and everything just not a specific date .. obećavaju.Te visas are started, then not so you can have this or that, however here they are just arrived, etc., etc .... Iskrvili the EU sheep just like &#39;Tower of Pisa, but I do not give a visa. And, why (?) Explanation has Dr. Enver Imamovic, professor in the Department of History, Faculty of Philosophy in Sarajevo: &quot;You see, Spain, Italy, England, France, Germany made the whole campaign against Islam. At issue are various excuses, but it is all directed at Muslims. They have many excuses but the fact is that it is directed against Islam. Do not be too wise, to a small child understands, it is quite possible that BiH is the only remain isolated in Europe because he has a majority Muslim population.
 We do not give to Europe. How can the multinational state to give freedom of movement for the two peoples, who have dual citizenship, and to withhold only the Bosnians? &quot;Prof. hanuma you, since you are majority Muslims in Bosnia? Extracted profa Imamović and stayed alive. Obviously, the intense desire Enver dreams with open eyes. And, as every honest Bosniaks who likes multi-cult, God forbid that profa disagreed. And, as far as visa ... if profa Imamović is sent to see the world without a visa, and sit up nauživati Pise, here we know! Staring and enjoy together with their professor eskluzivnim &quot;victims&quot; but watch out for Desanka Sakic. Now that you have let&#39;s easier to see why the EU visa neda best we European Muslims? Order is to clarify that our komis (c) port. Because who&#39;s going where, if not his own. Firstly, instead of what you&#39;re attacked and eventually expelled hundreds of thousands of Croats should you stick to the Croatian Franjo Tudjman, who you trained, armed, half a million refugees, it managed to save Storm.
 Now as people traveled to wherever you want. Admittedly not too late now, but it must first reach the mind. Thus, the EU is not that visas for the passports because ljiljanske - Sarajevo and a handful of capped shared beha passport number of the Mujahideen and Al Qaeda teroristima.I nowadays it attracts them instead of being expelled from the country as was the agreement with the West - vehabiija presence in BiH reveals State which has the world healthier if it is in quarantine - BiH and its thousands of Wahhabi with more liberal visa regime would be plutujuća bomb with a fuse and extracted by a threat throughout the world - Sarajevo BiH muslimanizaciju Politka done by encouraging the settlement of Muslims from sujsednih countries and the Arab world and among newcomer is also a significant number of Wahhabis and terrorists. - Liberal visa regime Bosnia and Herzegovina would become an attractive destination Islamisk terrorists from around the world. He rushed to get beha passport which would in BiH and Europe increased presence of extremist Islam and terrorism.
 - Common protest with the foreign Islamists in Sarajevo, and in support of Islamic terrorists burning the flag state of other countries, the message is that the EU and the entire West, and how these bold and underlined There&#39;s more, but it is also stated to be sufficient to Bosniak even Albania does not approve vize.To as Bosnje remarkable because the Croats have dual citizenship is a Croatian passport visa-free travel across the world, that Sarajevo should make an agreement with them and let the dear Turkish and Bosniak have dual citizenship. Maybe with a Turkish passport, obtain a visa. If not for the West, and then the Islamic world. For all those reasons Europe is not crazy in my garden drag Islamist bombers and Head-Cutter. Another thing is that Sarajevo is silent about it thus protecting their &quot;new Muslims&quot; and Arab mujahideen. Upper Maoca, Mehurici, Jablanica and numerous other Wahhabi litter, and last Bugojanska &quot;afganistacija&quot; Europe, Visa made possible by the Bosniak one duguuu ....
 duguuu story that could last longer than the expectancy for Godot. Wishing to soften the heart of Europe, cruel, and in its &quot;good Bosniaks&quot; excite tears of self-pity, BA Imamović comparing the beha Muslims with Muslims in Palestine. So here we are! Academic signature that Bosniak presented as Palestinian victims. I did not end there, but only the beginning of aspiration. Namely, the &quot;wise&quot; bošnjo wants to install itself in the profitable components of both the Middle East. I sacrifice the Palestinians and the Holocaust against the Jews, while simultaneously Hrčić and Srbekim gotten aggression and fascism. In the name framing profa, as you see, Bosniaks are installed terrorism would not be challenged međubošnjački conflict &quot;old&quot; and &quot;new Muslims&quot; like conflict Fatah and Hamas, and therefore the EU palestinizira Bosniaks? The victim - how to soft sounds and rahat ..... Isolated in an enclosed concentration camp called Bosnia, visa Bosnje die of hunger and thirst just as shari&#39;a Palestinian brothers.
 Sometimes they eat some fish and even more so because it has the Beha river polluted with garbage that has not utvređno who throws him the aggressor. Weight loss goals are so that they look like &#39;keder fish. The mere skin and bone cornered on a rock on which the poor because their enemy lurking neda entire BiH, just as Jews, Zionists do not give the whole of their Palestinian brothers. It is well known, where the present Zionism and fascism that are now the victims. Good Bosnje Palestinians would gladly took auerol victims kukulek, and justice even when they distribute their own bombs, but in fact only what really resemble Palcic it was all over tolreantnih Islamic terrorists and their terrorism. Will the fans of this multi-cult of fairy tales. Since the Jews to take over the cult of suffering that would be &quot;good Bosniaks&quot;, by increasing the number of casualties rose to the level of the Holocaust. Specifically, in the heart of sharia jennet Holocaust was allowed a non-Islamic state in Western democracies.
 However, the government is not Christian but Jewish, but it is un-Islamic and more democratic by accident. And what can the Holocaust must be able to Srebrenica genocide. Only it should motivate the expansion of the number and here it would Islam Muslim države.Tako Bosnia was at the heart of Europe kšćanske as un-Islamic, and Israel in the heart of the Islamic world, a Bosniak &quot;would also be the victim of Palestinian and Jewish Memorial Center Yad Vashem. Now at least we know, the Kurds can not get no autonomy, and where their country because of them is genocide. Only when you have got genocide, whose capital resources will never run dry because it helps the whole world forever. Is to not give visa, but because everything else gives just stay in his Devil&#39;s Yard. It will receive and ship by Bosniaks. In this name all over the beha-installed Islamic &quot;humanitarian&quot; organizations that are rich in experience, import-export of Islamic extremism and terrorism.
 On &quot;humanitarian&quot; course usually go to Palestine, and Turkey to have a lawyer representing bespaltno. Knows why. When you have already failed under the walls of Vienna 400 years ago. Haman had this to succeed. Bezbeli, as soon as you get a visa. And they were about to arrive. Just as he arrives colorful lie in the month of Limburg, when monkeys suck. Since Godot is no trace, and ... a great Does jazuka. Come Godo hurry, waiting for you. Do not be metiljav ... Crovata Views: 412 Comments (5) RSS Feed comments ... Bosniak himself with his actions will lead to isolation. Poor naive and poor Muslim has no choice but to sell for a liter of oil. Duldung, September 04, 2010 CT hahah, Crovata you forgot to mention, while waiting for visas to study the book &quot;Holocaust industry.&quot; See you then what business takes effect. ... , September 04, 2010 liters of blood - liter gasoline If you remember, and there is no reason that it is not so, the Surrealists were the 90 he had a terrible sketch of fuel shortages in the former YU.
  