Last week the currency markets the dollar came under pressure after the U.S. central bank announced the possibility of further loosening of monetary policy, and Japan has once again intervened to prevent the yen to the U.S. currency. Dolarov index, which shows the value of the U.S. in relation to the six major world currencies, fell last week to 1.96 percent, to 79.28 points, its lowest level since February. It is the European currency declined 3.43 percent and the exchange rate of euro jumped to $ 1.3490, its highest level in five months. Against the Japanese currency, the dollar rate fell 1.80 percent to 84.20 yen. Euro, however, strengthened against the Japanese currency to 1.41 percent and its rate reached 113.60 yen. The dollar last week came under pressure after it said on Tuesday the U.S. central bank told the Fed &quot;is ready to further adjustments if necessary support the economic recovery,&quot; meaning that it could further enhance liquidity in order to stimulate growth.
 Therefore, the euro exchange rate quickly broke above the level of $ 1.34, despite the poor macroeconomic indicators from the Eurozone. In fact, last week announced that the Irish economy in the second quarter fell by 1.2 percent compared with the first quarter, when the country launched it from recession. Investors are disappointed by the fact that the growth in the 16-nation zone of the single European currency in September fell to its lowest level in seven months, with the strongest decline in purchasing managers&#39; index (PMI) since the global financial crisis. This index also showed that Germany is particularly noted a sharp slowdown, and its overall index for the manufacturing and services sector in September plunged to 53.8 points from 56.2 points in August. &quot;The market was disappointed the report of the PMI, which has cast doubt on the recovery of European economies,&quot; says Robert Mialich of UniCredit. However, later they eased fears of a weakening German economy, &#39;locomotives eurozone&#39;, because it was announced that the business climate index, prepared by the Ifo Institute, in September unexpectedly rose to 106.8 points, after which in August registered its highest level in three year of 106.7 points.
 &quot;These data alleviate the negative mood against the euro, caused by disappointing data on the PMI index of eurozone purchasing managers,&quot; said Jeremy Stretch, a currency strategist at CIBC bank. The dollar would likely fall to lower levels on Friday that Japan is once again intervened in the market to contain the rise of their currencies. According to the Kyodo News agency, referring to market sources, the Japanese central bank on Friday to re-sell yen. In an attempt to halt the rise of a strong yen, Japanese monetary authorities were buying dollars for 15th September, sold on that occasion between 1700 and 1,900 billion yen. It was the first intervention on the Tokyo foreign exchange market since March 2004. year, and the reason was her jump yen exchange rate to its highest level in 15 years against the dollar. A stronger yen weakens the competitiveness of Japanese exports and eroding export earnings of companies earned in foreign markets, threatening the recovery of the Japanese economy.
 