SELECTIVE condemnation of corruption after the Croatian bishops by the Commission Justitia et Pax announce an unusual statement on the fight against corruption, tportal has talked with Don Ivan Grubisic, Split priest known for his criticism of the Church of networking and high-level politics in Croatia. The bishops were, in fact, in a statement pročitanoj at a press conference on Monday commented on the current fight against corruption in Croatia, and without being stopped to protect the rights of all those damaged by corruption and crime, but - very difficult for suspected acts of corruption. &#39;In my opinion, such incidents bishops defend kleptocracy, demanding that no one called for, the indictment does not spread, a supposedly condemn mafia. I think that attitude they want to stand behind Sanader, who now feels threatened, and given that he was before the last election gave the Church 70 million, then it probably has a right to request a return, &quot;said Don Ivan Grubisic.
 Grubisic believes that the bishops in this case stood in protecting their own interests at the expense of the common good. &#39;Do they have the right to condemn corruption, and take money from state coffers for anyone who does not have to render accounts? Until the Church is a mentor of politics, we live in a feudal society. The bishops were privileged to deal with political issues, not the existential questions of the people &#39;, says Grubisic. Split a priest, one of the few members of the clergy who is not afraid to criticize the Catholic Church in Croatia, said that the bishop&#39;s statement has nothing to do with reality in which the majority of the citizens of this country. &#39;This is about how we should start functioning legal and social state, as well as democracy. Freedom must be respected, because without freedom there is no human society, and no man. Of course, that communism has not flowed with milk and honey, but to see how much debt has risen in the last 20 years, and then claim to have corruption inherited from communism.
 It turns out that it is a mind-set that is engrained in us, and not elsewhere. And they seemed to have fallen from Mars, &quot;says our source, adding that, given the fact that the bishops of smart people, obviously a defense of their interests. We asked Grubišića let us comment on yesterday&#39;s statement by the editors of Voices of the Council Miklenic John, who is in the &#39;Daily News&#39; HTV claimed that the Church is silent on corruption, even when the PM was at its peak. &#39;He wrote two or three texts that them clearly and immediately called to account, after which it stopped. If anyone should be silent about corruption, it is the Church. While people are dying because of the crime, they sat on the budget and millions of sisal, &quot;stresses Grubisic do. &quot;The bishops are in the fight against corruption, but with fingers crossed in his pocket. The question is, in fact, anyone in this country makes major decisions and can make decisions without the authority of the Church. That&#39;s why I say that we live in a feudal society, because there are two caste - caste and class politics of the Church, just as it was two centuries ago, when the Church could not dictate political developments, &quot;says Grubisic.
 t.portal.hr
 