Two Russian soldiers lost their lives in fighting fires around the nuclear center in Sarov, 500 kilometers east of Moscow. Both were killed when a burning tree fell them. In Sarov is from the time the Soviet Union is a center for nuclear research and production of nuclear weapons. The government has decided to invest nearly $ 2 billion for the purchase of additional fire-fighting aircraft and vehicles. It was suggested the establishment of centers for emergency situations across the country. It was also recruiting volunteer fire-fighters in remote areas. As one of the major problems turned out to be poor equipment and training to private firms in charge of the fire. The mortality rate has doubled in Moscow after the city covered the toxic gas, formed after large forest fires that are raging in the area. In Moscow the day, under normal circumstances, died between 360 and 380 people, yesterday and died about 700, said the head of the Department for Health.
 He added that on the street every day 40 degrees and that the number of emergency interventions increased by a quarter, and most of them related to cardiac and respiratory problems. Russian around Moscow firefighters battling wildfires in the area of 1740 square kilometers. Due to the unprecedented drought, the Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin yesterday banned the export of wheat, which is triggered automatically increase its prices on the world market. Putin as a co-pilot in the Canadair Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, who still strives to keep the public image of man of action, the Russian television program shown on the site co-pilots, fire-fighting planes which flew two forest fires in the region of Ryazan, about 200 km southeast of Moscow. Having got a quick lesson on the functioning of the system, Putin has done an excellent job extinguishing forest fires, was put to Ria Novosti, after the fires were extinguished. Putin is the time to show how a nation cares about fighting fires, which devastate Russia for nearly two weeks in which they are so far killed at least 54 people.
 