Photo: SIPA INDICTMENT AGAINST THE HOLY FATHER, and rape in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit Tanja Tolic / 16.03.2010. 18:45:40 Ten years ago the Catholic Church in the United States with his victims paid two billion U.S. dollars and nearly bankrupt. Now Europe reveals what all the crimes committed by local officials in mid-January of God the father Klaus Mertes, rector of the Jesuit High School Canisisus Berlin-Kolleg, sent a letter to 500 students in which they were informed that it is possible that the school was abuse between the 1975th and 1983. He apologized as professors žmirili the charges and asked all victims to come forward. In late January Mertes father at a press conference informed the public that it knows of seven cases of abuse for which the two priests. On the same day in Berlin Archdiocese has admitted that it conducted an investigation against a former priest in the parish of Holy Cross in Berlin-Hohenschönhausen.
 Incidents have occurred 2,001th, but the Archdiocese of them did not find out until the summer of 2009. By early February the scandal had already spread to the whole country. With all sides have begun arriving reports of sexual abuse. Father Stefan Dartmann, during a visit to Berlin, said he knows of 25 victims. In addition to 20 students at Canisius, three were still in school St Oscar in Hamburg and two in the school of St. Blaise in the Black Forest. Accused priests Peter R. and Wolfgang P. were former Jesuits, but they were active in other Catholic institutions in Germany and abroad. New victim of a priest occurred from Hildescheimske diocese, where he was pastor from 1982. until 2003. By mid-February has been known for a total of 115 victims of the Jesuit schools, and abuse is all dated from the 50-ies of the last century. In the meantime, were discovered cases of abuse to which they are responsible palotinci and Salesians, The Society of Daughters of Mercy and the Franciscan and scandal culminated when the news of the sadistic and sexual abuse in three Catholic schools in Bavaria, one of which was in a choir led by the pope&#39;s brother since 1964.
 until 1994. I Georg Ratzinger acknowledged that he knew slap students to punish them, but stubbornly insisted he was unaware that the school was sexual abuse. Cases of abuse have been reported recently in the Netherlands, two hundred of them; pedophile scandal hit and Austria (17 cases), and spared not even left the Vatican. Last week he discovered that one of Pope&#39;s noble Angelo Balducci had a pimp who had purchased at a good price young male prostitutes among the singers, students of theology and illegal immigrants. It seems that Europe is experiencing the fate of America&#39;s already ten years, where the Catholic Church pedophilia led to bankruptcy for the victims of sexual abuse had to pay nearly two billion U.S. dollars. Terrifying rapes of children and young people so that the time is no longer possible to ignore what is now without a doubt, it was decades of practice of the Catholic Church, and as the main accused in this story mučnoj increasingly emerging one name.
 What Pope Benedict XVI by the public, ever more loudly, that the calculated charges covered up crimes in the largest Christian organization in the world that has a billion members, roughly one sixth of the world&#39;s population. German Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger accused by the Vatican earlier this year that was covered up serious cases of sexual abuse. He claims that the directives of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith in 2001., Where Joseph Ratzinger was the head before he was elected pope, has made serious cases of abuse subject to pontifical secrecy. The Minister, however, alluded to the document De delicitis gravioribus (A much more serious crimes), which continues to document the church in 1962. - Crimen Sollicitationis (Latin for &quot;the crime of phishing&quot;). The other, an earlier document was hand 2006th subject of a BBC film &quot;Sex Crimes and the Vatican,&quot; broadcast in the Panorama program, and then in other countries.
 The controversial film he made Colm O&#39;Gorman, himself a victim of sexual abuse - raped in the diocese of Ferns in County Wexford in Ireland, when he was only 14 years. The film is hard to O&#39;Gorman accused Pope Benedict XVI, saying that he, when he was just a cardinal, wrote a secret Vatican decree to all Catholic bishops in the world, instruirajući them to put the interests of the Church before the interests of abused children. He claimed that the document recommends that the bishops, instead of sex crime report to the relevant authorities, encourage the victim, witnesses and offenders to - silence. And if the victim insists that it will reveal the truth, then she should threaten to be excommunicated. Much in this film was not true. Specifically, Crimen sollicitationis not written by Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, but 1962nd Alfredo Ottaviani, the then Secretary of the Holy Congregation of the Holy Office in 1966. changed the name of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith.
 The letter was indeed sent it to all archbishops, bishops and other local ordinaries, including those Eastern churches. In this document, the Holy Office explained the procedure for the treatment of priests who were accused of having used the sacrament of penance to the confessor iskamčili sexual services. According to this regulation, all Catholics who have knowledge of misconduct of priests must be reported to the authorities within one month, otherwise they will be removed from the church. The priest, however, depending on the severity of the offense, or rebukes them on trial before the ecclesiastical court. This, however, applies to the case when a priest violates the sacrament of penance, or when trying to blackmail confessor. For cases of homosexual behavior, intercourse with children and animals, this regulation does not impose the church legal obligation, although there are moral. However, it is worthwhile to point out the truth, even though the trial of the priest goes on in secret, the document does not mention that the silence of the victims committed or that they may not pay state authorities.
 In another document, De delicitis gravioribus, which really is written by the current pope, there is also no question of covering up the crime. The problem, however, at least moral, nor in a document the religious authorities are not obliged to report these crimes to civil authorities. Offenders are punishable under Church law, and the worst punishment they can happen is to be removed from priestly ministry and become laymen. The privileged status of the Church has managed to completely paralyze the judicial authorities in the unlikely najkatoličkijoj country in the world - Ireland. Last year, Ireland was, in fact, faced with the darkest stains in its history: In May, a report published Ryan&#39;s (Ryan Report) to more than 2500 pages, which recounts how the priests were more than 30 years in the so-called. industrial, Catholic schools physically and sexually abused, about 30 000 children, and in November and report to Murphy (Murphy Report), which is exhaustively described in turn as the priests did to children in the Dublin Archdiocese.
 Ryan&#39;s report, called the judge Sean Ryan who was drafted at the initiative of the Commission to investigate child abuse (Commission to Inquire Child Abuse, CICA), is a dark book in five volumes, which will lead to in any molesters to justice. Irish authorities were written by him after nine years of investigation, but its publication delayed a year, while the Catholic church in court has not won a victory and failed to prohibit the disclosure of the identity of the abuser. This means that all those in the report are pseudonyms, except those already convicted of molestation. Slap in the face of the victims who were in Ireland, the past decade, came from all over the world, some of them are already at an advanced age, to witness the horrors that had gone before. Coordinator of the group Survivors of Child Abuse, John Kelly, he looked like a man destroyed after publication of the report: &quot;Nothing, absolutely nothing in terms of justice is not significant in the report published ... The Commission has encouraged us to open our wounds.
 We did it ... And they have remained wide open. &quot;The report covers mainly the period since 1930. until 1970. in 1090 there were testimonies of former students and 216 industrial schools, and daily ward correctional homes. Ninety percent of respondents said they had been physically abused and more than 500 of them were sexually abused. Throughout the school has passed a total of around 170 000 children, or about 1.2 percent of child population between the 1936th and 1970. In industrial finishing school children caught begging, children without guardians, those whose parents could not support, children whose parents are jailed or have to turn itself dealt with the crime. Pope Benedict XVI said at a meeting of Irish bishops to show &quot;determination&quot; in dealing with sexual abuse, but not explicitly called for the punishment they are committed, as he said this &quot;hideous crimes&quot;. Maeve Lewis, a psychotherapist and director of the organization One in Four support victims of abuse in Ireland, said he hopes the Vatican will speak about the role of the Irish Church, which has covered up the crimes.
 She added that the group is disappointed that &quot;The Vatican did not accept responsibility for its role in supporting the sexual abuse of children.&quot; Vatican spokesman, Father Federico Lombardi, denied it, repeatedly, that the Vatican had covered up cases of abuse. But here&#39;s an example that refutes this claim. James Carroll, a journalist and author of &quot;Practical Catholic&quot;, is in his recent column on the website The Daily Beast the case of Boston Cardinal Bernard Lawa, who is the father of Paul Shanley provide a series of sexual excursions. Shanley is now in jail in Massachusetts for raping a child. No villain is, after the Church secretly paid his victims, continued to be a priest, a Boston cardinal even it is recommended for the post of director of a Catholic shelter for the homeless. In prison, you should sit and Bernard Law. When one of the victims Shanleyevih, Tom Blanchette, Lawu approached him and apologized for the abuse, Cardinal laid his hand on his head and said: &quot;Confession and pledge that no one ever talk about that.&quot; In 2002.
 anger bostonskih Lawa Catholics forced to resign his position of Archbishop, but according to the Vatican, he took the noble. Pope John Paul II. appointed him nadsvećenikom St. Mary Major in Rome, which is one of the most prominent place in the Church. Law is still in that position, although the pope, during a visit to America, 2008th, told reporters he was deeply ashamed of the priests&#39; crimes committed against children in America. Also, although in many ways, wrong in his film &quot;Sex Crimes and the Vatican, Colm O&#39;Gorman, in some things, however he was right. For example, he discovered that only the Vatican and around him at that time lived seven priests who were accused of abusing children. Were it not for Colm, the world might never have got no Fernski report (Ferns Report). Colm is, in fact, his investigation of sexual crimes in the Catholic church started on its own example, in April 2002. That led to the resignation of Brendan Comiskey, Bishop fernskog.
 Colm then requested and the government&#39;s investigation that led to Fernskog report, published in October 2005. The investigation revealed that in ferns 100 cases of child abuse between the 1962nd and 2002. and charged a 21 priest who worked in the diocese fernskoj. The six priests had died before the indictment against them, and yet three of them died later. The report describes in detail how since 1960. to 1980. then-Bishop Donald Herlihy reported cases of pedophilia is regularly treated as a moral problem. This meant that the priests who were accused withdrew from their positions and moved them to another parish. Having completed the &quot;punishment&quot;, they returned to his old job. Since 1980. When he realized that the problem will not be able to resolve, he began sending priests abusers psychologist to talk, but even though psychologists have warned that priests should not work with children, Bishop Herlihy to allow them, until 1983., when he died.
 His successor, Brendan Comiskey was forced to step down 2002nd, because children certainly did not help. &quot;Many more of these crimes shocked the persistence with which the Catholic Church seeks to protect the abusers and thus, in fact, once again abusing their victims,&quot; Carroll writes in his column. The Catholic church has a centuries-old experience in the forgiveness of sins, and those engaged in such business, to maintain credibility, it must hold a public aura of infallibility. Exaggerate? Not known if the speech in September last year in the United Nations, the sjedinici Human Rights Council, held Archbishop Silvano Tomasi, Permanent Observer of the Holy See to the UN. As Keith Porteous Wood, the representative of the International Union for the humanity and ethics (International Humanist and Ethical Union), warned that the church violated several articles of the Convention on Human Rights of children continuing to hush up sexual abuse, Tomasi complained that other religions have such problems and to the Protestant and Jewish communities much worse than the Catholic Church.
 According to his statistics, &quot;only the 1.5 to 5 percent of Catholic clergy responsible for the sexual abuse of children.&quot; If you know that there are 1.5 million Catholic priests, then only 1.5 percent is obviously negligible, 22 500 sexual abusers. In addition, he argued Tomasi, priests who committed these crimes are not pedophiles, but homosexuals who are attracted to adolescents. &quot;Instead of talking about pedophilia would be much more correct to use the term efebofilije, homosexual attraction to adolescents. Of all the priests involved in abuse of 80 to 90 percent has the minority sexual orientation that includes attraction to boys 11-17 years, &quot;explained the archbishop. AOvi the argument just as offensive as a tip that the journalist Kay Ebeling received from the Chicago Cardinals when she was five years. &quot;Chicago Cardinal Samuel Stritch stood over me and told me: &#39;It is time to stop babbling about what you did Horne&#39;s father.&#39;&quot; It&#39;s been 40 years before Kay ventured about utter a word.
 Today blurts. Lots and unstoppable on the blog of Angel City, dedicated to all victims of priestly pedophilia.
 