This year, the fourth consecutive time successfully held Jewish Film Festival. In Zagreb China Europe of 23 to 29 May, the Croatian audience had the opportunity to look at as many as 43 extremely high quality film creations from around the world. Jewish Film Festival, or unique of its kind in the world, and this year was held under the leadership of its Honorary President Branko Lustig, film producer and a double Oscar winner and director of the festival Natasa Popovic. This year&#39;s fourth Jewish Film Festival is a large part was dedicated to the Righteous among the Nations, the people who during the Second World War saved the Jews from Nazi persecution, thereby risking their own lives, for which the State of Israel awarded a high recognition of the Righteous among the Nations. Therefore, they are like another recall and thanks to their humane and courageous act on the opening ceremony of the festival presented plaques &quot;Pravdenika.&quot; In a crowded cinema hall plaques is just and their descendants gave Branko Lustig, and get them Mario Carnelutti, Darko and Ankit Porter, Joseph Josko Pribilivić, Stephen Papo armed and Boiko Korkut, grandson of Dervis Korkut, who is the righteous from destruction saved the Sarajevo Haggadah, Jewish ritual book.
 However, media interest was mostly caused by the Bulgarian king Simeon Sakskoburggotski which the plaque &quot;Righteous&quot; given the merits of his father, the Bulgarian king Boris III. who during the war saved 50 000 Bulgarian Jews. Remembering the victims in the opening ceremony of the China Europe last Sunday gathered numerous representatives of Croatian political, social and cultural life, and the guests are the president of the Festival Branko Lustig, expressing satisfaction that this year, despite the financial crisis, thanks to donors and sponsors, the Festival managed to organize. Although some of the films selected for this year&#39;s festival parade and deal with issues of contemporary Israeli life, the majority of feature and documentary films is related precisely to the Holocaust and the suffering of Jews during the Second World War, which was Lustig told the crowd. - Many of me lately asking why we show the sad and shocking films, Jews do not work and comedies and films about love and human happiness.
 They argue that we must turn to finer side of life and remind people of the joy that life offers. I agree with that and, believe me, it&#39;s easier to us to be. But may I allow that in a city where I live erase all memories of those who lived there not so long ago, even during my childhood, to those who have sat in these same seats, in the same box office, and who at one point simply - disappeared, Lustig said, adding that the importance of the Festival in the fact that once a year reminds Zagreb, Croatia to these people, their Jewish fellow citizens who were killed during the war. The guests were addressed by the Israeli ambassador to Croatia who Amrani Yosef said that Festival returns to the theme of the Holocaust that marks the life of the Jews, but the film art meets the Croatian public is situations of daily life of Israel. - The film combines past and present, and this film festival returns to Croatia Jewish life, said Ambassador Amrani, adding his gratitude to Branko Lustig at the Festival with such an important purpose.
 Chinese Schindler Festival was opened by the German film &quot;John Rabe&quot;, which talks about the rescue of Chinese workers during the Japanese occupation of China during the Second World War. Film director Florian Gallenberger was a guest at the opening ceremony, in his address said that John Rabe, although in the western world&#39;s forgotten hero in China. - John Rabe certainly deserves a memory because he is a Chinese Schindler - said Gallenberger. In addition to film part of a program that consisted of 15 films, 22 documentaries and five short films, the festival completes three educational morning for elementary and secondary schools, and students, making the Festival and this year confirmed its educative role. For the third consecutive year at the Festival is organized and the International Film Workshop, and has not missed any music program. Thus, the duo performed at the Festival EmmaLee, Israeli Shuk The composition of the Austrian Ensemble The Klezmer Connection and Groovecaffe.
 Today&#39;s festival closing ceremony was organized in cooperation with the association for the promotion of audio-visual art Confusion, will be held in Zagreb&#39;s old factory Unity. Whom they saved? Festival Plaque &quot;Righteous&quot; got Mario Carnelutti who Righteous Among the Nations declared 1984th year because he saved Isidore Hahn and Stefi Bester, then Dark Porter is a righteous man who declared the 1999th because, along with his wife Ankica rescued Hello Schlesinger and Daisy Horn, Joseph Josko Pribilivić, declared righteous 2,001th because he saved Daniel Ivin, Stephen Papo Oružec, declared righteous 2004th because, along with her mother Katica saved Betiku and Hermine Weinberger. In the name of his father, Dervis Korkut, who saved one life and destruction of the Sarajevo Haggadah, a plaque was received by his grandson Boiko Korkut. The plaque was presented to the king Simeon Sakskoburggotski, son of the Bulgarian king Boris III., Which was saved from Nazi extermination of about 50,000 Bulgarian Jews.
 As part of this year&#39;s fourth Jewish Film Festival shows films from various genres and themes. Although it is mostly talking about the achievements that show the suffering of Jews during the Holocaust, some of the featured films dealing with contemporary issues like the movie &quot;Size Matters&quot;, which talks about obesity or the movie &quot;Eyes Wide Open&quot; which is the theme of homosexual love. Short film &quot;On the way to Tel Aviv&quot; deals with the Palestinian terrorism and the complex relationship of mistrust between Jews and Arabs, which is discussed in a short film &quot;Tunnel&quot; in which two enemies find themselves together in the tunnel which Palestinians smuggle weapons from Egypt into Gaza. Presented films belong to different cinema - from the Israeli, German and French to Moroccan, Bulgarian and American. The Festival presents a film by Jakov Sedlar in 2006. The &quot;righteous Stepinac, the Serbian film Marko Popovic Srdjan Mitrovic, and the Fair Grounds - History of a Camp,&quot; which tells about the internment camp for Jews, which was founded in late 1941st
 in today&#39;s Zemun, which was then in the NDH. Among a number of quality films, he received the Swedish film &quot;Good evening Mr. Wallenberg,&quot; from 1990. , directed by Kjella Gredea the famous Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg who during the Second World War saved the Jews from occupied countries, By seeking them Swedish passports, and was particularly noted 1944th in Budapest, where he saved tens of thousands of Jews. Wallenberg have upon entering the Soviets captured Budapest on charges of espionage and had at the beginning of 1945th unaccounted for. Although the Soviet authorities claimed that he died of a heart attack 1947th, his fate is still unknown. 28.05.2010. Add to favorite articles Send to a friend Print Comment
 