The nine-year Matthew Berger ran through the tall grass for your dog to be upset. Tau was found a bone. - Daddy, Daddy! I think we found a fossil! - Shouted the boy. The father ran to the other zatravljenog hill and began a vile curse! The boy is frightened at first, and then his father is all explained: he was ecstatic! Asked for 20 years His father is 44-year-old Lee R. Berger, an American paleontologist, and it is such a thing sought is on a neighboring hill. In South Africa only because of paleoanthropological research family stayed two decades. And despite all the efforts, a key fossil find the boy and the dog? It turned out that in August 2008. The events and the clavicle, which he found the dog led to the discovery of the remains of previously unknown species predčovjeka two million years old. A Lee Berger was the expert for just collarbone and was immediately recognized as a valuable record. In fact, priceless.
 Found the skeleton belonged to a boy who at the time of death was only slightly older than Matthew. He was eighty centimeters tall, but physically the scale incomparable with the importance of the discovery itself. Dr. Lee Berger of the public reported the discovery on Thursday at the Institute for the evolution of man Witwatersrand University in Johannesburg, on Friday published the study in the journal Science. Fossils remains of boys and girls have been fascinated by a team of scientists who studied because of their anatomy in a surprising way, the elderly are known to interfere with the younger Australopithecus hominids, the distant ancestors of man. As a new kind of science called Australopithecus sediba, which is a noun for a water source in the language of Sotho. Popular name for boys ancient announced a competition among South African children. In the cradle of humanity Copies of these types of hominids walked upright, but completely, as reflected by the structure of the pelvis and thigh bones like human, but long arms and say that they are also skilled at climbing trees.
 They had been small teeth, close to the type of Homo, but also a primitive foot and tiny brain characteristic of Australopithecus. It is interesting that even the skeleton found in a wider area Malapa, rich with caves, which the various findings and called the cradle of humanity.
 