Resistance is a group of people ordered to real chaos. It is no cell of terrorists who planned to demolish the building. The real resistance to the culture. It is a collective response to oppression. Understanding the true nature of resistance is not easy. No article may not be so extensive that explain why people, like people, resist. Even if it were possible to explain, the media are not willing to carry the information that are contrary to mainstream interpretations of violent and nonviolent resistance. The story of Afghanistan, amounts to the same phrase: Al Qaeda and the Taliban. The story of Lebanon is reduced to Hezbollah. The Palestinian group Hamas on duty sworn to destroy Israel. Any attempt to tell a different story simpatizerstvu is equivalent to the terrorists and justify violence. Steady replacement of the thesis and misuse of the term contributed to the misunderstanding of a practical, time and an inability to settle the bloody conflict. Even those who wish to simpatišu resistance, often contribute to confusion.
 Activists of the motives of Western countries for academic interpretations of events in Palestine, Iraq, Lebanon and Afghanistan. There were built some ideas: suicide missions are bad, non-violence is good, not good Hamas rockets, slingshots are ok. Many activists cite Martin Luther King and Malcolm X, and not. They will agree on the selective acceptance of Gandhi, but not Che Guevaras. This so-called. &quot;Strategic&quot; discourse denies real understanding of resistance - as a concept and as a culture. Since the reductive notion of resistance as violence and terrorism to &quot;alternative&quot; discovery of resistance as an inspiring and stimulating cultural experiences, the resistance as a culture is lost. These two exclusive definitions do not offer anything more than meager depikcija. Both compel observers opirućih culture that is understood as defeatism. So once again hear the same phrase: no, we are not terrorists, no, we are not violent, we have a rich culture of nonviolent resistance, it does not, Hamas has nothing to do with Al Qaeda, not Hezbollah are Iranian spies.
 Ironically, the Israeli authors are required much less an apology, although themselves often justify the aggression, ie. interpreted as resistance to aggression. The irony is that, instead of people trying to understand the reasons for the resistance, trying to suppress the resistance as a phenomenon. Supposing that the resistance of cultures, he refers to Edward Said&#39;s definition of culture is a way of fighting against the destruction and extinction. &quot; When such a culture exists, it&#39;s not skim or political schemes. Nor is a sadistic brute. Decisions to use or not use armed struggle, to attack or not attack civilians, to cooperate with foreign elements or not, are purely strategic. They have nothing to do with the culture of resistance. Insinuations of the relationship of culture and strategies of resistance are pure manipulation. If the resistance &quot;actions of opposition something we do not approve and you do not agree, then the culture of resistance occurs when an entire culture reach a collective decision to resist such elements - and often it is the occupation.
 This is not a calculating decision. It was created through the long process of interaction of consciousness, samopotvrđenja, tradition, collective experience, symbols and other factors. It may be something new in relation to historical, cultural upheavals, but practically an internal process. Almost as a chemical reaction, just a lot more complicated, because it can not be broken down into basic elements. As it is not easy to understand, it is not easy nor delayed. So I tried to explain the first Palestinian uprising 1987th years, I&#39;ve been through in Gaza: &quot;It is not easy to single out the exact dates and events that inspired particular revolution. The original collective rebellion can not be rationalized through a coherent and discrete logic, physical laws of the universe, before it will be the culmination of experience that unites individuals into a group, their awareness of potsvest, uniting their connections and relationships with the environment, aiming to, at one time, explode in a way that can not be prevented. &quot; (From the book: &quot;My father was a freedom fighter: The Untold Story of Gaza&quot;) occupiers tend to vote with the popular resistance in several ways.
 One of them is the use of violence in order to dezorijentiše, destroy and rebuild Nacion, the desired form (see &quot;Shock Doctrine&quot; Naomi Klein). Another approach is to weaken the cultural components that give its unique identity and inner strength - thus eliminating the possibility of her resistance. The first way implies the power of weapons, otherwise it can to implement control means soft. Many of the nation&#39;s &quot;third world&quot; that is proud of its sovereignty and independence in fact, due to the fragmented and overwhelmed culture - through globalization - are not able to understand the breadth of their tragedy and addiction. Others, who are under occupation, often possess a culture of resistance, which completely disables the occupiers to carry out their desired goals. In Gaza, Palestine, while the media constantly talking about the rockets and Israel&#39;s security, and endlessly debatuju who is responsible for keeping the Palestinians as hostages, no one pays attention to children who are living in tents next to houses that were destroyed in Israeli attacks.
 These children participate in the same kultunom resistance which testifies to Gaza for the past six decades. In the notebooks draw soldiers with guns, children with a slingshot, a woman with flags, and occupying tanks and planes, and the graves with the inscription &quot;martyr&quot;, and destroyed homes. There is a word &quot;victory&quot; ever-present. When I was in Iraq, I saw a similar version of Children&#39;s Drawings. I still have video drawings Afghan children, but can easily assume what it is. Ramzy Baroud, Counterpunch (Netizen radio)
 