Indonesia is a Southeast Asian country whose territory consists of nearly 18 000 islands. The capital of Indonesia is Jakarta, located on the island of Java, which is one of the most densely populated places on Earth. In the past, Indonesia was a Dutch colony, and during the Second World War the country was occupied by Japan. After the fall of 1945 Japan, Indonesia is led by Sukarno declared independence, which was recognized in 1949 after a battle against the former Dutch colonizers. Contents [edit] History History of Indonesia reaches 2500th BC, when Java and Sumatra produced several countries raised by trade. Since 1511th The colonial period begins when the history of Indonesian occupied by the Portuguese and later the English and Dutch. Colonial period ends with the completion of the Second World War 1945th when the Indonesians declared independence and became the first president Sukarno.
 His successor, former general Suharto marked the recent history, stopping the economic decline. [Edit] Government of Indonesia is a multiparty republic with two legislative house. [Edit] Political divisions [edit] Geography Indonesia is located in the Malay Archipelago, the world&#39;s largest archipelago, between Indochina and Australia, and between the Indian and Pacific oceans. Close to the equator affects the climate in Indonesia so that the temperature in the plains reach very high values, while in the highlands of something cooler. [Edit] The economy of Indonesia is another country by exporting natural gas. The main crops are rice, tea, spices, etc. [edit] The population of Indonesia is the fourth most populated country in the world and the largest Islamic country. Malajskoj Indonesians belong to a group of people. They are divided into over 100 ethnic groups. Most of them are Javanci with 45%, 13% of Sunda, Malajci7 Madurci% and 6%.
 Approximately 87% of Indonesians are muslimami. With 195 million Muslims, Indonesia is the first country in the world in the number of Islamic followers. Islam spread rapidly from 14 per ostrvlju century, the arrival of Arab traders from the Indian Hadrameuta from south India. Christians, mostly Protestants and Catholics, comprise 10% of the population. Hindus and Buddhists 2% 1% in the smaller population. [Edit] The Republic of Indonesia Republic of Indonesia is an island nation in Southeast Asia. It is the largest island nation in the world. It occupies most of the Malay archipelago, also the world&#39;s largest archipelago. In the island of Borneo has a land border with Malaysia, with the Timor East Timor and New Guinea with Papua New Guinea. The territory of Indonesia consists of some 18,000 islands, of which about 6,000 inhabited. Among the largest are the already mentioned Borneo and New Guinea and Java are (with population more than half of the total population), Sumatra and Sulawesi.
 Island of Bali, though not one of the largest, is known as a tourist destination. The population of Indonesia is divided into numerous ethnic groups (788 members of various nations and tribes). Indonesian language is the mother of a relatively small population state, but is widely used as a universal second language. The most widespread religion is Islam which belongs to more than four fifths of the population (Indonesia is the most populous country with a Muslim majority). There are also Christianity, Hinduism and Buddhism. Indonesian economy in recent years recovering from the consequences of the Asian financial crisis of 1998. year. The state still plays a significant, although less, a role in the economy. GDP (gross national income) per capita (at purchasing power parity) is about 3200 U.S. dollars, with a growth rate of 4.8% per year in 2004. Indonesia was one of the countries hardest hit by the earthquake and Tsunami 26th
 December 2004. year. In the north of Sumatra, in Aceh province killed at least 220,000 people. [Edit] Culture [edit] Relevant articles [edit] External links p • d • Countries in Asia Countries Afghanistan • Azerbejdžan1) • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Bhutan • Brunei • Egipat2) • Ermenija4) • Philippines • Gruzija1) • India • Indonezija3 ) • Iraq • Iran • East Timor3) • Israel • Japan • Jordan • Yemen • South Korea • Cambodia • Qatar • Kazahstan1) • China • Kipar4) • Kyrgyzstan • Kuwait • Laos • Lebanon • Malaysia • Maldives • Mongolia • Myanmar • Nepal • Oman • Pakistan • Rusija1) • Saudi Arabia • Singapore • Syria • North Korea • Sri Lanka • Tajikistan • Thailand • Turkmenistan • Turska1) • United Arab Emirates • Uzbekistan • Vietnam Territories Hong Kong • Macau • Palestine • Taiwan • Unrecognised States Abkhazia • South Ossetia • Nagorno-Karabakh Northern Kipar4), 5) 1) Mostly in Europe.
 2) It is also part of Africa. 3) It is also part of Oceania. 4) The entire territory in Asia, but politically and culturally belong to Europe. 5) Recognized only by Turkey. p • d • States States Oceania Australia • Fiji • Indonezija1) • East Timor1) • Kiribati • Marshall Islands • Federated States of Micronesia • Nauru • New Zealand • Palau • Papua New Guinea • Samoa • Solomon Islands • Tonga • Tuvalu • Vanuatu Other territory of Australia Christmas Island • Cocos Islands • Heard Island and McDonald Archipelago • Island • Norfolk Islands Ashmore and Cartier Islands • coral sea • Jervis Bay Territory Chile Easter Island France French Polynesia • New Caledonia • • Clipperton Island Wallis and Futuna Islands New Zealand Cook Islands • Niue • Tokelau United States American Samoa • Johnston Atoll • Midway Atoll • Palmyra Atoll • Kingman Reef • Guam • Hawaii • Baker Island • Howland Island • Jarvis Island • Wake Island • Northern Pitcairn Islands UK 1) and considered part of Asia.
 Retrieved from &quot;http://bs.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indonezija Categories: Countries of the world | Countries of Southeast Asia | ASEAN Countries | Indonesia
 