France on Friday evening, despite several days of protests involving millions of French citizens, raised the retirement age limit from 60 to 62 years. Specifically, the Senate - the upper house of the French parliament - approved a controversial pension reform project initiated by French President Nicolas Sarkozy. Senators voted for the document which, among other things, provides for increasing the age for retirement at 62 years, the age limit for obtaining full state pension moves from 65 to 67 years. For legislative proposal is 177 senators voted in favor and against them were the 153rd The French government has resolutely defended the proposal - by emphasizing the need to preserve prezaduženog pension system from collapse. Unionists have pointed out that the retirement age of 60 years hard to electoral law and that the proposed changes injustice to workers. Protest movement led by unions, although all social classes were involved in protests, including a schoolboy.
 Before the law goes into effect, opponents of the project of pension reform, adopted in both houses of parliament, even with the observations can go to the Constitutional Court. Otherwise, the French police on Friday to remove blockages of major refineries, but the unions do not give up and announce new protests. On Friday morning, a day after unions called for new general protest 28th October and 11th November, the police removed the blockade of one of the key refineries in Grandpuitsu near Paris. Unionists have said that at least three people were injured in a shoving with police. Police officers carried out a government order to force strikers who have camped for days in front of the warehouse again to start the work of the refinery and the establishment of fuel supply. It is a command that can be issued when authorities estimate that the strike is a threat to public order and peace. It is binding on strikers to return to work under the threat of prosecution.
 Representatives of trade unions have announced that due to the actions of the police case to give the court, because doubt the legality of this type of takeover of the refinery. &quot;This is a direct obstruction of our rights to strike,&quot; said Charles Foulard of the CGT union. The main unions have called for two more protests in the next 10 days, thus demonstrating that they are willing to fight even after the adoption of the disputed law. The government, however, special measures accelerators legislation, because the pressure on Sarkozy&#39;s growing. With the interruption of traffic, Sarkozy is struggling with a 11-day strike at oil refineries and fuel storage blocks for which the closed fifth of petrol stations across the country, announced Energy Minister Jean-Louis Borloo. Worrying that the consequences the strike began to erode the already fragile French economy. France has just emerged from recession, a strike has hit the tourism and cultural life of the country. &quot;If the French are not careful, soon will join PIIGS countries and Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece and Spain as European countries whose economies are in trouble,&quot; said Professor Anthony Sabino of New York University.
 Sarkozy wants to reform, according to which the pension went with 62 instead of 60, or in a full pension with 67 instead of 65, pass quickly and painlessly, with the hope that the protests will fade. However, surveys on Friday announced Canal Plus shows that 70 percent of citizens still support the strike. The unions think that the strength of students, workers, public and private sectors prisliti government to withdraw from the pension reform, just as was the case 15 years ago.
 