Who is entitled to a refund of value added tax (VAT) for the purchase and delivery of products on the Croatian territory. Foreign nationals who have no residence or habitual residence in the Croatian territory, have the right to a refund of value added tax on goods they bought in Croatia. By purchasing products in our online store foreign citizen pays the full cost, which includes the VAT and the total value of the account must be a minimum of 500.00 kuna. When choosing a payment products in the basket should be selected and the &quot;Tax Refund Cheque&quot; to you on delivery of products with the account provided to Tax Free cash a check for the refund of taxes that can be achieved in his country at the counters of Global Tax Free Blue or authorized partners. Procedures to qualify for the refund of value added tax for goods purchased by you in our online store is as follows: At the exit from the Croatian border crossing (road, sea or air) purchased goods presented to customs authorities to certify a check for the Tax Free Cash tax return.
 Certified Tax Free check for a refund (Tax Refund Cheque) teaches at the counter of Global Tax Free Blue or authorized partner in your country where you will be paid a value added tax (VAT). Note: - you have purchased goods from the Croatian state within three months from the date of invoice. - Check for a refund buyer must apply for payment within six months from the date of invoice. - If you exceed the above requirements will lose the right to refund of value added tax (VAT). More information on where in the country can collect a check is located at the following website: http://www.global-blue.com/en/tax-free-shopping Tax Free Shopping Information about Blue Global Tax Free service for foreing customers visiting Croatia . Who is entitled to a tax-free shop? When shopping overseas you can claim a tax refund on purchases that you personally export from that country.
 To obtain a refund within the European Union (EU) you have to reside outside the Union. The following countries are members of the EU: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Poland, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Poland , Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. In Which countries can I shop tax free? Tax Free Shopping for overseas tourists is available in Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Korea, Latvia, Lebanon, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Mexico, Morocco, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Slovenia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and the United Kingdom. How do I know if a store is offering tax-free shopping, Currency Choice, or both? Look out for the Global Blue logo, if you can not see it, please ask the shop staff if they provide the service.
 Over 270.000 locations worldwide offer Blue Global Services, with the logo should be easy to find. NOTE: Marine Electronics Ltd. is authorized to offer Blue Global Services. To obtain Tax Refund Cheque for purchases in our web shop please click on Tax Refund Cheque option in the shopping cart. Purchases from our web shop will be shipped &quot;ONLY&quot; to delivery address inside Croatia. With purchased items will be include Invoice and Tax Refund Cheque on name used at time of registration in the web shop. Do I always need to validate the export of my goods? Yes. In order to obtain a refund on goods purchased you have to prove exportation with a customs stamp on your Tax Refund Cheque. Show your purchases, receipts, and the Tax Refund Cheque to customs officials before leaving the country, and have your check stamped. When traveling within the EU, show your purchases and documents to customs officials in the last EU country you visit before leaving Europe.
 When leaving by train, road or sea, show your purchases and documents to customs officials at the border or when you board the ship. Is a minimum spend required for entitlement to a tax refund? Yes. This is subject to national rules and the minimum spend required varies between countries and even between stores. For purchases in Croatia minimum spend required is 500.00 kuna. All payments will be effected in Serbian currency. The amount charged on your credit card account is converted into your local currency according to the exchange rate of credit card associations. NOTE: Purchases from Croatian shops must be exported by latest 3 months from invoice date. You must claim a tax refund inside 6 months from invoice date or issued Tax Refund Cheque will not be valid for refund. Where and how can I obtain my refund? You can receive your refund in the way that&#39;s most convenient. We can pay in cash, refund directly to your credit card, make a direct bank transfer, or send you a bank check.
 Please, be advised that Global Blue can only refund to international credit cards, ie.: Visa, MasterCard, Amex, Diners, JCB and CUP but not to debit cards. You can choose to receive an Immediate Refund, either to your credit card or in cash at the airport of departure, or collect your refund later in one of the 200 international Global Refund Blue Points. If you want the refund on your credit card, or a bank check sent to your home address, please fill in your contact details on your Tax Refund Cheque and mail it to the Global Blue address on your Tax Refund Cheque, using the designated envelope. How to cash the bank check? The international bank check is issued with the clause &quot;account payee only&quot;, which means it must be presented to your bank and deposited with your personal bank account. Global Refund checks to the bank not state any expiry date. It depends on each bank in each country whether it accepts to deposit the check.
 How do you calculate my refund amount? The VAT (or GST in some countries or VAT in Croatia) is a percentage added on top of list prices. For example: if the VAT rate is 20% and a dress is displayed at € 100, including VAT, the VAT amounts to € 16.50. (Dress Price: € 83.5 + 20% VAT = € 100) The refund amount will thus be € 16.50, minus a handling fee. Currency Conversion Fee - explanation fee of 3% -5% Under the article REFUND RULES there is stated: For a Non-Cash Refund in a different currency than the currency in Which the Cheque is issued, the current &quot;we sell&quot; rates of a recognized European retail bank, plus 3-5%, will be applied for the currency conversion. Credit card account will always be customer&#39;s credit in local currency or in the currency in Which is the Credit Card issued. What can I do if my name is misspelled on the check / the check has expired / the bank does not accept the check? Please return the check to the postal address stated below along with a letter detailing how you would like the payment to be made and we will gladly have this refund reissued.
 Kindly note that we can refund to CREDIT CARD: - VISA - MASTER CARD - DINERS - JCB - CUP BANK ACCOUNT to: - Denmark - UK - Germany - Switzerland - Sweden - Finland - France - Norway (requested information regarding bank accounts: account number , bank code and name of the account holder) Bank Cheque in the following currencies: - Canadian Dollar - Swiss Franc - Koruna Danish - Euro - Pound Sterling - Hong Kong Dollar - Japanese Yen - U.S. Dollar For more information please visit Blue Global Tax Free web site here: http://www.global-blue.com/en/tax-free-shopping Tax Free delivery with purchase option outside of Croatia. If you are interested in products from our web shop and would like delivery of goods outside of Australia please contact us by email or phone with your inquiry. We can deliver some of our products directly to your address from our supplier stock at net price + shipping and handling charges worldwide.
 This option only for PD-products from the following manufactures: Sea Tel, epak, Offshore, Naval, RF Tuote, Astella RR &amp; Electronics. For more infomation and orders please contact us by email, phone +385 51.85423 million or Skype: mec-Punat
 