He tapped it and that moment, rescuers broke through the hole to the trapped miners Chilean! Use the Adobe Flash Player 8 For more advanced options for viewing video please install the Adobe Flash Player 9 Adobe Flash Player 9 can be downloaded here Loading ... Add video to your blog to reach the miners more videos to reach miners 03:02 Rescuers reached the miners! 01:08 Everything is ready to rescue coal miners 02:13 Around San Jose was born in a little town 02:58 Joy due out soon miners 01:34 The first of three capsules to extract the miners 01:13 Gallery Embrace and facilitating First Lady of Chile and Minister Laurence Golbornea (Reuters) Until a couple of hours all count the last meter to the final goal at a depth of 700 meters - the underground chamber where the miners are trapped. For 33-ojicu Chilean miners-heroes, it is literally sviijetlo at the end of the tunnel, after 66 days of captivity.
 &gt;&gt; VIDEO: lifeguard hours only share of the miners? The final breakthrough to the Chamber of miners occurred slightly after 8 am local time and 13 hours of our time. Sirens were sounded and a wave of enthusiasm all the miners&#39; families, rescuers and officials broke up around the mine in San Jose. Draw for three to eight days&#39; to two, maximum three-hour tunnel will be dug. We are only three or four feet of the miners, but the last phase of drilling has to be slow and careful to avoid landslides, &quot;said a couple of hours a Chilean Senator Baldo Prokurica. &#39;We are in constant communication with the miners and they help us,&quot; he added was. Minister of Mining Laurence Golborne told reporters yesterday he would pull the miners to the surface from the mine in San Jose, only to start about three to eight days, the BBC reported. An hour of every miners Rescuers and relatives to celebrate the arrival of miners drilling (Photo: APTN ) engineer led a team of rescuers to drill a hole to miners Andre Sougarret, adding that he will have to send a series of long hole camera, in order to convince everyone that there is no danger to the miners.
 Top of the tunnel will definitely need to provide steel pipes, because the stone is crumbling and it is quite unstable around the entrance, the BBC reported. Using the camera will determine whether the miners extract capsule without further lining the walls of the tunnel with steel pipe. These decisions should be made soon, said Golborne. For these purposes, they were brought to court and large cranes, which descended a number of steel tube tunnel. It is estimated that each miner take an hour to take it out on the surface. During the rescue the miners will be divided into three groups. First will come out of those who are in good shape and know how to use technology. Miners-heroes will be wearing sunglasses on the surface before rescue, the miners will furnish lifeguards sunglasses, so they would not be sunlight after all this time under the earth tormented and blinded them. Almost so that one should not talk to the hundreds of newspapers from various parts of the world to cover this monumental epilogue to the biggest rescue of miners in the world so far.
 Presrerni Families of detained relatives of the miners were intercepted. Many are camped along the collapsed mine. Some ran to the slope of the Camp Hope there waving Chilean flags, the BBC reported. &#39;I am happy. I feel great relief. Soon I will see the son, &quot;said Alicia Campos, mother of miner Daniel Herrera. Remember, the 33 miners trapped in mine in San Jose since the fifth August, after being part of the mine collapsed. So far, nobody in the world for so long remained trapped underground. News / World VIDEO: Miracle survived a terrible crash 12.11.2010 / 11:01 Americans tested the cannon that fires a projectile with speed ... 12.11.2010 / 10:41 survived fall from 12th floors and charged with attempted suicide ... 12.11.2010 / 08:15 Richard Holbrooke ended up in hospital, 11.12.2010 / 07:27 Sculpture 4400 years old sold for $ 16,800,000 10.12.2010 / 22:22 Damaged cruise ship happily sailed to Argentina, 10.12.2010 / 21:01 Share Leave a comment
 