The leaders of the countries of the G20 summit in the capital of South Korea Seoul the next day trying to resolve the tension between individual delegations on the issue of how to correct the currency and trade. Many fear it could break and more serious conflict, primarily between the U.S. and China, which could hamper the growth of world economy, carry foreign media. However, the U.S. official, who requested anonymity, expressed optimism that the summit declaration to support the resolution of global economic inequality, adding that China seeks to influence Washington with his fear for the survival of their currencies. - Given the recent tensions and current developments in our relationship with China, I am very encouraged by the progress that I saw - said an anonymous U.S. official novinarina BBC. In the meantime, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy and Spain issued a joint statement to try to calm the nervous, resulting in the bond market can be vulnerable around the future of the EU fund to rescue troubled economies.
 The leaders of these countries also discussed the growing problem in Ireland which is discussing whether the European Union need to &quot;jump&quot; to help with the increasing debt of the country. - Any new aid would be entered into force in mid-2013th year and would have no impact on current arrangements - said leaders of five European countries. United Kingdom, France and Russia were invited early this morning for talks about a possible global imbalances which could represent a threat to world economic activity, and all about the tension between the U.S. and China. However, negotiators had reportedly failed to agree on any indicators that the International Monetary Fund could indicate that these tensions crossed the border or that countries should participate in reducing global imbalances. Specifically, Washington still claims it as publicly repeated for some time, and that is that the Chinese yuan artificially weak VLAuto and that thanks to Chinese exporters an unfair advantage that, say the Americans, Beijing allows the accumulation of vast amounts of foreign reserves.
 However, Chinese officials say that Beijing is ready to reform its currency regime, but before that wants to achieve global economic security. - If you are sick yourself, do not ask others to remedy - in Seoul said a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Commerce Yu Jianhua. However, Americans are faced with criticism from several countries for the injection of another 600 billion dollars into its economy in order to revive growth. Beyond all these discussions, is expected to present UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon require world leaders to keep their promises to the poor in the world, despite the current differences between them.
 