The World Monday, 24.05.2010. Tags: U.S., China, North Korea 16:30 Korean crisis: the U.S. is trying to win over China, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tried, without apparent success, to win over China in Beijing in connection with the crisis on the Korean peninsula, for which Japan has decided to keep U.S. military base in Okinawa, the agency reported Monday. &quot;Sjevernokorejci have created an extremely delicate situation in the region (...) I can say that the Chinese understand the seriousness of the situation we are facing,&quot; Clinton said on the first Sino-American dialogue in Beijing. China&#39;s only ally in the region of communist North Korea and why the U.S. calls to press Pyongyang official. However, China has cautiously accepted the outcomes of investigations which showed that North Korea in March, a South Korean ship sank killing 46 sailors, according to Reuters. Analysts agree that China does not want to press Pyongyang for fear that, if the regime collapses, and extremely poor, isolated country, a mess and spilled over its territory and could even bring U.S. troops closer to its limits.
 United States, which has 28 000 troops on the Korean peninsula, clearly supports South Korea, which has requested an apology neighboring countries and allies to support the imposition of new UN sanctions, Pyongyang. But it is unlikely that sanctions would be supported by China, and Clinton avoided answering whether Washington to support new sanctions, according to Reuters. Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama on Monday explained that the tension on the Korean peninsula contributed to his decision to keep U.S. military base in Okinawa, U.S. says AP. The Japanese have long been required by the departure of U.S. troops from Okinawa, which was also Hatoyamino campaign promise, but analysts believe that such a decision is triggered and the growing Chinese military. On the way to Beijing Hatoyami Clinton thanked the &quot;difficult but correct decision.&quot; South Korean President Lee Myung-bak called on Pyongyang to apologize and announced that the dispute brought before the UN Security Council, and his government has banned all trade, investment and exchange visits with North Korea.
 These decisions will further complicate the humanitarian situation in North Korea and make it even more dependent on China. (H)
 