General Petraeus was in several media appearances that he said is more important in Afghanistan to achieve targets and the Afghan government &quot;osoviti on its feet than a drunk fence to keep the date fixed for the withdrawal of U.S. troops. - President and I, we sat and talked in the Oval Office, and he expressed very clearly that what he expects from me my best professional military advice that I can give him. He did not send me here to ask you more elegant way. My orders are to do everything humanly possible to assist us in achieving our goals. After he assumed command from General McChrystal, who was sacked due to excessive statement published in Rolling Stone where he and his ugly pobočnici expressed about civilian state leadership, the U.S., Petraeus began to apply the method which has already achieved success in the Iraq war . His team is Frederick W.
 Kagan of the American Enterprise Institute, one of the creators of &quot;flying&quot;, which has repeatedly publicly criticized the Afghan government, and fight widespread corruption Petraeus has entrusted Brigadier General HR McMaster, who was in Iraq gained a reputation as one of the most innovative American najoštroumnijih and senior officers. In addition to lamenting the damage that the publication of secret documents on Wikileaks inflicted on the American war effort, General Petraeus mentioned the U.S. commitment that if you should stay longer in Afghanistan (the first speculation that Petraeus cited by Obama to seek an additional six months), but that job in order be as much as possible: - It is clear that the enemy is fighting, considers this a crucial moment, he believes that everything he needs to do more than just us to endure this season struggles, but it is not the case - said the American chief commander, adding that the in order to normalize the situation even willing to negotiate with &quot;the bloody hand of the Taliban.&quot;
 General Petraeus declined in any way discuss the status Walija Ahmed Karzai, the president&#39;s brother, who many believe are the key players in the popular Afghan korupcionaštvu, but said that with President Karzai has a good relationship - I spoke with the president literally a day on average. We took long conversations, mostly at his residence, walking in the garden. President Karzai is the elected leader of a sovereign state. So the people looking at him at length, so he is - and must - be our partner. How is the difficult task of establishing any sort of functional government in Afghanistan, says the next best quote: There have been years, but lupam head to get out. Our guys fought bravely in Afghanistan ... But if you do not begin to change the approach, we will be there for another 20 years, or even the 30th We have not learned how to wage war in such circumstances. We had a clearly defined goal - to establish a friendly regime in Afghanistan ...
 And now we have to complete this process as quickly as possible. (The word is pronounced the former President Bush, neither the current Obama nor General McChrystal, even General Petraeus, said it was Mikhail Gorbachev, November 13, 1986.)
 