On the global scale, action Earth Hour, which has already started in the eastern regions, including: • 125 countries and territories on all seven continents are preparing for a historical event for Climate Action 1274 • famous buildings will turn off lights for Earth Hour Of favelas in Rio de Janeiro to the hills of Los Angeles, hundreds of millions of people from all parts of society and is all over the world will gather at the time of an unprecedented time of celebration and contemplation of what is common to every person on the planet - on the planet Earth. In that event this year to participate 56 major cities and eight countries out of 10 najnapučenijih metropolitan areas of the planet, among the most prominent world cities participating are: • Beijing • London • New York • Paris • Moscow • Tokyo • Berlin • Rome • Stockholm • Cairo • Washington DC • Rio de Janeiro • Dubai • Mexico City • Sydney • Delhi • Singapore • Toronto • Copenhagen • Manila • Istanbul • Nairobi • Bangkok • Los Angeles • Barcelona • Hong Kong • Buenos Aires • Cape Town ...
 and Davis Station in Antarctica, the Great Pyramids and Sphinx at Giza, the most powerful symbol of the unified actions of the people of the ancient world, leading the 1274 list of the wonders that man-made and natural wonders around which will extinguish the lights around the world. Among them are the Forbidden City • Beijing • Eiffel Tower and Arc de Triomphe in Paris • Empire State Building in New York • Buckhingham Palace and Big Ben in London • Brandenburg Gate in Berlin • Acropolis in Athens • Fontana di Trevi and the Colosseum in Rome • Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe • Memorial Centre for Peace in Hiroshima • Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco • Sydney Harbour Bridge and Opera House • Las Vegas Strip • India Gate and Red Fort in Delhi • Edinburgh Castle • CN Tower in Toronto • Burj Khalifa in Dubai (the tallest building in the world) • Millennium Stadium in Cardiff • Bosphorus Bridge in Istanbul • Christ the Redeemer statue in Rio de Janeiro • Table Mountain in Cape Town • London Eye • Bird&#39;s Nest Stadium in Beijing • Kuwait Towers • Merlion in Singapore • Angel Independence in Mexico City • Niagara Falls • U.S. Tapei 101 • Cathedral of St..
 Paul London • Sears Tower in Chicago • United Palace in Bangkok is a strong basis for a global message of hope and action by the fact that the Earth Hour project is open: • Earth Hour has more than two million friends in electronically linked to social networks • Worldwide thousands of videos showing the Earth Hour, an official video Earth Hour is currently being displayed approximately every four seconds to http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FclcMfzjwug • Earth Hour is among the 10 top trending topics on Twitter around the world • The term &quot;Earth Hour&quot; (&quot;Earth Hour&quot;) appeared in the last 24 hours more than 30 million times, &quot;Whether you join their community in the square to watch the city lights off, or out party the circle of friends with their lights off, I urge everyone around the world to be part of this historic occasion. Turn off the lights, celebrate the planet, enjoy the moment and show the world what can be done, &quot;said Andy Ridley, executive director and one of the founders of the action Sata for our planet.
 The hour for our planet Earth Hour is a global initiative of WWF-related climate change. We invite individuals, businesses, governments and communities to turn off lights for one hour on Saturday, 27 at 20:30 hours and thus express support for the action of climate change. This event kicks 2007th in Sydney, where two million people exclude light. In 2008. attended by more than 50 million people worldwide. Next, 2009. The number of the participants has risen to several hundred million, participated in 4159 cities, towns and municipalities in 88 countries, and many of the world&#39;s most famous landmarks. About WWF World Wide Fund for Nature (World Wide Fund for Nature - WWF) is one of the largest and most respected independent conservation organizations in the world. WWF has the support of nearly five million people and has an active network of organizations in over 100 countries worldwide. WWF&#39;s mission is to stop the destruction of the natural environment on Earth and build a future in which humans live in harmony with nature, preserving the world&#39;s biological diversity, ensuring sustainable use of renewable natural resources and promoting the reduction of pollution and wasteful consumption.
 