Brussels, 26 April 2010. (Icom, internet) - Belgium to this week could again fall into a serious political crisis with us uncertain outcome is not quite find a solution to the problem about which they have spent years arguing two linguistic communities in the country. Last Thursday-Democratic Prime Minister Yves Leterme tendered his resignation to King Albert II. after the Flemish Liberals from the party, Open VLD decided to leave the ruling coalition. Open VLD, which is rapidly losing support in the northern Belgian region of Flanders, apparently has decided to raise public support in taking those positions Flemish parties who otherwise advocate the independence of Flanders. Open VLD set an ultimatum demanding that a solution is found for frankofonog voting population in the Flemish municipalities around Brussels until Thursday, when it meets Belgium&#39;s lower house of parliament, otherwise they will require that most of the accents Flemish Francophone representatives and a decision that will frakonfonom population in Flanders take away their right to vote for their party.
 Albert II. have not yet declared whether it accepts the government&#39;s resignation to President francophone liberals, Finance Minister Didier Reynders gave him the role of mediator zaduživši quickly to initiate negotiations between the Flemish and francophone leaders to discuss the issue of electoral districts, which includes Brussels and its surroundings. The disintegration of the ruling coalition and the resignation Letermeove government, two months before taking over the rotating EU presidency, has pushed the country into the largest ever crisis, and would be completed within 40 days had to call early elections, which, according to all estimates, further complicate situation. After the last parliamentary elections in June 2007., Leterme took nine months to make up its first government, which was only confirmed in March 2008. And then, the main stumbling block was the electoral district Brussels-Hal-Vilvord, so. BHV. Brussels capital region, which consists of 19 municipalities and is one of three federal units and the 35 municipalities in Flanders at the border with the Brussels region is the only area in Belgium where it is carried out by the end of linguistic demarcation.
 Brussels, which once had a Flemish majority, today is officially bilingual area but with a huge French-speaking majority of over 80 percent. Around Brussels 100-150000 francophone residents living in 35 municipalities in Flanders, which rely on Brussels in which the official language is Dutch. These municipalities have a special status, which allows people with local government and the courts are able to communicate in French, and the election may vote for Francophone parties. Linguistically divided country Because Belgium is linguistically divided country, in Flanders in the north of the country speaks Dutch, and in the south in Wallonia, French, voters vote for parties from their language community, a coalition of federal government created later. Most Flemish parties and public opinion in Flanders seeks to divide BHV electoral district, that is to separate these 35 municipalities of Brussels, which would Francophone population lost their rights has now.
 In this way, count of Flanders, it is easier to resist the growing doseljevanju people whose native language is Dutch. Brussels as well as economic, academic and cultural center and the headquarters of the EU institutions and NATO, and attracts large numbers of people, it is increasingly difficult to find accommodation and so there is a growing pressure on the surrounding community. Flemish authorities have used various means to prevent and municipalities lose Flemish character. Often these funds are in the clear contradiction to the basic rights and rules on free movement of EU, whose institutions are just a few miles away. Recently it was discovered that in some municipalities in the region of Brussels has been conducting linguistic discrimination, so as to prevent the housing French-speaking inhabitants of Belgium and all the verbal agreement of the Chief of municipalities and real estate agency. For years, trying to find a negotiated solution between the Flemish parties seeking the unconditional distribution of BHV-and Francophone, which is a priori not oppose the division, but in turn requires expansion of the Brussels region of the boundary municipalities where the Francophone population has already become the majority, which would be the capital and territorial merged with the southern region of Wallonia, where French is the official language.
 Problems due to long-decisions In order to understand the question until the end of BHV and linguistic misunderstandings need to go back to the very beginning of creation of Belgium. The former Roman province of Belgica briefly during the late 18 century was an independent country called the United Belgian States, and before that she was under the crown of Spanish and Austrian Habsburgs. The state has lost the independence of the joining of the French Republic, and the 1815th It is an area annexed by the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Catholic south and the kingdom that is today&#39;s Belgian territory, stood up in 1830. against the Protestant rule of the Dutch dynasty, and France is now trying to restore the territory under its wing, which was strongly opposed by Britain, which is the port of Antwerp has always been considered &quot;a gun pointed at the heart of the UK&quot; and therefore had to remain neutral. Paris and London, to avoid war, agreed that Belgium becomes an independent and neutral country, and to a kingdom, a king was elected Leopold Sakskoburggotski.
 From artificial structures created by the will of the then big powers should be to build a nation. Residents said the northern part of the Flemish dialect of Dutch language, and to the south in Wallonia, the French. The best way to build the nation and the Flemish and Walloon elite saw in the French language, which was then the world&#39;s first language, and he became the official language in public administration and education. It is at this decision today lie the problems of Belgium. Soon after being born Flemish movement that seeks to equalize their language with French and later led to building a sound Flemish identity. Pressure for izjednačavenje French and Flemish was becoming more particularly after the introduction of universal suffrage 1919th and 1932nd first language of the region are enrolled in the laws of the country. Census of 1947. showed that Francophone population is slowly eroding the Flemish territory around Brussels in particular.
 Flanders, therefore, seeks to stop the spread of the &quot;Francophone oil slicks,&quot; and that is definitely fixed linguistic boundaries. This is done legally adopted 1962nd which is also provided to 19 municipalities that are now part of Brussels to become bilingual, and that the mixed community along the linguistic border line get a special status, which will be Flemish, Francophone population were entitled to use their language in official communications. In early 1970-ies started the federalization of the country. Belgium is divided into three regions that represent federal entities: Flanders, Brussels and Valon region. In addition to these divisions, there is a division of the linguistic communities: the French community, which covers the Brussels and Valon and the German community (sixty thousands of Germans living in the east of Wallonia and Germany is one of the three official languages). Each of these communities has its own government and parliament in their jurisdiction as education and culture.
 There is Flemish-speaking community as culture and education within the jurisdiction of the federal units of Flanders. Interestingly, the Flemish to the capital of Flanders set Bruxelles, though legally speaking he does not belong to the federal unit, but is geographically an enclave in Flanders is very close to the border with Valonijiom. Walloons are to choose their capital Namur. This fact indicates that the Flemish possibly an independent Flanders without Brussels can not see, which is Francophone population, which represents the vast majority of the capital, completely unacceptable. Many believe that Brussels together with the boundary municipalities, which together form the electoral district BHV last thread that holds together Belgium, a country which for many years is in the process of evaporation.
 