We were not 50 to 60 percent of tourists who arrive in the spring of aircraft from Britain, Scandinavia and northern Germany, while the area of Dubrovnik &#39;flies&#39; as 70 to 90 percent of foreigners, says Mladen Šebelić write SNJEŽANA DUKIĆ MARIJANA Šešo AHMET KALAJDŽIĆ Due to difficulties in the European air traffic caused by the eruption of volcanoes in Iceland, the Croatian economy, especially tourism during the preseason, could suffer significant consequences. Balance is not yet alarming, but this weekend due to flight cancellations in Croatia is stuck, or failed to arrive, about ten thousand guests, we found out in the Ministry of Tourism. Many tourists canceled their booked capacity and the losses are large, because the tour operators and hoteliers, and car rental agencies, due to exceptional circumstances, likely to return the advance to those whose flights were canceled, according to the Association of Croatian Travel Agencies (UHPA). Two million euros - We are still in the midst of crisis, the losses are added up, and guests from the pre-season will hardly compensate.
 Fortunate that the eruption did not occur in a full season, because it would be a disaster - says Boris Žgomba, President UHPA. Pre-season guests are waiting for the arrival of the plans are changing from day to day so it is hard to predict what will be for seven days. Although the spring vacation, most guests come organized road (PKV) transport from Germany and Austria, in Istria and Kvarner 20 percent of them came by plane. The situation is more difficult in Dalmatia, where the spring 50 to 60 percent &quot;avioturista&quot; from England, Scandinavia and northern Germany, while the Dubrovnik area, &quot;flies&quot; as much as 70 to 90 percent of foreigners, says Mladen Šebelić, director of the Association of Employers in Croatian hotel . &quot;Croatia Airlines&quot; estimates that only four days suffered direct financial harm of around two million euros. The company, in addition, it suffers large indirect damage of which is at present still very difficult to speak.
 - The company suffered the loss of passenger confidence in the civilian air traffic as a fast, efficient, shortest way to travel. Not because of security but because of the possibility of using, and opt for alternative forms of transport - said Srecko Simunovic, CEO of Croatia Airlines for marketing and procurement. The question is, Simunovic says, when the company will return to the position it had before the closure of airspace, which is due to the global crisis and the recession was already bad. Experts calculate the Dubrovnik airport as it is, not counting Monday, the total losses from the small scale of the southernmost Croatian airport and lack of services provided to passengers as a direct result of volcanic eruptions in Iceland around 138 000 euros! In just four days of forced idleness at Cilipi canceled a total of 82 operations and take-off (the) landing passenger aircraft and the lack of passengers was 5800th
 Part of the loss of waste and lost revenue in the airport duty free shop, but the amount of unrealized transactions relevant yet do not want to say. Without insurance Airlines now depend on weather reports. In such circumstances it is difficult to organize and plan for passenger transport, telling passengers whether their aircraft take off or be canceled at the last minute. Thus, for example, on Sunday, the four flights that has managed to organize the opening of air space, &quot;Croatia Airlines&quot; instead of 750 passengers, as was anticipated, transported them only 88th The worst is all that airlines are not insured as a result of the weather (no) opportunities, including disasters such as in this case, volcanic dust, and still do not know how to cover the losses incurred. - This form of insurance that would protect the airlines from such a disaster, simply does not exist - Simunovic says, adding that help from the state something that the company expects.
 The most frequent release of Dance of Croatian airports Zagreb and Split, still add up the losses they caused the cancellation of flights due to volcanic ash clouds. While ZL Zagreb last weekend had to cancel hundreds of flights canceled Split 96 of them, which was supposed to travel 10-11000 passengers. Trains on the profit because the closed European airspace, in recent days benefited only terrestrial passenger transport. Thus, Croatian Railways from the first day showed increased passenger traffic. - All international trains are full, all reservations are sold out, and introduce additional carriages on the routes to Zurich, Munich and Belgrade - said Vlatka Skoric, head of Corporate Communications and Railways. He points out that all international lines required, especially by night in Zurich and Munich, which is a fast rail transport, easy to reach any destination in Europe.
 But how Railways in the last four days due to heavy traffic uprihodio, Skoric still could not tell. Failed promotion in Beijing due to smoke over Europe collapsed and the official visit to Lawrence Cannon, Canada&#39;s minister of foreign affairs in Zagreb should meet with Gordan Jandrokovic, Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration. Because of the canceled flight to China will go to representatives of UHPA nor the Croatian National Tourist Board who are travel agents in Beijing and Shanghai should present a holiday on the Adriatic. Canceled &#39;Jazzarella&#39; Because of the eruption and culture suffered because of the fifth Jazz Festival Jazzarella &quot;canceled due to the absence of Dee Dee Bridgewater and Eliane Elias Quartet, a concert Casandra Wilson Sextet was transferred to the next week. Organizer Drazen Kokanović damage is estimated at 300,000 kuna. Zadar: lost € 120,000 and 4000 passengers from Thursday, when the ash was canceled due vuklanskog first flight to Brussels, from Monday, Zadar airport has lost more than 120 000 euros and four thousand passengers.
 In the last four days have been canceled all international flights, and thus all operations of the handling of the aircraft which the airport resides. If we add to it and all its related services, from restaurants to shops, such a financial loss to the size of the Zadar airport is a major blow. - The worst thing is that these figures are not final. We received notification that there will be no flights on Tuesday and probably Wednesday. Here, everything stopped, I just hope that this situation will not last long - he says director Catherine Airport Zadar Pupić Bakrač. With international flights, shall be canceled and domestic: the aircraft did not fly to Zagreb or flights, because passengers can not continue anyway, while waiting for the Dance does not make sense. While the aircraft landed, passengers with canceled flights were accommodated in hotels in Borik and Pinija and in the youth hostel. AVS.
 