"1/3 of registered Arizona voters are Independent voters" Wow! Time to make the "Independent Party" an official Party name I think. Time to start funding it and they will come because they are already THERE. Time to spell out the 10 planks. Time to Raise the money and Buy the TV DEBATE TIME for your candidates. As the economy hits crises so will the two party crisis hit. It seems to me the "voters" have a Party without an organization. I can hear the door knocking campaign now.... YOU: "Knock, Knock" "Hello?" YOU: "Hi, is this Mrs. Johnson? (Mrs Very Frustrated?)" Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Yes, what is this about?" YOU: "Our records show that you are not registered as Democrat or a Republican, is that right?" Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Oh yes, we registered as Independents". YOU: "Great. I am glad we've found you. Do you know we now are holding our own Televised Debates for our own Independent Candidates?" Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Really? Well its about time. I am tired of watching just two people on stage come election time". YOU: "We could not agree more. We now have our own party, the Independent Party. We are of course neither democrats or republicans, neither left or right. Would you like to give $10 to join the Independent Party? By joining you can support Independent candidates who sing a different tune and have different answers to today's problems." Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Well what does the Independent Party stand for?" YOU: "The Independent Party allows you to vote the person." Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Well what is the platform? What does the Independent Party stand for?" YOU: "There is no platform. As you know, those who run as an independent have their own mind. Its our job to hear them out. Of course the person running as an Independent may be more conservative on one or two issues, while liberal something else, green on another issues, and even constitutionalists or libertarian on other issues. Again, there is no platform, we vote the person. The points is, you get to vote the person and what they stand for." Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Do you think a 3rd party has a chance against the democrats or republicans? You know Ross Perot tried it and only got I think 17% of the vote." YOU: "Yes I do. Back in Ross Perot's day not many people thought of themselves as Independents. Do you know that 1/3 of Arizona's voters today are registered as Independents?" Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Wow, is that true?" YOU: "Yes, take a look at this data straight from the voter registration rolls. You will see that democrats are just above 1/3 and republicans are about a 1/3. SO we Independents, we are a force today and we don't even know it!" Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Wow! Its good to know I am not the only one. I know some friends of mine that vote democrat or republican, but they are frustrated too." YOU: "With your $10 donation to our private Independent Party, it will go to a National Television debate full -let me repeat that -FULL of Independent Candidates!!!!!". Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Wow, Ok, here's my ten dollars." YOU: "I am sorry I cannot accept any money. I am just a volunteer and we don't take money. Because we are very open with our books, its all automated. We ask that you go online here at www.iparty.org and make your donation." Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Oh that is safe I guess". YOU: "Yes it is. You can see the thermometer grow as donation poor in. And you can watch how and where your money gets spent." Mrs. Very Frustrated: "What is the Independent Party spending its money on?" YOU: "That is a good question. You can see that all on line. Best of all, all members can view the expenses and the income. Its all open book in real time." Mrs. Very Frustrated: "What will I see when I get into the website?" YOU: "You will see that there is just two expense categories that you can contribute too. One is for the TELEVISED NATIONAL DEBATES by the Independent Party to be aired 4 months before elections" Mrs. Very Frustrated: "and the other is..?" YOU: "and the other category is the Independent Candidate's campaign itself. You can pick one or both to contribute money. We try to keep it real simple." Mrs. Very Frustrated: "But is it safe or will I be reading in the paper how someone ran off with the money? YOU: "Good question. Its all on-line, open book, open software, and open to anyone who wishes to audit us." Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Who gets paid in running the day to day operations of the Independent Party?" YOU: "Wow! another good question. The 5 board members who do take a salary also have their accounts all on-line and you can track their whereabouts and spending. We believe that is how government ought to be, OPEN for us to see, while we citizens stay private". Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Ok, it sounds interesting. One thing for sure is I know my husband and I do not want to be stuck with two lousy choices yet again. It seems as far back as 1971 all we get is two lousy choices. I would rather vote for the local university president to be president than some of the people that we have had. I would join today but my computer is giving me problems." YOU: "Oh that is not a problem. We have a laptop and a secure line. Would you like to do it right here?" Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Yes. And I will contribute $100 not ten because really want to see the TV Debates, then choose my candidate after that." YOU: "Is there anything else I can do for you?" Mrs. Very Frustrated: "I don't know, do we have a logo? You know the Democrats are donkeys and the Republicans are Elephants...." YOU: "I think many of us are copying and using this Wise Old Owl who stands on the tree of liberty, holds the Constitution in one hand and the Liberty torch in the other while draped in the American Flag. Would you like to see it? Its kind of cute. Sure beats that fat elephant and dumb donkey! Go here and copy it if you like. The owner wants us to copying it and use as we wish. http://politicalzoocartoon.com/ " Mrs. Very Frustrated: "Wow! Thank You! I can't wait to break the two party system. Its like Coke & Pepsi, and its now time for some Tea!"

