Due to the imminent withdrawal of U.S. forces from Iraq, today&#39;s parliamentary elections in that country received another important dimension. They represent a new step in the evolution of the local political scene. However, whether this is a step forward or backwards? The answer to this question could have significant implications for Iraq and the United States. Despite the bombings, and religious divisions, there are high hopes that Iraq can carry out the elections will be free of controversy and relatively calm. But whether political factions, which are mostly organized by religious or ethnic lines, fit together and consolidate the fragile democracy? Either the country will again sink into strife and violence? Before the elections, expressed the hope and fear. Former national security adviser, an expert on Iraq, Meghan O&#39;Sullivan said that the Iraqi electoral scene diversified than in 2005. year: &quot;If you compare the political coalition or party 2005th
 and today you can see something positive, and it is no more parties that are by their nature exclusively religious. There remains one major Shiite party, as before, but there are several Sunni parties. Instead of a Kurdish parties now there are two that could get a significant number of votes. We expect that the vote be divided among multiple parties. &quot;Former Director of Iraq at the National Security Council Charles Dunne says Iraqi voters today are many important things, not just the identity of Shiites, Sunnis and Kurds,&quot; Religious tensions have always been existed and always will be. However it is encouraging that the local elections of 2009. The citizens are moving away from identification with strict religious policies, and more on practical issues such as - public services, public safety, supply of electricity or water. &quot;But Kamran Bokhari, who works for a private intelligence firm Stratfor, says that ethnic and religious identity still the key determinant in the country: &quot;The situation is changing.
 Of course, people want solid management and we see that all parties are moving in that direction. Yet among Shiites, Sunnis and Kurds, there are fears when it comes to relations between these groups. Sunnis believe that their country takes more than giving them. This means that their party can not give up religious or ethnic ways of thinking and focus on improving public administration. &quot;Religious and ethnic tensions are strengthened when the parliament, dominated by Shiites, Sunni disqualified 511 candidates for alleged links with the outlawed party of Saddam Hussein. Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, Shiites who are trying to appear as a nationalist rather than religious candidate, supported the move. But Sunnis consider him blatantnim use of political power, by today dominatnih Shiites. But the difference from 2005., Sunnis do not intend to boycott these elections. It is estimated that no single party will emerge as the clear winner and that will begin long after the election coalition negotiations.
 Dunne says that Charles would be the most dangerous period for Iraq and the United States: &quot;After the elections in 2005. In, had to wait five months to agree on the key people from the new government. It will again be a period of greatest tension. Here the United States will have to bring a lot of decisions, in consultation with the Iraqi government. Among other things, about the size of the U.S. contingent and the scheduled withdrawal. &quot; U.S. combat troops should be withdrawn from Iraq by the end of August. If the political negotiations could be delayed to coincide with the deadline for withdrawal. The U.S. government announced it would be, if there is a dramatic deterioration in security, the withdrawal take place as planned. Kamran Bokhari says that the administration of President Obama&#39;s success in Iraq is very important. Analysts say, however, that the United States have more political influence in Iraq as before. The impact that is left should be used gently and skillfully - experts warn.
 