The Heads of State and Government of the participants in the process of cooperation in Southeast Europe Cooperation Process (SEECP) on Wednesday adopted the Istanbul Declaration, which is committed to regional cooperation, a Croatian diplomat Hidi Biščević extended the mandate of the Secretary General of the Regional Cooperation Council, the operating body of the SEECP. At a press conference held by the presidents of Turkey as the previous one-year presidency, Montenegro as the new Chair and Serbia as a future, Turkish President Abdullah Gul stressed as extremely important step in the recent adoption of the Declaration on Srebrenica, the Serbian parliament. Asked about the absence of representatives of Kosovo, despite the aim of the involvement of the entire region into a process of cooperation, Gul, with whom he sat Boris Tadic, President of Serbia does not recognize an independent Kosovo, said it was &quot;important to begin a dialogue, and it seems to be here &quot;.
 &quot;We confirm regional cooperation and good neighborly relations on the principles of the Charter of the SEECP, the UN Charter, the Helsinki Document, OSCE, Council of Europe,&quot; reads the declaration, and added: &quot;I firmly believe that a common historical and cultural heritage and values we share and common goals provide the foundation needed to transform our region into an area of peace, friendship, stability and prosperity &quot;. &quot;We support the decision of Ministers of Foreign Affairs of the SEECP from June 22 to re-appoint Hidu Biscevica Secretary General of the RCC,&quot; says the Istanbul Declaration that was presented at the conference of presidents of the triplets, so far as Turkey, Montenegro as the new Chair and Serbia as the next. Final document together and expressed regret for the loss of life in humanitarian attack the Israeli army in late May on humanitarian flotilla that is sent to Gaza, in a separate statement condemning the latest terrorist attacks Kurdish organization PKK.
 Perspective of integration into the European Union and NATO are highlighted as important goals, according to a declaration in which it welcomed the progress of individual countries. The meeting was resumed after the noon gathering of heads of state of Southeast Europe &quot;cultural corridors&quot; which are co-organizers UNESCO and the Council of Europe. (Fena) Tags Tweet Share Views: 72 Comments (0) Post Comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 