Sudan is a country in northeast Africa, on the surface of the first on the continent. At 853 km northeast out a long coastline on the Red Sea, and borders with the following countries: Contents [edit] Geography The largest part of the country occupies a plateau (300 to 1000 m) which lies north-south cuts through the valley of the River Nile at Khartoum, which occurs by connecting the white and the Blue Nile. All rivers belong to the Sudan and the Nile Basin are used for irrigation, navigation and as a source of hydropower. In the north of the country are Libyan and Nubian deserts, almost no vegetation. On the southern stretch of tropical savannas and wetlands, and to the east, west and extreme south of the mountain. The highest point of land is 3187 m high Kinyeti. The climate is tropical in the south and the north of the hot desert. The main environmental problems are soil erosion and desertification. [Edit] History In ancient times the upper Nile valley, the area between the first and sixth cataracts and then called Nubia, and there were three Kushite kingdoms meroetska.
 For them the big impact made civilization ancient Egypt, with which they are often at odds, but also trade in and took her cultural heritage. In the third or fourth century on the territory of Sudan has spread Christianity, but the mid-seventh century from the north comes Islam, which over the next 1000 years became a dominant religion. An important medieval kingdom of Sudan were Makurija and Sennar. In 1820th Sudan is the ruler of neighboring Egypt. The Egyptian government, especially the abolition of slavery, an attempt in the second half of the 19th century, who supported the Western colonial powers, caused great dissatisfaction with the Sudanese and the 1880&#39;s outbreak of the rebellion under the leadership of Muhammad ibn Abdal (Mahdi) who after initial crowned with great success by winning Khartoum 1885th and the establishment of the state still stifled by the victory of the British Army 1898th Formal condominium Great Britain and Egypt, Sudan has been under de facto administration of Britons who have shared the progressive Arab north and African south, which is left to the Christian missionaries.
 A year before independence 1956th in the south of the civil war broke out because of dissatisfaction with local Christians, Muslims, hegemony in the political and economic life of the country. The peace agreement is reached 1972nd After 17 years fighting, but war broke out again 1983rd After the abolition of the autonomy of the south agreed to introduce elements of Sharia law in Sudan. Since independence, Sudan, are mostly dominated army officers who came to power in coup. During the 1990s, here is your base had Osama bin Laden. Year 2003. fought the pro-government Janjaweed militia and non-Arab Islamic guerrillas in the eastern province of Darfur. [Edit] Population According to the census in 1981. population was 21 million. Because of civil war since then lists are not enforced, according to estimates from 2003. Sudan has had 38 million inhabitants. The population is rapidly growing in the wider area of the capital Khartoum (Omdurman Khartoum-Khartoum-North), in which lives of 6-7 million people, including 2 million refugees from areas south of the country affected by conflict and agricultural zones affected by drought.
 Sudan is strongly marked by the presence of two different cultural traditions - the Arab north and African south. Within each of these there are hundreds of ethnic, tribal and language groups makes it extremely effective mutual cooperation. Most of the countries occupying the northern province which is the most urban areas. The population there is mostly Muslim and speak Arabic with the many local languages. In the south and west of the population belongs to traditional local beliefs or Christianity. Civil war in this area lead to short interruptions of independence 1956th caused economic and demographic catastrophe. Most of the population is concentrated in the Nile valley and its tributaries. Particularly high population density in the main cotton area of the country, the northern part of the interfluve White and Blue Nile. Desert regions to the north and northwest are almost uninhabited.
  2) Includes the dependencies of Ascension Island and Tristan da Cunha. v • d • Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) Afghanistan • Albania • Algeria • Azerbaijan • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Benin • Ivory Coast • Burkina Faso • Brunei • Chad • Djibouti • Egypt • Gabon • Gambia • Guinea • Guinea Bissau • Guyana • Indonesia • Iran • Iraq • Jordan • Yemen • Cameroon • Qatar • Kazakhstan • Kyrgyzstan • Comoros • Kuwait • Lebanon • Libya • Maldives • Malaysia • Mali • Mauritania • Morocco • Mozambique • Niger • Nigeria • Oman • Pakistan • Palestine • Saudi Arabia • Senegal • Sierra Leone • Somalia • Sudan • Surinam • Syria • Tajikistan • Turkey • Tunisia • Togo • Turkmenistan • Uganda • Uzbekistan • United Arab Emirates Countries with observer status with Bosnia and Herzegovina • Central African Republic • Russia • Thailand • Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Muslim organizations with observer status Moroska National Liberation Front International organizations with observer status with the Organization for Economic Cooperation • • African Union Arab League Non-Aligned Movement • United Nations • Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudan&quot; Category: Sudan
 