2007 / 76 minutes / USA Director: Lisa F. Jackson Film Lisa F. Jackson has been a disturbing encounter with the raped women of the Democratic Republic of Congo, their trauma and everyday life in which they are exposed to fear and torture, as &quot;his&quot; army, and brutal violence of hostile soldiers. The director was in his youth and was itself a victim of rape, and his film is very engaged and boldly explored the theme that silence about the truth makes it even more dramatic, terrifying and cruel. Armed with cameras and questions of &quot;why&quot; and &quot;whom&quot; happen cruel torture, mutilation, kidnapping, sexual violence of which it is difficult to muster the strength to mouth the words to travel incurred horror, she visited the eastern areas in the Congo war zone, where in the manner unflinching reporter managed to establish close, intimate and trusting relationship with African women. That material was recorded on film tape, becomes a witness not only the victims but on the whole a mechanism of evil that springs from the culture of impunity for the perpetrators.
 A special place of the film are the meetings, face to face with the soldiers who make scary facts in connection with the brutal crime, and the cold recognition pobrajanja rape, beliefs such as those that &quot;rape provides a magical power to overcome the enemy,&quot; so the complexity of this problem is covered in its totality, and not omitted any key aspect of this whole situation - economic conditionality view of warfare in Africa, as well as the responsibilities of all that (not) to listen to another since, as the author of the film itself, in an interview said, &quot;All our Mobile phones are literally and carry the blood of women from the Congo. &quot;Awards The directors Lisa F. Jackson is very much appreciated the American director, winner of numerous international awards (along with three Emmy nominations, winning two Emmy awards - New York City Emmy for&quot; Voices and Visions: Emily Dickinson , Jackson Pollock: Portrait, Through Madness &quot;and Outstanding Informational Special for The Secret Life of Barbie&quot; in 1999.).
 Documentary film dealing with for decades, and her previous work, recognized by many film professionals, journalists, critics, stands out as a distinctive combination of sincerity and willingness to brave and committed to shaping the work of exceptional documentary value. She studied at MIT and taught at Columbia University, Harvard, New York.
 