Airports in Northern Europe close to the eruption. Use the Adobe Flash Player 8 For more advanced options for viewing video please install the Adobe Flash Player 9 Adobe Flash Player 9 can be downloaded here Loading ... Add video to your blog second eruption in a month more others see volcanic eruption in a month 01:39 Drama of Europe: Volcanic ash closes airports, 01:18 UK and Denmark are due to volcanic pepla that are raised in an atmosphere of Iceland&#39;s volcanoes decided on the unprecedented move and have been - closed its airspace. Center for air traffic control restrictions introduced after their central office warned that volcanic dust could damage the engines of aircraft. Passengers are advised to contact the airport and checking the condition. British regulator NATS in its statement said that until further notice suspend all air traffic, except for emergency transportation.
 It is currently caused chaos among the millions of passengers in the Britania, Europe and other parts of the world. A cloud of ash that has emerged over the Island presents a risk to aircraft because they can damage the engine. But in this case will not affect the climate - although long-term and large eruptions can cause cooling if the clouds of ash and dust long curved sun &#39;today from noon (13 hours Croatian time) Friday morning, in the airspace of the United Kingdom will be banned all traffic except emergency &#39;, said in a declaration made NATS. &#39;There are a decision made in accordance with international regulations in civil aviation. We continue to monitor the situation in cooperation with meteorological services and work closely with airlines and other countries, &quot;the statement said. British Meteorological Service say there is little likelihood that the volcanic ash falls to the ground, but point out that the dispersed at high altitudes over the whole of Great Britain, Ireland, Norway, in the western parts of Russia.
 The eruption of volcanoes under glaciers Eyjafjallajoekull in Iceland is the second this month and is still ongoing. Experts warn that a tiny piece of rock, glass and sand contained in a cloud of dust can easily do great damage to aircraft engines. Officials in Reykjavik, said that the ban on flights can also be expected in large parts of Sweden, Finland and the northwestern regions of Russia as well as in Denmark. Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is still open, but on its website warns travelers to a disturbance of air traffic in northern Europe. In Germany, the airport is still open, but most flights from Hamburg for the United Kingdom, Norway and Sweden canceled. Stockholm Airport has canceled 20 international and 20 domestic flights, a spokesman announced that the airport closed in the afternoon. Eruption in Iceland (Reuters) Amplifier is a volcanic eruption in Iceland, they increased the eruption of volcanoes in Iceland, which was suspended due to air traffic in northern Europe because the volcanic ash flying six miles up, said Thursday an expert.
 Eruptions under glaciers Eyjafjallajokulla, ten times stronger than the one that erupted in March in the vicinity, showing no signs of calming down after more than 24 hours of activities, said the Icelandic University vulkanolog Armannn Hoskuldsson. &#39;It&#39;s getting stronger, but will not be because the lava comes to an explosive eruption, &quot;he told Reuters. Thousands of hectares of land east of the volcano are covered with a thick layer of ash, and ash cloud hid the sun in some areas along the south coast of Iceland, local media reported. Most of the 700 evacuated residents and still is located at the Red Cross. News / World Wikileaks: hacker arrested for attacks on sites prosecution 11.12.2010 / 23:07 Obama expressed regret foreign leaders because Wikileaks 12.11.2010 / 22:53 Protest for Animal Rights and their carcasses in the hands 11.12.2010 / 22:14 Stockholm : The two blasts 1 killed, 2 injured 11.12.2010 / 22:08 Vatican warns of credibility of information from the Wiki ...
 12.11.2010 / 20:02 snow storm caused the collapse of traffic: one tourist disappeared 11.12.2010 / 18:54 Share Leave a comment
 