1945th Small O. plays in word on the street in front of the house. There are 4 years. Nobody keeps and none of the children with whom to play. Her view from time to time through the window, but there&#39;s nothing to bad happens .... no cars, no drugs ... Comes a family friend and gives her naranèu. A. Small is very happy with what got the ball. Who of the children knew at the naranèa? Barba Lj made her &quot;Golden City&quot;. Houses are made of boxes for medicines. It&#39;s a Beautiful! Enjoys when her story about èitaju Zaštoèiæu. No real dolls as her best prijateljiæa, M. Small. She got her Bubu and Rajko from abroad. Small O. would get from his American father&#39;s aunt from America just 3 years later. Many years after the American&#39;s place was in the chair obasjanoj sun. A. Small is no longer so small and studying in Zagreb. Once she returned, Amerino rubber body was dissolved. Not could throw. 1977th Mala V.
 playing in front of the house with a small R. Have 5 years. Good thing the front of the house pješaèka zone so there is no danger of the car. There is somewhere and older Seka, S. Small, which was defended by their peers in those traditional children&#39;s strain, and O. mom often looked out the window if everything was OK. There is no reason that an adult is with them constantly outside. Little V is commissioned Electric trains, finally the birthday of his uncle from the river got very big doll, a fruit of her favorite banana. Never post will not understand why she did not say that kind of eager to runway had a little brother, R, and will not be sjeæati as they called her dolls, including a large one. Who knows who baèene, which are somewhere in the coal cellar? Maybe there is a yellow and blue plastic scales provided for the sixth birthday of little T. .. There is only one toy that she could leave the boxes when many years later moved to Dublin. Soft zeèica Plavka with whom he slept as a child she went with her .... probably one of my childhood memories.
 2010th M. Small is not the game itself in front of the house in Rijeka. There are 4 years. None of the children of this age do not play I&#39;m out there ... There are too many dangers to get them released. When you come noni O., went to see who&#39;s online on Skype. What is her favorite toy? He likes to play with a lot of things. V. S aunt likes to play pèelice and muscles. Pèelica lives in a wooden kennel, and the arm came to visit. Pèelica stoliæ and placed a wooden chair in the shape of flowers outside, and the arm opening windows and doors to all prozraèi. Now, already a big V., divorce wooden kennel. Pèelica arm and sit on the terrace and drink and eat what is cooked pèelica. When you are finished, pèelica go relax and have to make a bed, close your windows and doors and enter the house. Arm goes. V. bought camp kennel kitchen and some other add-ons that extend the script next time. Mala M. S. was with her mother at a parent meeting at school, one of two older brothers.
 Psychologist holding a lecture and story: &quot;Bla, bla, truæ, truæ, do not know why, blah, blah, truæ, truæ, not sure why ...&quot;. M. Small has been interrupted and said: &quot;Look on the Internet.&quot; Mali Republic is no longer as Mali, lives in Hollywood, a doctor from time to time you run into the Nile. Unfortunately, the last passed by a &quot;small&quot; V. It was the word several days ago, on his return from Japan. She could not stay longer because she had to Malaysia. River is not exactly the way the way from Japan in Dublin, but they just passed 2 months since seen it all .... and my mom and sister O. S &amp; co. and now already, so no more young and aunt M. T. and all that was left there. Yes, small M. internet comment prompted me to write how the times have changed in the financial and technological terms. It was my first idea. Things that were once the wonder, now includes a view through the window 65 years ago was completely different.
 However, through these stories is the one constant emerged, and it is a constant deep, intangible and invisible connections among those who choose life. For Mom and Auntie O. M. from the end of stories are small, and O. M. from 1945th R. Mali, M. and T. &#39;77 from these large, scattered around the world 2010th, but still very concerning. Yes, there are many who have lost somewhere along the way, but the beauty of life in those who remained and those who were later joined. It does not matter which year, 1945th, 1977th, 2010., 2025 ... no one can be &quot;Pale alone in the world and look at it is always the same. I personally have such a connection like water .... necessary for life and I hope you will internet aware M. Small and her two brothers, for the following 65 years to think about it as much as I do today. - 00:19 - Comments (24) - Print - #&gt;
 