Military patrols in Kabul REUTERS early July, the Croatian Chamber of Commerce (CCC) will open its representative office in Kabul, the capital of Afghanistan. At the head offices will fit Zadranin Stanko Dunatov and, as his deputy, Zvonimir Radiček, who from his long experience in contacts with that country say Afghanistan needs - everything. - Kabul was a springboard for all of the Bosphorus to India - Duna said, explaining that Afghanistan is a member of Central Asian Economic Cooperation Organization which includes the market with around 400 million residents, so success on the Croatian market can indeed mean a sort of springboard to some other countries . Afghanistan, emphasize the CCC, a country that lacks all kinds of goods - food, clothing, footwear, medicines, agricultural equipment, machinery, electrical equipment - and the possible cooperation between the two countries in all sectors. Croatian construction company in its space cooperation with Afghanistan could be found in large infrastructure projects such as road construction, bridge construction, water supply and sanitation, and production and distribution of electricity.
 A number of business opportunities for our company stand out from the CCC, there are projects funded through the NATO alliance and for which this year allocated 460 million euros. In addition, the area of business cooperation exists in civilian projects financed by the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and the U.S. and the EU. Since it is a country where war is not slowing down for about 30 years, safety aspects are also interesting part of the story, and often a crucial factor in making decisions about business and investing in a country. The top people around Kabul office says the CCC, however, that local businessmen fear of no. - On our businesses is not afraid to come to this market and be competitive - say Radiček. As he explains, what aspect of security concerns, the risks of doing business in the last two years have been reduced, the control of financing and payment on a high level, and before the realization of projects in Afghanistan are carried out safety checks on areas where the project is implemented.
 In addition, highlights from the Chamber, in Kabul there are about 4600 foreign civilians, and traffic is a very good relationship - airline from Frankfurt, Dubai and New Delhi are very frequent, four to five times a day. At our request what are the salaries and how much does the establishment and operation of CCE offices in Kabul, and that the rough estimate of actual operations, we answered that he would talk about it in more detail when the new office to be publicly presented. Representing a license to operate, and has already signed cooperation agreement with the Afghan Chamber of Commerce, which are prerequisites for obtaining all tenders that are launched in Afghanistan. This is Croatia stood side by side, only five countries that also have a license for access to all competitions in that country: the United States, Canada, Pakistan, Russia and India. CCE ready addition to the competitions, the local Chamber of Commerce to provide business information on business opportunities, security issues, to organize the arrival of business, facilitating communication with the bureaucracy and facilitate the necessary contacts, and all other assistance required in the performance of Croatian companies in this market.
 