White Nile (Arabic: النيل الأبيض, An-Nil al-Ābyaḍ) is a river in Africa, along the Blue Nile, a major tributary of the Nile. Strictly geographical and linguistic terms, the White Nile river, which occurs in lakes But in Sudan, where he joined al Jabal River Bar and Bar el Gazal and debt is about 1.500 km. But the White Nile actually flows from Lake Victoria (and even that is not true, but from distant tributary of Lake Victoria) and the debt is 3.700 kilometers. Another mid-19 century European explorers and adventurers sought the source of the Nile, usredotočijući the White Nile, whose source is lost in the deep jungles of Dark Africa. Source of the White Nile was discovered by Scottish explorer David Livingstone 1866th Contents [edit] From the Lake Victoria Nile White Map Rusumo Falls on the River Kagera, there is the border between Tanzania (left) and Rwanda (right), Lake Victoria has numerous tributaries, the longest Luvironza River in Burundi (it is by some accounts as a source Nile), which empties into the river Ruvubu in the northern city of burundijskog Kajanza [1]. Ruvubu then flowing into Rwanda and then to Tanzania, where it empties into the River Kagera.
 Kagera River at its meandrirajućem course forms the border between Rwanda and Tanzania and from Tanzania and Uganda, and after Rusumo Falls, flows into Lake Victoria. [Edit] The course of the river in Uganda river that flows out of Lake Victoria in the Ugandan city of Džindže called the Victoria Nile. This is a typical mountain river, high power, with numerous rapids and waterfalls. So are the knick immediately on expiry, built two hydroelectric Nalubale (Owen Falls Dam), and Kira, and immediately after the Bujagali waterfalls, which are only 15 kilometers north of Džindže, raised the third Bujagali hydropower plant. Then Victoria Nile turns and flows north-west through Uganda, then flows into Lake Kijoga poprilici in the middle of Uganda, the Lake Kijoga flowing westward to the waterfall Karum, with coordinates (2 ° 14&#39;45 .40 &quot;N 32 ° 15&#39;9 .05&quot; E / 2.2459444 ° N 32.2525139 ° E / 2.2459444, 32.2525139) is a rare bridge on the river built in 1963 for transportation of cotton.
 Ugandan government in 2009. announced the construction of hydroelectric power 750 MW, seven kilometers north of the bridge, which should be completed 2016th [2] Just before the inflow into Lake Albert on the Victoria Nile are Marčinsonovi Falls, and Falls National Park Marčinsonovi. River has a confluence of Lake Albert in north-eastern ugandskoj side of the lake, and with the same side of the flows from Lake Albert to the north, but now called the Albert Nile. Murčisonovi Victoria Falls on the Nile [edit] Over the River Albert Nile in Sudan after a short course through Uganda, north of Nimue enters the Sudan, this river is called Bahr al Jabal (River from the hill or Mountain Nile). Then the river runs next to the capital of southern Sudan Dzuba, which is the most southern river ports to vessels that reach the Nile. Bahr al Jabal after entering the Sudanese plains, through the large area of wetlands known as Sad (barriers).
 Iron bridge across the White Nile near the town of Juba in the Sudan River turns west to Lake No where it joins the River Bar el Gazal and creates the White Nile, 115 km downstream and then receives its largest tributary on the left side of the river Sobat. White Nile, or at least al-Abjad as Arabs call it, the Sudan has a number of backwater, which is often a very long run independently before being merged with the parent - so that south Sudan has many islands. White Nile at Bahrija (Khartoum), then the White Nile flows evenly to the north (with the large meander), passing by the town Kodok, former Fašode, then flows to Khartoum where it merges with the Blue Nile in the Nile. [Edit] See also this page [edit] Sources Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bijeli_Nil Categories: Rivers of Sudan | Uganda | Rwanda | Tanzania
 