e-Split - Darko Pariæ (CARNet, City of Split), Denis Stanareviæ (Cisco) Dark PARIÆ - For the Croatian Academic and the Investigative Network - CARNet network infrastructure in the department to be Head of Service. Responsible for CARNet broadband Internet access for individual users. Last few years also working intensively on a project to build optical networks in Split (e-Split) and his manager. Also, works as a subcontractor, an assistant at the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Naval Architecture - Moodle in Split, where he holds classes in courses related to networks and network technologies. The CARNet for the last 6 years. Has a CCNP certification and instructor of the Cisco Academy program: CCNA, CCNA Security, Fundamental of Wireless LANs and CCNP. Denis Stanareviæ (Cisco) STANAREVIÆ DENIS - The head of Cisco&#39;s business in the segment with the government authorities in the Republic of Croatia in the last five years.
 Segment operating with government authorities including: local authorities and self-government bodies, health, education and the Ministry of Defence. Graduate electrical engineer with many years experience in project management and construction of business solutions for the financial sector through work at the firm Beaver IT and building design solutions and implementation through five-year work at the company S &amp; T Croatia. Current affairs manager of operations with government bodies within the company include Cisco network design and build information and communication solutions in collaboration with Cisco partner network in the Republic of Croatia. 18 years total active working experience in IT. Petr Paul (Cisco Systems) After graduating from computers where Češka science at a technical university in Prague, Petr remained on the faculty accident on his contract as assistant professor and completed graduate studies.
 In 1992. Petr begins a career in IT and telecommunications sector, the Digital Equipment Corporation and Andersen consulting. In 1998, joined Cisco, where he worked in various teams, to support partners and customers from different regions, mostly from Central and Eastern Europe. So far he was responsible for technical sales support, consulting and managing a team of system engineers. Petr lives in Prague, in Èeškoj, and is currently responsible for business development Borderless network architecture in Eastern Cisco Emerging Markets organization. Cisco Borderless Network With constant acceleration of market dynamics, technology and methods of interaction among people, the business expectations of the network infrastructure is changing. The network becomes the platform for business, and its added value is measured more in the business units, rather than the Technical. Is increasingly important as networks contributes to the company&#39;s ability to bring something new, to win and retain customers, and poveæa operational efficiency.
 Cisco Borderless Network architecture, which is tasked to provide a complete network architecture without technological limits and restrictions, which matches the needs and expectations rastuæeg business. This lecture will introduce the Cisco vision of borderless network architecture, together with the benefits that this brings the concept of Cisco customers. Petr Paul (Cisco Systems) Presentation of the new generation of switches will bring news from the areas Cisco infrastructure solutions with a focus on next generation switches. Routing and switching with all the technology that Cisco has in its portfolio still remains a fundamental part of doing business under the umbrella komapanije Borderless network architectures. Will explain the new products in the areas that Cisco just released on the market. Goran Stjepanoviæ (T-Com) and Mario Pešut (Recro-Net) The implementation of CRS-1 usmjerivaèa the backbone network Goran Stjepanoviæ 2005.
 graduated from the Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing at the network. After that employs the T-Com in the Department for management and maintenance of the network where I work on maintaining core IP network. Mario Pešut (Recro-Net) Mario Pešut a CCIE engineer, a specialist in network technology employed in RECRO-NET in Zagreb. The network is the world&#39;s last 12 years and participated in the installation of the first CRS-1 16 slotnog system in Croatia. Implementation of the CRS-1 in the backbone network usmjerivaèa Lecture obuhvaæa experience implementing CRS-1 system in T-HT backbone. Provides an overview of the entire project, beginning from the physical installation of devices to nodes, tests made before implementing the system, the application of the fundamental mechanisms of high availability and QoS-A. Goran Peteh (Cisco Croatia) Born in Pula 1972nd year. After graduating from high school attend Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Naval Architecture in Zagreb, and within the same 2000th
 He meets up with networking as an instructor at the first local Cisco Academy in Croatia, launched in technical Veleuèilištu. Since 2002. he became head of the same Academy that wins the award for best local academy in the EMEA region. In 2005. he went to Cisco Systems where she is responsible as a system engineer for the Enterprise vertical and especially specialized in the territory of safety nets. Security in virtual environments Using VMware virtualization tools certainly represents another victory of economics over the classical notion of security. Nexus 1000V is made on the basis of long-term cooperation with VMware, and enables network administrator to access the virtual computers hidden behind a particular network interface and advanced management of security profiles that accompany the virtual computer. In addition to the virtualization trend is the use of cloud computing technologies in business environments.
 Through the presentation will introduce Cisco solutions that enables users to security in such a virtual environment. Thomas Philippart De Foy (Cisco Systems) VIDEO FOR BUSINESS CUSTOMERS Thomas Philippart de Foy&#39;s Digital Media Systems Strategic Product Sales Specialist for the range of the Mediterranean, Italy, Central and Eastern Europe and Russia. His duty is to enhance sales and create a strategy of market performance. Before the current duties, Thomas was responsible for sales of corporations, financial and manufacturing verticals, Belgium. An employee of the company Cisco has already more than 10 years, where he leads the successful projects in all business verticals. Video For Business Video changes everything! Video is becoming ubiquitous because it changes the Internet, directs and accelerates business processes, improve collaboration, communication expands and raises the quality of teaching. As data, voice and IP video converge, video is becoming a major backbone in the transformation business.
 The architecture of the Cisco Video Launches wheel that revolutionized the everyday mode of Cisco TelePresence Video Eine Architecture, Digital Media Systems, Physical Security, Unified Communications, and WebEx to share the dynamics which we have traditionally operated.
 