The remains of departure Kaczynski pair set out from Warsaw to Krakow, where the couple should be buried during the day in Wawel Cathedral. Coffins with the bodies of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife Mary went on Sunday morning from Warsaw to Krakow, where the couple should be buried during the day in Wawel Cathedral, the pantheon of great leaders, Polish. Along with military honors remains are placed in a special aircraft that will fly low to avoid a cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland, while the Polish air travel remains closed to civilian aircraft. Coffins should arrive at the Basilica of Our Lady in Krakow where he will be a funeral feast held in the presence of relatives as well as Polish and foreign official representatives. Some world leaders including U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel were forced to cancel a trip to Poland in Sunday&#39;s state funeral of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife Mary for the cloud of volcanic ash that interferes with air travel across Europe, published on Saturday.
 Presidential couple&#39;s daughter, Marta, and her husband Marcin Dubieniecki Warsaw leaving the airport after taking off from the mortal remains of the aircraft. Photo javno165 Obama and Merkel can not come because of volcanic ash Obama, who tonight was scheduled departure from Washington, to attend the funeral on Sunday in Cracow, a telephone conversation with Acting President of Poland Bronislaw Komorovskim, said Saturday the White House. - I talked with Acting President of Komorowski and told him that I regret I will not be able to come to Poland because of volcanic ash that interferes with air travel over Europe - Obama said in a statement. Merkel has canceled his trip after her return from a visit to the United States was iskompliciran the limits of flights, according to The Associated Press. Put in Krakow were canceled and Swedish King Carl XVI Gustaf, Finnish President Tarja Halonen and the Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero and King Juan Carlos I.
 Family Kaczynski sought to hold the funeral on Sunday of the Delegation of Egypt, Macedonia, India, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, New Zealand and Pakistan were also canceled plans to attending the state funeral, according to AP. Some world leaders including U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel were forced to cancel a trip to Poland in Sunday&#39;s state funeral of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife Mary for the cloud of volcanic ash that interferes with air travel across Europe. Kaczynski was killed 10th April in a plane crash in Smolensk in Russia, along with his wife and 94 high Polish civilian and military officials. Family Kaczynski sought to hold the funeral on Sunday regardless of the traffic disturbance, which would prevent the arrival of many statesmen in Krakow. Ash from the eruption of Iceland&#39;s volcanoes Eyjafjallajokull was disrupted air travel around Europe, dovodeæi to mass cancellations of flights.
 President Lech Kaczynski, his wife and another 94 persons among whom a number of Polish military and political officials were killed in aircraft crash Presidential 10th April near Smolensk, in western Russia, while traveling to formally marking the 70th anniversary of the massacre of 22,000 Polish officers by the party of Stalin&#39;s political police. Photos HERE.
 