&quot;The draft resolution which was discussed at the Security Council has no legitimacy,&quot; said an advisor to Iranian President Hashemi Samareh Modžtab, and transferred the official Iranian agency IRNA. He said that the draft proposed by the reaction of America to Iran&#39;s agreement with Brazil and Turkey. The United States earlier today submitted a draft resolution requesting the extension of UN sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program and the country, was announced at the headquarters of the world organization. This, the fourth in a row, extending the sanctions applicable to banking and other sectors, and among other things, seeks international inspection of ships that are suspected to carry a burden that could be related to the Iranian Nuclear program, reported Reuters. Draft resolution submitted by the United States has the support of all five permanent members of the Security Council, the United States, Great Britain, France, China and Russia and is the result of some months of negotiations.
 Western diplomats say that this is a compromise text, which does not bring much novelty, since the U.S. has demanded much tougher sanctions while Russia and China tried to soften the measure. The introduction of sanctions against non-permanent Security Council members Brazil, Turkey and Lebanon. The decision to members of the division resolution 15-nation Security Council, was a tacit response to the agreement reached yesterday in Brazil and Turkey with Iran. These countries have stated that Iran had agreed to send a certain amount of enriched uranium abroad in exchange for uranium-fuel rods for the reactor designed for medical research. United States believe that Iran is just a maneuver to avoid further sanctions, and Brazilian Ambassador to the UN has made clear that it is not satisfied that the United States and its allies seem to ignore the agreement, which has made her country, said Reuters. &quot;Brazil at the moment will učestovovati a discussion of the draft resolution because we feel that the situation is now different,&quot; said Ambassador Maria Luiza Ribiere Viot reporters ahead of the UN Security Council, noting that on Monday reached a &quot;very important agreement.&quot;
 Tehran rejects Western allegations that Iran&#39;s nuclear program is intended for developing weapons, and says he has only peaceful purposes such as producing electricity. The draft resolution invites UN member states to take appropriate measures to prohibit the opening of new branches of Iranian banks or offices abroad if there is reason to suspect that they might assist Iran&#39;s Nuclear and missile program, and to closely monitor transactions Iranian banks. The resolution calls for expansion of the existing embargo on arms sales to Iran. U.S. and Western countries are hoping that they will manage to impose a total arms embargo on Tehran and the Iranian central bank put on the blacklist, but Russia and China are opposed to it. Many of these measures are not binding, but diplomats say the EU and the U.S. treat the call for &quot;vigilance&quot; against a ban on Iranian companies to adopt stricter regulations against new UN measures.
 