10th Complain about the &quot;former system, and prevents lustration law? Dear all, on the occasion of the Avaz, today 27th June 2008. Europe with a session of parliament where he spoke as the Chairman of the delegation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, &quot;Bakir, the son of Bosnian thieves, please publish the following text, because all facts are accurate. This is the text for drzavog prosecutor for genocide against our people by quislings and thieves. It is really funny and outrageously that the son of a thief more than Baghdad, and munafik bearded man who plays the triple play, Bakir Izetbegovic gives a speech about the state of democracy, and it also points out progress in relation to pre-war, in his dark days of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina. This reminds me of that old proverb: &quot;Who about what a whore for honesty.&quot; In our case about who and what Bakir Hamdibeg design trails set up on the past and &quot;totalitarianism&quot;? However, there Izetbegovic and Silajdzic negotiated not bring lustration law, which is one of the most important conditions of East European countries to move forward and one of the conditions to join Europe, which has long needed to be filled, but just hypocrites and traitors do not deliver.
 Jos Silajdzic, Alija Izetbegovic and Krajisnik agreed that it does not make it nor any mention to all forgotten, because they are the ones on the scene, Udbina shpijuni. Izetbegovic and Silajdzic senior and junior as well as others who are now on the scene would automatically be removed from all lists, and functions by making real lustration law. There are lists UDBAsa and should be disclosed. Conceal the irrefutable evidence of who they were spies in the former system for the account of a Greater Serbia, and against the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, precisely those who now drvljem and stones to throw at this system. (To the faithful, it would be the fear of God as munafici, because it is a sin in the evening, it&#39;s like to eat a dead brother ..) If there is nothing to keep the tension then, &quot;the hairs do not remember&quot; to turn the former system, a They personally do not give that a law on lustration! Bakira Izetbegovic and Silajdzic Hariz you lie and we will furnish you the following evidence to you, ie
 Your narrow clique which is now in power, the center Udba KOS and thievery in BH: How is Haris Silajdzic could end Gaza Husrefbega madrasah in Sarajevo, and then college, then on to a doctorate and then work at the embassy of Yugoslavia as confident ( compiler), while some lost their function as parents to worship Funeral? So he could because he was in the service of systems of that UDBA and hair! Why are you not in the biography Hamdibeg podastres Years of employment until 1991, when you directly from the trust as a personality, from the Yugoslav Embassy, came to Sarajevo as a consultant Resia Selimovskog and you came in Rijaset Murad Ramadan former bouncer at Holidey Innu and the right hand pozantog UDBASA Dursun . And today, I was Murat&#39;s right hand and which are produced in an embassy in MIPU? Bouncer-ambassador today in your private diplomacy known as uvezivac and your stick. How could you travel Bakira, son of the &quot;Islamic fundamentalist Alija&quot; in Zurich to &quot;work&quot; with &quot;immigrant&quot; Adil Zulfikarpashica? Who&#39;s your auntie, notebooks, son of his father&#39;s side? Emin Skopljak.
 What he was in that system? Active military officer at the Military Academy JNA Rajlovac. He stayed by order of the hair of Grbavica and not lacked the hair from his head, and then &quot;exchanged&quot; for the Chetniks kapitalce direct agreement between Ali and Karadzic, and so passed to our page! What is today and where zapolen and how much space and executive board takes place? Clarify what and how it works today on the fight against crime and corruption when you Bakir Izetbegovic right holder of organized crime with Haris Silajdzic with the exact line of demarcation of criminal activity. Potpisujes as an architect, and not what your isprojektovao, but have ruled the largest capital of Sarajevo, to their homes as a director of the Sarajevo and all construction inspected and washed. Nepotism you and your tajo Ali introduced into Bosnia. Wife is in your pediatrics UMCa and the events around the killing of babies is incompetence and negligence among others, and your wife, etc.
 Seke-Burdzevic Izetbegovic, who is director of the shadows. Your badjo Miro Purivatra director of Sarajevo Film Festival, where you washed a lot of money from donations that would have triumphed over it and the film industry and cinema BiH. Tricked you predstavljauci law firm to a group of citizens not to pay taxes 1KM state, municipality, or canton, let alone rent for state facilities that use the destak location in downtown Sarajevo, the same day grunt grunt in the Municipal Court in Sarajevo! You iprave falsifying public and land registry books with the help of Igor Gaon, who fled his head without a trace, and the job you&#39;re finished with Ljubisa Markovic! Ljubisa Markovic, Milorad Dodik is the man who as a lawyer when he came to be the head must be prosecuted by Igor Gaon, but you agreed and included it in the further looting of state property, and he became a felon who is now, as a notary, as under investigation, but that you delayed and will be killed as well as newborns - a wolf ate his ass.
 Suspended investigation on the orders of corrupt prosecutors and judges that you personally have set as you, no joke, Mirsad Ceman inaugurated the judge of the Constitutional Court. That provaljenog udbasa are permanently uhljebili with any references that you can finally bury Bosnia and Herzegovina, and not to annoy you whether raja vote for him in the next elections. Not to mention further, because the Slobodna Bosna published a lot of fairies and Aprtmani What you stole from this nation and state - does not bother you to steal what is &quot;communism&quot; was built. Where are you and what do Bakira sons Braco Berberovic and Jasminko Aksamija? What are you working setra Lejla and whose building it usurped the Waqf - Official Vakuf Hope you have desecrated prdibegovici!! Who usicario IPSU Institute Zeljeznica BIH? Aksamija Jasminko with Esref Gracanin. What is the director of the BHtelecomu investment, the largest in the Federation, which was his godfather Rešidbegović Nedzad called nedzo Galic, set for the second time that skrha, rob and sell for a pittance bhtelecom.
 For the dirty work you submit in Austria &quot;lobbyists&quot; Momo Ibrahim Aksam. You take 20% of each tender in the vacancy out there and BHTELECOMU stvaljate out directly to your bank account. Yes, all Bakira you and Haris hold under the control of MIPA where your family is half of Nidzara Index, which is a lifelong consul in Istanbul, to Silajdzic Sadzid which is eternal Minister-Counsellor (?) In BiH Embassy in Libya at your ahbababa and Milosevic Friend Muammar Al Gaddafi. And Libya is washed over money from Belgrade and delivered to you for spy activity! Libya has been paid over and Ejup Ganic whose alias as officers HAIR Zika. From one explosion on grobarevu grave, no joke, and guards are kept. Do you know why? So you father, mortician Bosnia, bones do not ranzesu real SEHIDI among which strayed because he has not killed God, but the Chetnik way !!!!! Polozicete more accounts where people have money which is the whole Islamic world gave to Bosnia five years.
 You are the 10 Billion Dollar stolen. Woe to you because you committed a crime against their own people as shpijuni, traitors, collaborators UDBA, hair and the JNA. Those that talk about democracy and the situation today in Bosnia, when you podrumas uzimas for travel expenses in Europe thousands of marks, and not paying the pensions of war veterans miserable 150KM real fighters who defended Sarajevo in the trench. No for the fighters to be for you as informers UDBA you, Mirsad Kebo, Beriz Belkic and the like. You killed Musan Toplovica CaCu not answered. You killed Mustafa Hajrulahovic not answered. You killed Karisik. You killed Celu Ramiz Delalic when kidnapped, and many others from Zajke to Sehovica. Shame and embarrassment to you and be Bakira Prdonja the Central Bank and the Treasury to talk about democracy when you are with Harris, the method of hot-cold, hold it hostage the entire Muslim Bosniak Corps. 5 of your family is Porobilo Bosnia seed you cut off dabogada and Amin.
 NN Sarajevo-COMMENT: This letter is a very emotional and there are plenty of &quot;epithet&quot; that we do not normally use in the Gazette. However, we still decided to publish it because such a reaction of the citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina became the rule. If you look at a reader&#39;s comments on any web page, for example, or Avaz Sarajevo-x, under any news about Izetebgovicu see that these emotions are not the exception than the rule. That&#39;s why we published this letter, because this state of the world Bosniaks is a very interesting news. This letter is in some other way, &quot;national language&quot; confirms the results of scientific polls upper IFIMES.
 