In the crowd a story about suspicious investment in Croatia, the story of a Croatian businessman Mile Rudana Serbian origin, who acquired equity in Canada and the United States, is among the most bizarre. Although it can be read on the &#39;owner of hotel chains in America&#39;, Rudan in reality there are only two hotels in Croatia - Hotel Holiday in Zagreb, Hotel Pula in Pula - while &#39;across the pond&#39; is now only a striptease bar in the city of Buffalo. 2005. Croatia was proclaimed, and businessmen in the tribute, which means less and less, since a lot of managers with this recognition today inhabit prisons in Croatia. Mile Rudan was born 67 years ago in the village Sjenicak liberated in Croatia. He graduated from high school in Zagreb, after which, the late sixties, printed abroad. Happiness is found in Canada, where he met shortly after arriving Czech girl from a wealthy Jewish family. Thanks to its capital, he opened his first restaurant, he married her, and devised a family.
 In Canada, then brought his brother to you soon pridjenuo Americanized name is Mike. They began to expand the family business by opening an attractive restaurant on Niagara Falls from the Canadian border. The job they started well and gained some capital with which they began to open nightclubs with strip program in the city of Buffalo from the U.S. side. Girls who worked in these clubs are mostly brought from Eastern Europe and how they earned the first serious capital. Mile Rudan (right) on the choice of the Queen Croatian Holiday in your hotel in Zagreb for a distant exile in the &#39;small world&#39;, M. Rudan met and became friends with the Croatian emigrant Gojko Susak, the later the HDZ&#39;s defense minister. Susak was held in Ottawa in a pizzeria and led some smaller jobs. They hung up, played cards and visited with families, and the late eighties, when the national immigration increasingly hired to return to Yugoslavia, Rudan is forced or not, had to play on two maps.
 He could not refuse, Gojko Susak, who had asked him the financial assistance of 20,000 U.S. dollars for the purchase of arms for the Croatian military forces that had already begun to form. However, in his pub has received a delegation headed by the SAO Krajina, Milan Babic, who was also assisted financially. Under the guise of donations for the hospital in Knin, paid about the same amount that they have armed their military formations. Friendship with Gojko Susak helped him to 1995th years after the military operation &quot;Storm&quot;, from arson to save his house of his relatives in his native village Sjenicak. Adapting to this new climate in Croatia, Rudan soon appeared in Croatia and met with Susak to him, although he knew that šurovao is Milan Babic, offered to invest money. They came up with the idea of buying a university hospital in Zagreb, Blato, whose construction started as early as the eighties, but did not complete even today.
 Rudan was then the Croatian authorities wrote a letter of intent that would want to invest in the completion of the hospital, but failed to realize anything, because in the meantime Susak hardly got sick and died 1998th year. However, Rudan would not withdraw from these investments, and thanks to good connections with Dusko arrive, who ran the travel agency Odema tours of Zagreb, connected with the local SDP ovcima, Bandic and Zvonimir Sostar. They organized meetings with him, then just elected Croatian President Stipe Mesic. Rudan has become the benefactor of the Catholic Church, which argued the photographs in his office with Cardinal Josip Bozanic. Wishing to convince them of the success of your project and show how the hospitals in Canada, Rudan has hosted a delegation led by Zvonimir Šostar, Zagreb Head of Health. In the unfinished hospital, known as a &#39;bottomless barrel, &quot;it was necessary to invest substantial money.
 Until then only the wealthy restaurateur, Rudan is seen in this business of life, and got involved in doing business with brokers world-class which, obviously, was no match. They sent him to the job for a bank in London at the expense of a law firm paid $ 5,000,000 in advance. Šostar and you were involved in that action, a President familiar with it, that was no guarantee that the job will be okay. However, the realization of the work has not been a trace of the money is lost and eventually it turned out that the attorney&#39;s office in London, where they paid money, never existed? Who is there anyone cheated, it remains unclear to what Rudan threatened to give the story to the media. In order to prevent and mitigate the consequences of a failed deal, the sponsor of his Croatian offered to him by the Croatian Privatisation Fund (HFP), for $ 2 million buys Hotel Holiday in Zagreb, Hotel Pula in Pula.
 Zagreb Holiday in the late eighties he was briefly in the hotel chain Holiday Inn. In the era of privatization by Ante Marković &#39;, the owner had become a famous chef Steve Karapandža. However, during the war, Karapandža is under pressure because of their Serbian nationality, was forced to let the hotel then the only upcoming mafia-military team led by Mladen Naletilic Tuta, who later, but not because he found in The Hague. Holiday in 2002. , when it took Rudan, had 186 rooms, four apartments and 1600 m2 of basement in which they should be regulated casino and nightclub. Today, after a partial renovation and barely kept three-star hotel, has 159 rooms and four suites. Hotel Pula, also with three stars, has 172 rooms and ten suites, and 30,000 m2 of land in an attractive neighborhood Veruda. Mile Rudan was raised for the restoration of these hotels, 15 million euro loan for Croatian banks, but investment in the refurbishment of part did not exceed the figure of 4 million euros.
 It is suspected that the rest of the money &#39;Twilight&#39;, Rudan to fund the expense of a failed deal with Bandic, Šostar and Mesic. In fact, Holiday, although there is a good location, along the highway at the western entrance to Zagreb, has not started to work as it should. His account is every bit blocked, workers wages were late by three months, do not pay their contributions for health insurance and retirement plan ... Dusko arrive as general manager of the hotel in a conflict of interest, because it still maintains its own travel agency, last year, in the affair &#39;Index&#39; accused on behalf of a student bribed Professor of Economics, University of Zagreb. Staff Holiday suspect that the hotel is consciously destroyed by the coins &#39;suck&#39; out of him in a way that the fictitious loans borrow the family Rudan, and when she realizes income, the money is returned to Canada. S Hotel Pula in Pula, the same is the case, and his head was Miodrag Mirčeta, which is a personal friend of Prime Minister Milorad Dodik, president of the Serbian Republic.
 Mirčeta organized a meeting with Dodik Rudan, because he wanted to buy some cheap hotels in Jahorina, in which however failed. Mile Rudan is, otherwise, got involved in business and with the Serbian tycoon Karic brothers. Even boasted that, after his flight from Serbia, temporarily hiding Bogoljub Karic in Istria, which was the consideration of $ 2,000,000 that was borrowed from them. Rudan, otherwise, the Karic should enter into the business of building golf courses in Istria, and they agreed to build their office building in Zagreb, to which, of course, is not there. Because of his shady dealings in Croatia and 1.5 million U.S. dollars which was borrowed from him and did not return, M. Rudan quarreled with his brother. Today&#39;s &quot;large investor&quot; Mile Rudan, except for those two hotels in Zagreb and Pula, only the owner of a striptease bar in American Buffalo.
 