05/07/2010 Acropolis of us probably first comes to mind when we think of Athens, but in the capital of modern Greece there will be a wide range of other museums and archaeological sites. HK Tzanis in Athens for Southeast European Times - 05/07/10 Photos: Alexandros Beltes Many tourists in Athens held steady corridor. Acropolis, the stone structure, which includes the Parthenon and other ancient temples of classical antiquity, the most popular tourist attractions of Greece. It and the adjoining New Acropolis Museum, opened in June 2009, a year visiting more than one million people. Other popular sites just a short walk away, including the Odeon of Herodes Atticus, Agora, Roman Forum and the archaeological site the Temple of Olympian Zeus. However, an organized group of hikers and tourists are rarely further instructions. Numismatic Museum of Athens Most visitors will at some point find themselves at Syntagma Square (Constitution), the central square partitioned capital.
 Syntagma looking at the parliament and the grave of the Unknown soldier, and the square is the largest Athens subway station. Rare coins from the Middle East, from Egypt and the Islamic empires were exhibited in the numismatic museum. The most popular walking route from the parliament to the triptych neo-classical buildings from the 19th century: Athens Academy, Propylaeae - the first building at the University of Athens and National Library. Almost half way between the parliament and the Athens Academy building is consented, the villa legendary trader and archaeologists from the 19th century, Heinrich Schliemann, the famous mining towns of Troy and Mycenae and Tiryns. Today in Schliemannovoj residence Ilio Melathron (Palace of Troy) is Numismatic Museum of Greece. Museum of the City of Athens is dedicated exclusively modern history of Athens. This museum is a must destination for lovers of coins - permanent and temporary exhibitions include classical, Hellenistic, Roman, Medieval and Byzantine period.
 In addition to exhibiting and rare coins from the Middle East, from Egypt, and even the Islamic empires. The greenery of the garden outside the villa offers a respite from sightseeing during the hot summer days. Experts in architecture need to know how the building designed by the &quot;father of&quot; neo-classical design and architecture in modern Greece, the German architect Ernst Ziller. Museum of the City of Athens Almost 300 meters from the villa on the square Schliemann Klathmonos is another example of neoclassical architecture, the Museum of Athens. This small, pleasant museum devoted exclusively to modern history of Athens, especially during the past two centuries. Boasts an inner courtyard and an impressive desks and heritage of royal dynasties of the past. Featured is an image that shows the Parthenon before the blast cannon ball that hit him during a Venetian siege of the Ottoman military bases 1687th
 Jewish Museum Jewish Museum of Greece Greece documented nearly 2,500 years of history of Jews in Greece. It is a real jewel of the Jewish Museum of Greece, located opposite the National Gardens in Nikis Street, which can be easily reached on foot from the attractions of the Acropolis. This small museum includes a multi-level and top-notch institution that captures nearly 2,500 year history of Jews in Greece. An incredible collection of artifacts and include those related to R omaniote - Jews who speak Greek and are present here for a millennium - as well as the Sephardic community of speakers Ladino, expelled from the Iberian Peninsula in the 15th century. The latter was one of the most vibrant communities in Salonika before the Holocaust. Gaia Center Natural History Museum Goulandris Gaia Goulandris Museum of Natural History Center is dedicated to the science and the development of the planet. In Kifissia, rich wooded northern suburb of Athens, located Gaia Centre Museum of Natural History Foundation Gouladris.
 Supermoderan museum dedicated to science and evolution of planets. Gaia is a popular destination for school groups of all ages, but it offers yet another special attraction - an ancient face Myrtis. Exhibition &quot;Myrtis: Face to face with the past&quot; is based on a scientific reconstruction of the Athenian prepubertal girls who lived in Athens in the 5th century BC was a victim of the plague and died in Athens, which was under siege by Sparta. Ancient Athenian statesman Pericles, and almost a third of the population of Athens, became the victims of the plague. Remains of girl found in the mid-1990s, in a mass grave during the construction of underground station Kerameikos. Were added to the recreation of clothing and hairstyle of the time. The exhibit is from 15 June on tour in museums around the world. Vravrona Museum Vravrone renovated and converted 2009th The ruins of the sanctuary of the goddess Artemis, located on the banks of a small bay in the east of Attica, in the metropolitan area of Athens, are typical of something we might see on a tourist poster of Greece in the 1970s: the ancient pillars located between the semi-arid, Mediterranean pine covered hills, blue sky and calm azure waters.
 Museum Vravrona renovated and converted 2009th, and is located on the other side of the hill in relation to the archaeological site itself. Similar articles Loading This is a spectacular, albeit rarely visited site of archaic and classical, which is easily possible to visit for an hour, and is located only a few kilometers north of the very affordable, clean and picturesque beaches. It is about 35 km from the center of Athens. If you are traveling without a car, to the site can be reached by bus from the nearby district town of Markopoulo or, if the distance of 1.5 km does not sound discouraging, regular bus from the Athens. Eleusis Museum and archaeological site of Eleusis are certainly among najpotcjenjenijim cultural attractions in the wider Athens area, as it was once an important ancient city-state today is located in the center najindustrijaliziranijeg district in Greece. West of the Athens, Eleusis (modern name Elefsina) was the starting point Iere Odos (Saint times), which is Eleusis in the east associated with the ancient Athens, and there are located and cryptic preeminent Eleusijske mysteries.
 Contemporary Elefsina is located 20 km from Athens. Today&#39;s archaeological sites large and expanding, is full of fallen columns, reliefs, stone wells, even the statues, the museum is equally impressive, and it presents the originals and replicas with an extremely significant archaeological site. Contemporary Elefsina located 20 km from Athens and to it can be easily reached by car or bus - as long-distance transport, and urban transport, which runs the metropolitan area of Athens. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 