Najrjeðih number of bird species in the world is difficult to assess because of the large number of very large birds that are rare and in most cases exact number of birds that live in the nature of any kind is impossible to determine. Some species are so rare npr.sudanska Red Sea Cliff Swallow (Hirundo Perdita) found only once in 1984 in Sudan, and Orange-necked Partridge (Arborophila David) videno 1927 in Cambodia and Vietnam. For other birds are known or believed to be extinct in the wild, but still there are some species that live in zatoèeništvu. Since 1600-ies it is known that at least about 120 bird species have become extinct, mainly as a result of human interference or interfering one type to another. A good example is the Spix&#39;s Macaw (Cyanopsitta spixii), which was hunted to the brink of its extinction and all that crazy to meet the requirements of trade for Pets. spixs fire, however, we humans are not all the same and there are individuals or companies organized rescue species that are almost extinct.
 The best example of this are Mauricijuska kestrel (Falco punctatus) of four wild animals now has grown more than 300, a California Condor (Gymnogyps californianus), which is 1987 years there was only 9 copies of the wild growing in zatoèeništvu 30-odd individuals it was grown to 75 individuals who were released into the wild. Of course, it changed people&#39;s consciousness towards the preservation of nature, fauna and also the birds so that the lost can not be restored and we are the ones who should strive to preserving value what we have today. Here are some selected examples of the most endangered bird species from the last written data on their numbers in the wild or zatoèeništvu International Council for the preservation of birds, based in Cambridge, England. (Theme featuring TG) California Condor (Gymnogyps californianus), California, Arizona, about 30 individuals in zatoèeništvu and about 100 individuals in the wild Curassow Alagoas (Mitu-myth), last seen in Brazil, Extinct in the wild, 44 individuals in China zatoèeništvu Crested èigra, last videno in Taiwan, China, Indonesia, about 50 individuals in the wild, Zino&#39;s petrel (Madeira petrel or Freire), Habitat of Madeira, about 70 animals in the wild Kakapo, New Zealand, about 60 individuals Seychelles Magpie-robin, Seychelles, about 85 individuals Paradise Parrot (Psephotus pulcherrimus), Australia recently confirmed, recorded 1927 (image-prepared exhibit) White-eyed River-Martin, Thailand, the remaining approximately 50 individuals Views: 267 Comments first posting comments is available only to registered users.
 