&quot;The recovery and a new beginning&quot; - under this motto will be held this weekend in Toronto meeting of the G8 and G20. The fourth summit of its kind to representatives of 20 industrial countries and developing countries deliberate on the consequences of the global financial crisis - a theme that is these days unavoidable. Shortly before that, in the province of Ontario, in a luxury resort in Huntsville will meet representatives of eight leading industrial superpower (G8). Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Obama is the conjuncture of the new packages are expected to &quot;fly feathers&quot; because of differences in attitudes about the strategy that aims to respond to the crisis - German Chancellor insists on a strict savings rate, while the U.S. president wants to state intervene with the new conjuncture packages. Bank branch all this theater of the political stage looking quite relaxed, because he believes in them all wrong again.
 Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Ackermann: Banking sector has done its Regarding the most successful German bank managers, Deutsche Bank chief Josef Ackermann, meeting in Canada could be free to cancel. Monetary sector, he argues, the past months has taken all necessary measures to stabilize financial markets. The economic crisis is just an excuse can be expected that these issues and wrangling about further measures to control market finance unimportant compared to one another, no less important topic that is on the agenda - sustainable development and development assistance. At the G8 summit in Gleneagles, Scotland, 2000th promised that it will help developing countries allocate 50 billion U.S. dollars more. Today, five years later, that goal is nowhere near accomplished. Same member of the G8 recognize the &quot;hole&quot; in the fund of 10 billion dollars, while the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) claims that as many as 20 billion deficit.
 Representatives of the international humanitarian organization Oxfam said that many people use only a global economic crisis as an excuse to suggest that those who are least to blame for this crisis should not now pay the guild for financial breakcore rich. Indeed, when one takes into account how quickly mobilized hundreds of billions around the world to rescue banks, it is incomprehensible why they can not pay much smaller sums to help the poorest in the world that are most affected by economic crisis. In the world millions of children who die could be saved Bildunterschrift: A picture that hurts - in the world annually of hunger and malnutrition, six million children die Three billion people live in poverty. Hunger and malnutrition are still the most common causes of death in the world. Host summit G8/G20 put on the agenda of a special theme of death in children and women during pregnancy and childbirth. Die annually worldwide from hunger and malnutrition in six million children under five and 350,000 pregnant women due to complications.
 In Pakistan, ten percent of infants die in Africa, nine million children from easily treatable diseases. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: One activist, Oxfam urges Merkel to help poor Africa ten years ago at the Millennium Conference set a goal that by 2015. reduce child mortality by two thirds and three quarters for women. But none of the millennium goal then set have been achieved less progress. It requires money, and he, although he promised not arrive. Only the United Kingdom regularly pays its part, Germany, France and Italy are well in hand late. Author: Dunja Dragojevic (agencies) Re. ed: A. Subic
 