14/01/2010 EU mulling prekršajnoog Grčkje proceedings against the submission of unreliable statistical data on its budget deficit and debt. (Dow Jones, European Voice - 14/01/10, Reuters, AFP, BBC, FT, Europolitics, EurActiv, EUobserver, Kathimerini, Balkans.com - 13/01/10, AFP - 12/01/10), Eurostat, the statistical EU office, criticized the fact that Greece last year revised its budget deficit from 3.7% to 12.5% of GDP. [AFP] European Commission (EC) is likely to initiate legal action against Greece, because it provided unreliable information on its public debt and budget deficit, said a source from the EU, according to the media on Wednesday (January 13). &quot;It will probably be another proceedings for immigration violations ... because the delivery of timely and reliable statistical data constitutes an obligation under EU law, and they have not fulfilled their obligation,&quot; said the unnamed official.
 In this statement clearly refers to the process that was initiated by the European Commission against Greece 2004th because the government is largely to report incorrect data on deficit and debt in previous reports. This information is Greece 2,001th used in order to be admitted to the eurozone. In a report also points to more complaints from the EU last year by the National Statistical Service of Greece Group (NSSG), alleging that there had been political interference associated with the submitted figures. The threat of new legal steps against Athens followed a critical report of the EC on the statistical data on government deficit and debt of Greece, published on Monday. In this document, the country accused of &quot;serious irregularities&quot; in its national accounting procedures. According to the report, 2 and 21 October 2009, the previous conservative government of Greece and its socialist successor to the EU sent a very different information on the excessive deficit countries for the period 2005-2008, as well as contradictory predictions for 2009.
 In a report on 21 October last year, provided the current government of PASOK, the government deficit for 2008. revised to 7.7% of GDP, which is higher than the level of 5% reported in April and confirmed by the EU&#39;s Eurostat office. Level of 3.7% deficit of GDP in 2009, is also scheduled in April, has been revised to 12.5% of GDP, well above the 3% limit allowed by the countries in the eurozone. &quot;Revisions of this magnitude coefficients of the government deficit in the previous period in other EU countries were extremely rare, but they are in Greece occurred on several occasions,&quot; he says in the report. &quot;These revisions are the latest illustration nekvalitetnosti fiscal statistics in Greece ... and show that progress in collection of fiscal statistics in Greece, and strict control of Greek fiscal data by Eurostat since 2004. ... Were not enough to make the quality of fiscal data Greece brought to the level achieved by the other EU member states &quot;.
 EC warns about possible further problems, since Eurostat has not yet confirmed the figures submitted in October. &quot;A significant number of unanswered questions and open issue still exists in some key areas, such as funds for social security benefits for unpaid hospital and transactions between government and public enterprises,&quot; he says in it. &quot;These issues need to be resolved, and can not be excluded that this will lead to a further review of data on deficit and debt of the Greek government, especially in 2008, and possibly for the last year.&quot; The debt of Greece, which currently stands at 113% of GDP and is expected to grow almost twice the limit of 60%, which is valid for the eurozone, which consists of 16 countries. Some analysts are worried that Greece&#39;s fiscal problems could threaten the stability of the Group of 16 countries that have the euro as their currency. Related articles Loading Olli Rehn, the newly appointed European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs, said during his konfirmacijskog hearings at the European Parliament on Monday that he doubts that Greece or try to leave the eurozone or be forced to do so.
 The government of Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou has pledged that its deficit by 2012. align with the upper limit of 3% of GDP for countries in the eurozone. &quot;Our commitment is to leave behind huge deficits from the previous period,&quot; he said Wednesday, adding that out of the eurozone is not an option. &quot;We will do whatever it takes to accomplish your goals within three years.&quot; During a visit to Athens on Tuesday, a new permanent EU president Herman Van Rompuy said that Greece is taking steps that would meet the &quot;significant&quot; challenge to its present fiscal problems. This content was commissioned for SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 