Arawak is the name that the Spaniards gave to various groups of Indians on the Great Antilles and northern South America. The name later covered by a large group of tribes that live up to the Gran Chaco and west almost to the areas of the Andes. Arawak that Columbus met in the Great Antilles, were peaceful farmers and fishermen who could not resist the terrible warriors and cannibals Caribbean (Carib). Arawak were skilled seafarers who are perfectly familiar with the area in which they lived. News of the arrival of Columbus in the Antilles are always came before him on the island which is arrived. Clothing of the Native Americans was poor, walking in the nude or wearing cotton apron, cotton are grown. Houses of these Indians are known as &quot;Bohio&quot; (pl. Bohios). Antilski Taino-Arawak lived in large villages that are knew to count to 3,000 souls. Their agriculture was based on the technique of &#39;slash and burn&#39;. Managed to forge the forest and then burned, making it so fertile for their fields of maize and cassava root.
 Indians have grown here and tobacco which umatao in tobacco leaves or corn, smoked him as a big cigar. Columbus, it is of course donesao with him to Europe and the cigar was soon conquered the world. Arawak Arawak women, the main groups in America were Antilskoj: Taíno (Haiti, Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico), Sub-Taino (Cuba), Igneri (Trinidad and Tobago), Ciguayo (Dominican Republic), Lucaya (Bahamas), Ciboney, Cabre ( Lesser Antilles, Colombia) in the northern area of the South American Arawak konpna are also sedentary farmers, hunters and fishermen. They live in small villages consisting 1:00 to 2:00 great collective home. Their chiefs have little influence and every village is independent of all others. Kanu (&#39;dugout canoe&#39;) is the main means of transportation. Cannibalism are found only in two or three cases in Guyana, it is characteristic for many of their Caribbean neighbors. Today&#39;s Arawak Indians (Aruac, Aruak) or Locono which serve Arawak language found in Venezuela, Guyana, Suriname, French Guiana and northern Brazil (Amazonas and Pará).
 One of their group, known as a very similar name or Aruaqui arauak penetrated all the way to Amazonas. In the Andes there is also a group of tribes that are traditionally considered Arawak, they are: the Uru of Lake Titicaca, the tribe Chipaya from Bolivia and Chango Indians disappeared from Chile.
 