Democracy is a big mistake and very tempting. Democracy is an artificial creation that no longer respects the opinion of 11 donkeys than 10 scientists. If you are a deep and careful look into democracy, we will realize its danger to any society: - Allah&#39;s Sharia substitute for the human made laws - the gathering of people at parties and blocs, which induces and encourages division among the people ... Let Praise be to Allah, who humiliates and disgraces polytheist infidels fair, and let&#39;s blessings and peace be upon the Prophet Muhammad&#39;s son, Abdullah, whom Allah has sent as a mercy for all creatures until the Day of Judgement that only worships Allah who has no companion. Different media &quot;talkshow&quot; emissions are discussing the recently held parliamentary elections in the &quot;Jewish state&quot;, so called. Israel, on their outcome, and the predictable consequences of options. Some people show optimism about the ultimate Jewish party, encouraging the clutter and confusion among the Muslim masses exciting thought that it is possible to have a Jewish person who &quot;supports the rights of Muslims in Palestine&quot; and that they will offer these rights on a silver plate, regardless of the mass slaughter that the Jews had committed the criminal and unjust wars that were waged against Muslims.
 Anyway, I watched the election from different perspectives based on my previous knowledge and beliefs that are the greatest enemies of those who believe in Allah and the Jews, just those that Allah reserves the companion. I saw Jews, men and women as they moved towards the polling stations to elect people who will be appointed to be worshiped by Allah Almighty and to prescribe laws to be effected more faithfully than the Torah, which they believe is the world sent from the Lord of all creation , Exalted be He. I saw a similar scenario in America. Yes, these are the ones who are proud of this democracy that they take a faith in which they are convinced, and you follow. They have established a &quot;gender&quot; in the elections and candidatures which was established in the Torah and the Bible that they interpret. I investigated in the past and I realized that the &quot;state of the Jews&quot; promoted democracy since the early days of the &quot;state&quot;.
 They held elections to its parliament so. Knesset, 25.01.1949. year, 6 months after the occupation of Palestine. I also glanced at his allies and the Americans realized that the Democrats and they are proud of their democracy. They deny any affiliation to Islam, fighting against anyone who advocates the shari&#39;a law, opening the door of his kingdoms (referring to the rulers of Muslim states, op.PV.) for a broad UN misonare, whose country is a huge number of institutions that promote democracy . Here we have Dželal Talabani (Iraqi President) Hamid Karzai (Afghan President), Asif Zardari (Pakistan predjsednik) and Mahmoud Abbas (Palestinian President) who are seizing power through democratic elections, turning back the Sharia of Allah. Crimes of democracy human history has never witnessed the disgusting bloodshed of those who have made the arrival of the democratic regime.
 First and Second World War witnessed the low level of ethics (morality) Democrats who did not respect even the basic right to life. The current war in Muslim countries has caused a very large number of crimes committed by Democrats. Our hearts are bleeding for our brothers in Afghanistan, the victims of the serial bombing of the American democratic fighters destroyed the house killing women, children and the elderly, who have destroyed many families as if they never existed. The same was done in Iraq. I still remember our relatives from the area of El-arapkog Džubur, families were literally erased, and the streets were suddenly razed to the ground. As we will not forget the people of Mosul who was attacked by the forces of infidelity and apostasy. Also in Gaza, Israel&#39;s democratic regime is fighting a dirty war, destroying people&#39;s homes, burning body of Muslims and doing heinous acts of murder as they have done their allies of the founders of democracy.
 Crusaders and Zionists are advocates of democracy and we need not bother to find out who are the founders of democracy, those who pay the money and sacrifice their lives for the welfare and democracy. Many institutions and organizations that promote democracy in countries where Muslims live are funded by the United States and the European Union. George Bush, former President of the American crusade, said at a press conference held 30.aprila 2005: &quot;Defeat of terrorism (read: Islam, op.PV.) will happen in the long run the expansion of freedom and democracy. This is really the only way. &quot;Zionist Ariel Sharon, former Prime Minister of Israel said the eighth Summit February 2005: &quot;Congratulations are also giving you, the Chairman of the Palestinian Authority, Mr Mahmoud Abbas on your impressive victory in the Palestinian elections ... I also hope that you will be able to run your nation on the path of democracy and preserving law and order within the independent and democratic Palestinian state. &quot;Obama also tries to spread democracy and this is one of the priorities of his administration.
 Shura (consultation, negotiation, which is based on Sharia arguments) denies the call for democracy Those who were fascinated by democracy adopted and are passionately helped by ignoring its reality and the actual situation of those who advocate. Supporters of democracy have made the utmost effort to expand throughout the world and have even spent their money and sacrifice their lives to carry out that intention. Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and Pakistan are real examples of this. I am also sure that most MPs - I am referring to &quot;Islamic&quot; Parliamentarians - know very well the essence of democracy and are convinced of its reality, and know well its evil and its inability to provide the people security and peace. But they are unable to assist those who oppose the regime of tyranny and apostasy in their countries, so they decided for it (democracy). Democracy is a big mistake and very tempting.
 However, if it is seen as a test, it has helped to separate the true Muslims of sinners who have a sick heart and produced an enormous mass of Democrats, which is made up of Christians, Jews, atheists, Hindus, apostates, hypocrites, and murdžija ešarija. On the other side of the monotheists, assembled in rows that are strongly held by the word of Allah, supported the Shariah and nothing else, and face the world, confident in Allah&#39;s support and victory. Let Allah guides us to join the ranks of the monotheists. As our blessed scholars have already talked about democracy and prove that it is infidel system, here I&#39;ll quote what was Vedždi Gunejm, a prominent member of the Muslim Brotherhood and the most famous advocate of democracy of modern times, said in his book &quot;Piety shura (council) and the state of democracy &quot;&quot; Democracy is an artificial creation! As is indicated in the faith and the Almighty Allah, democracy does not bring any benefits.
  Gaza has been subjected to a siege that was imposed by a democratic government when these undesirable groups came to power, and - the spread of democracy in our (Muslim) countries means victory of the Jews and Christians, who spend money and sacrifice their lives in its name. If you looked carefully at those who call for democratic elections, along with the inevitable chaos and unrest in some countries and bloodshed in the other, you will understand the shortcomings of its democracy and for condemnation, failure to regulate the everyday human life. Undoubtedly, you will also assure the adequacy of the Islamic way of preparing leaders and asked the Emir. Hence, our rulers can only be one who is fighting for the establishment of Sharia, meets the conditions agreed by the Ummah and is capable of in that way he sacrifices himself and his property. Written by Abu Abdullah al-Taša Mikdad magazine &quot;Sada al-Jihad&quot;, vol 43 Treatment: Put believers Tags: Promoting Democracy | Democracy Related news items: Newer news items: Older news items:&gt;
 