Cars, The World Wednesday, 24.02.2010. Tags: Toyota, USA 23:03 USA: Apologies to the CEO of Toyota at the hearing in Congress Akio Toyoda, president of Japanese auto giant Toyota Motor Corp., Said Wednesday at a hearing in U.S. Congress that his company &quot;never run away from trouble&quot; and apologized for the accident that caused her car. &quot;Quite frankly, I&#39;m afraid that the pace with which we developed was too fast. With regret I must say that this has resulted in security issues described in the current recall. I deeply regret any accident you have experienced the Toyota drivers,&quot; said Toyoda, 53 -year-old grandson of company founder, in testimony before the Oversight Committee and Government Reform House of Representatives of the Congress. Toyoda, who heads the world&#39;s largest autombila since June 2009., Was invited to testify before Congress after the recall about 6.5 million Toyota vehicles in the U.S., due to problems with the accelerator and uncontrolled acceleration of the vehicle, which caused numerous traffic accidents with so far confirmed 39 victims.
 Toyoda is the first refused to testify before the U.S. Congress, but last week changed his stance when he was officially invited. &quot;I am the grandson of the founder. All Toyota vehicles bearing my name. When they are damaged and I have. More than all I want to Toyota vehicles are safe and that our customers feel secure in them,&quot; Toyoda said in his introductory statement in English and later the board members answered questions in Japanese. He added that Toyota sells cars in the United States for 50 years and produce them in the U.S. in 25 years, and that together with suppliers, production, sale and maintenance employs 200,000 Americans. He pointed out that Toyota is taking the best efforts to restore confidence in their vehicles, and that its highest priotitet &quot;improving the quality of the quantities produced in front&quot; of the vehicle. Akio Toyoda expressed his condolences to the family of a police officer from San Diego, who in August 2009. killed with three other family members in the Lexus, which is an uncontrolled speed on the highway.
 Mother killed a police officer will also testify before the congressional committee. U.S. Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood said earlier before the committee that Toyota vehicles are not covered by canceling safe to drive while on them to perform repairs. He also said his ministry could not say whether or not the problems with the electronics, the rapid acceleration of Toyota vehicles. The head of Toyota in the U.S., James Lentz III. Who testified before the same committee on Tuesday, said he was not sure that the company had solved the problem with uncontrolled acceleration of the vehicle, although because it recalled about 8.5 million vehicles worldwide. When asked Congressman Henry Waxman, if he believes that it will recall to change the flooring and repair accelerator to solve the problem of sudden acceleration, Leintz said, &quot;not entirely&quot;, adding that Toyota will continue to closely monitor the situation and to remove deficiencies. North America&#39;s most important market for Toyota, which on average it sells 32 percent of its production, while sales in Japan by 25 percent.
 The U.S. is in recession 2009th Toyota sold 1,770,149 vehicles, while in 2008. that number was 2,217,662 of the total produced 8.913 million vehicles. (H)
 