Author: Muhammad Mahmutović Milo Djukanovic, is one of the closest associates of Slobodan Milosevic, recently visited the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina, where he was received with all honors. Yes, it is true what you read if you have not previously heard this incredible news, then you need to read again to make sure. In addition to Forum Bosnian Institute, waqf Bosniak benefactor Zulfikar Adil Bey ra, he organized a lecture after which he presented an honorary charter member of the Senate of the institution in which they normally do on that day were just Bošnjaci.Ta charters previously granted to scientists and cultural workers for special merit. This high recognition Djukanovic was granted just a week when it celebrates the kidnapping of Bosniaks in the Štrpci Prijepolje, which has on its conscience, and this sleek gentleman, in addition to the arrest and deportation of Bosniak refugees from the Montenegrin coast, cleaning Bukovice of Bosnians, and so on.
 The news of this tragic anniversary and published a newspaper edited Milorad Dodik, Banja Luka&#39;s &quot;Independent&quot;, and it goes like this: &quot;The seventeenth anniversary of the abduction of seven p.m. citizens of Serbia at the railway station Strpci, who were later executed nedelako of Visegrad, was marked yesterday ... &quot; Dodik If anything good does not work, then surely these well-edited newspapers, and that Bosnians hudi considered independent because of this news can not make out anything, and that was the goal of the editor. It turns out that these &quot;citizens of Serbia&quot; Serbs arrested only because they were citizens of Serbia, and not because they were osmanaest Bosniac and one Croat. Were killed by the soldiers of the republic created by the Dayton RS, led by Milan Lukic (from the text can not discern odkud they train Beograd - Bar), and for this crime is Nebojsa Ranisavljevic got fifteen years. So, a little less than one year for each murdered.
 ¤ ¤ ¤ ¤ While we welcome with full honors those who participated in the aggression against our homeland, Serbia is trying to grab another one of those who defended it. Ilija Jurisic truhne in their casemates, completely ignored by our politicians, and if he asked the Serbian authorities will join him in recent days Dr. Ejub Ganic, a member of the Presidency during the aggression against Bosnia. After Sarajevo and Banja Luka are freely walking around, say, Vojislav Kostunica, who during the war, Sarajevo was above the Kalashnikov, and our dr.Ganic not even in London. He took the Buckingham-generation students, who spent his childhood in the basements of Sarajevo while the army of Milosevic, Cosic, Bulatovic, Djukanovic and other mercilessly shelled from the surrounding hills, which the JNA held under occupation. While Serbia while denying involvement in the aggression against our homeland, Djukanovic said in Sarajevo deliver the Charter, and to Dr.
 Ganic will be on Independence Day, upututi request for extradition, which will more than Dr. Ejup Ganic British friends try to implement the Belgrade central prison, Ratko Mladic will continue to quietly play table tennis. Vladimir Vukcevic, Serbian war crimes prosecutor, triumphantly declares that &quot;none of the crimes committed will go unpunished&quot;, probably referring only to the Bosniaks and Croats, and our power wisely shut up! Sulejman Tihic still collecting evidence against the so-called. &quot;Wahhabis&quot; from Maoca, and other election activities are fun. Meanwhile the ordinary people are asking, why Serbia announces arrest warrants for members of the Presidency of the war, the attacks on the army, which according to their claims, not their own?? As the Ejup Ganic ordered an attack on soldiers who occupied busije in Belgrade, not Sarajevo? ¤ ¤ ¤ ¤ Another longtime circus in The Hague began yesterday with the trial of Radovan Kradžiću, who, like his ideological leaders said at the outset not to defend himself, but the Serbian people.
 Will say that the genocide and ethnic cleansing in Bosnia made the Serbian people, and not he with his soldiery! Serbian nation is proclaimed by the independent media, and asks that he does not defend Karadzic, especially state in the nebula that fought the Serbs in Bosnia against the Serbs! Rašo thought that less crime if its army and police killed two hundredths thousands &quot;of Serbs&quot;, but that comes Bosniaks, the only indigenous people in the territory of BiH, for which there is countless evidence. He did not care any more whether it struck his hated it so much, &quot;the Serbs&quot;, just to get that out to fifteen years, of which odleži pair in the Swedish resort called the prison, his current goal, formerly the Dodik should be in power and come by it by plane, by the window of opportunity for all citizens of a small finance &amp; H (ç) ethnic group! ¤ ¤ What will happen if the United Kingdom to comply with Serbia extradite her Dr. Ganic? It is not the first time that the British are bound hand dr.Ganiću, worked to and during the aggression against our homeland, with the embargo on the import of weapons, ie
 embargo on defense. Can our country at least expel its ambassador, if not to put handcuffs on his hands? You should be shaking the globe over the injustice, but that will not be anything. If it does not save it from an American passport or do I have, does not need to rein in government assistance because he left an easy life univerzitskog professors in the United States. What should happen not to stand after the genocide against us with their heads? Who is at all of us safe no matter where you are located? Many questions, no answers, and those who should react to this, our political leaders are charged with one another. I do not like being pessimistic, it is forbidden to Muslims, but there is no reason for optimism even as black under the nail! Let us help you to Allah. Amin! Add new comment
 