Some is due to the rarefied air of any evil. Dr. Teresa is the only solution: The Coca Tarata, formerly the Center for training missionaries in Bolivia, was held in February the International Meeting on justice, peace and integrity of creation, where he was a guest and associate Dana fra Mijo Džolan. During his stay, he visited a large part of the country and inspired record brings us thoughts, images, insights, hopes and ideas of the people of this wonderful country, concluding that coca as a means for survival at altitude Andean really works, and the white man when close to the slopes of the Andes begin descending towards the airport Jorge Wilstermann, before you point out Cochabamba, the capital of one of the nine provinces of Bolivia, with nearly one million inhabitants, at an altitude of 2558 m, with a rich imperial core and a huge expanse where planted mostly small improvised dwellings - Barrios. One such bar in Nairobi slums, the favelas in Rio, Sao Paulo and throughout the world witnessed the misery and unbearable proximity of plenty.
 The dominant point on the horizon above Cochabamba is a large sculpture of Christ (Cristo de la Concordia), situated on a hill as a natural base. It was a few inches plus imitation of sculpture height 33 m over the Brazilian Riom. One meter for each year of Christ&#39;s life, explains a young Indian woman. For ten million inhabitants of Bolivia, of which, at least formally, with frequent practice of ancient Native American rituals, holding nearly 80 percent Catholic, and addressed the guests, it is difficult to avoid the aesthetic and emotional relationship with this sculpture that seems to have embraced the city. He is largely coincides with the attitude towards the Church and its role in history and present Bolivia, or who is identified with a symbol and instrument of white domination of the conquistadors, wealthy foreigners, exploiters, a destroyer of Indian culture, or with the Savior troublesome and daring good news about the unconditional dignity every man, and just starts to build relationships in the world, from which his pupil not to emigrate.
 Here is Pope John Paul II during his visit to Latin America, 1988th, before hundreds of thousands of people, shaken by the fact sablažnjivog gap between a small number of ever richer and the growing number of all bjednijih, and the fact of preaching and practice of confusion within the Church itself, honestly cried: &quot;This must change! &quot; Many, however, still in Latin America think he was a condemnation of liberation theology of Leonardo Boff deprived deprived of a powerful instrument of social analysis of the Faithful, scholarly critique of the global market, exposing the exploitation and sinful structures, a basic conviction communities as instruments of resistance and solidarity of the poor actually stopped the process of transforming society, and drew a charge to believers intimističkoj devotion conversion of heart, then in private devotion: how socially uninterested, inefficient and devotion, which no longer teaches us the capability of suffering injustice, but for its abolition.
 Anyone with experience of revolutionary change we had John Paul II, one can understand his resistance to the Marxist method of social change, who without hesitation sacrificed millions for historical utopia, in real life only make replacement of the oppressor and the oppressed. Awakening from the long-term blockade of the first impression is not encouraging: waiting too long to exit the aircraft from the &quot;security reasons&quot;, a long tube and military uniforms in the civil area, a thorough review of documents, with a little bias to impose a spontaneous impression of post-revolutionary atmosphere. His ears rang not only clocks Internationals: Arise ye terrestrial prey ... According to the destination drive us Tarata Dania and Juan, both of Quechua Indians. Share with us the enthusiasm, which was awakened in all of about 55 percent of Indians in the Bolivian President Evo Morales. He speaks Spanish and English, but Juan teaches Quechua language, which is last in the family spoke of his grandmother.
 With pride and gratitude to mention how some priests have celebrated Mass and preached on the Quechua language. To question the kind of change occurred in the last five years the majority of Indian government. They say: &quot;No major external changes, but as we woke up from a long-term blockade and lack of self-esteem. We went to the doctor, we thought that it was not for us, while the rate of child mortality in some areas was 80 percent, we enter the state offices, because we had suits and ties, did not go to church because we hold that we are not dressed decently and not to fall into the same community with the refined gentlemen. &quot; How long in the memory of these people piled Kafkaesque syndrome real life waiting at the gate? Can this loss of personal and collective self-resolved without new violence and injustice? At the entrance to Tarata waiting for us perhaps the answer to this question: a monument to Rene Barrientos, a native of the President of the town.
 On it are all proud, unlike the president Mariana Malgareja also sumještanina, whom they consider a crazy adventurer. The drunkenness was headed with his army across the ocean to help the French in the war with Prussia. Can Evo Morales to avoid the pitfalls of cultural revolution and consolidate peace just yearning for justice and prosperity of their country? Those familiar with the situation in Bolivia indicate that there are still two interpretations of the present moment Bolivia: one comes from the perspective of the smallest, the poor, but full of hope and enthusiasm, the other from the perspective of the rich, scared of the possible loss of privilege and social position. The history of this divide is deep and it requires great wisdom, determination, purity of all parties. Pretkolumbovska era pushed in archeology and psychologically repressed. Surprisingly, these elements of the Inca civilization best protect the country, keeping unexplored archaeological sites, and folk rituals campesinos, embedded in Christianity, such as honoring Pachamame, natural earth goddess, life-giving.
 Presidential inauguration 2005th, the cultic site Tiwanaku Aymara Indians, President Morales sent a message to this period the Inca civilization is not forgotten and that it should be rehabilitated. Colonial period begins conquest and conquer the Inca civilization in the early 16th century. Indians were met with a new civilization, quite the opposite from what the missionaries preached: the subdued and forced his country&#39;s treasures, silver and gold, slave exploited for their masters. Their position has not significantly changed or independence as the Republic of Bolivia 1825th, after major military operations against the Simon Bolivar Spanish domination. Bolivar is Bolivia gave the name of independence. It was a time of permanent war for dominance over territory and riches in which Bolivia lost a third of its territory. In particular, has remained traumatic loss of access to sea in a war with Chile 1879th
 - 1883rd World powers have always showed interest in the wealth of Bolivia: zinc, oil, gas, lithium in recent times. Changed since independence, 197 government, but the position of the majority Indian population remained poor. They had no access to education, political decisions, economic prosperity. Sporadic uprisings, protests, hunger strikes came as an expression of despair and strangled in the blood. Do wonder what a ray of hope be so delighted? We must ask ourselves how to creatively focus. Indians wishes Juan Carlos Velasquez Silvestre, Secretary of Bishops Commission for Pastoral Social, Caritas, Pa Paz, a personal friend of Eva Morales, introduced us to the situation in Bolivia in a lecture whose title already says a lot: complex, dynamic and contradictory socio-political changes in Bolivia. Unbearable social injustice in the country with about 10 million inhabitants, of whom a large percentage excluded from social, political and economic life, and the Spanish conquest in the early 16th
 century deprived the majority of Indians, requires serious changes. The country has 55 percent of Indian population with 36 tribes and languages, of which the majority of Quechua (30 percent) and Aymara (25 percent), and the privileged and the rich mix between Mestizos (30 percent) and Europeans (15 percent), which originate in Spain, Germans, Italians, Basques, Croats, Russians, Poles. Dynamic and contradictory changes occurred as a victory Evo Morales and the MAS party (Muvimiento al Socialismo) in the presidential elections in December 2005. Followed by a MAS victory party at the general elections of 2009. with 64.22 percent, and electing a new Constitution, which introduces structural changes in the country. According to the Constitution and its interpretation are divided opinions. From the perspective of Indians, structural changes should introduce a centralized unitary state, multinational and communitarian society, political and economic rights of Indians, with an emphasis on collective rights, corporate representation in Parliament, the nationalization of the natural treasures of Bolivia.
 From the perspective of white mongrel and constitutional changes to be made by reforming the existing system of property rights and economics, constitutively decentralized state, guaranteed individual human rights, democracy, the neoliberal economic model, cultural and social rights of Indians. The role of the Church Msgr. Manuel Eguiguren, bishop emeritus, compatriot Simon Bolivar, a lover of suffering indigenous people, warned about the indispensable role of the Church, especially the Franciscans in Bolivia crisis point. The problem can not be reduced to the classification of or against Evo Morales. He is only the voice of those who for centuries have been oppressed and suffering. They should not be issued. Church must not remain silent. Therefore, very strong, but still loud enough, the option of the Church are priests, monks, lay people who believe in the Christian foundation of social and political structural changes in Bolivia. He thinks that the simultaneous charitable and social engagement to change unjust structures gives legitimacy to the Church to be a factor for stability and reconciliation in a divided and in many ways discriminating Bolivian society.
 Many still think that the only method of liberation theology can be put into practice the principles of the dignity of every person in accordance with the social teaching of the Church. Criticize the concept of justice as a reform unjust structures that justice boils down to giving concession oppressor oppressed. Such a theology of justice can be invoked only for personal conversion, mystical rather than political, while the wicked and oppressive structures remain unchanged. Many think that only a clear involvement of the Church in the processes of change could save the peace in Bolivia and save the country from the plunge in violence, anger &quot;cultural revolution&quot; and the new slavery of the old totalitarian ideologies. We&#39;re all like kids waiting for the day visiting one of five centers of charitable, medical, psychosocial and educational projects in Cochabamba and the wider area. I chose Sapanani, the region at an altitude over 4,000 m. There we met the work of the Foundation of St.. Luke: small medical center that provides primary health care for about 2,500 families and the Solidarity Fund, a program of health insurance.
 Center was founded by sisters of Charles de Foucault 1990th Reduce the infant mortality rate from 80 percent in a very small percentage. Some is due to the rarefied air of any evil. Dr. Teresa is the only solution: cocci. Love from the heights of the Kooperativa little further: it acts as a basic board with a family division of labor in the field, kindergarten, school. Produce potatoes and corn, soybeans. Share risks and profits. Surplus sale, of which every family receives a symbolic 30 U.S. dollars per year. Men are like representatives of rural communities all came to a meeting with the notebooks, while the majority were barefoot. They really want change. When we asked what was the most urgent help, asking for the scholarship for two students of agronomy. And at this level feels the presence of Evo Morales. Everywhere are posters with his image. They are full, too, thanks to human proximity and caring nurses and Franciscans.
 Here we feel completely Indian hospitality, came back for a moment in time pretkolumbijsko, ate their food with your fingers and experience to coca as a means of survival on those heights with diluted air really works, and the white man. On the way back almost ignored a series of dangerous cuts Andes. With this altitude as the love: you see clearer, see further, see what they would otherwise not be seen. Therefore, after consultation on the future work returning to their destinations worldwide, confident that with our arrival increased the number of those who love Bolivia and wish her the victory of peace and good. Chewing coca Regarding the perspective of society ruled by conflicting visions. The enthusiasm and joy for the promise of cultural and human emancipation, of majority of Indians in the Indian Nations, and in the wealthier eastern part of Bolivia around Santa Cruz there is a concern, protests and attempts at secession. They think it&#39;s populist Evo Morales that the antagonism towards the U.S. is pushing the country toward leftist totalitarian systems such as Venezuela and Cuba.
 The whole project could end up in the &quot;cultural revolution&quot; and push the country into a prolonged conflict and dictatorship. In particular, fear the results of local elections that are planned for April this year, because of &quot;power at the local level to take the corrupt and illiterate people.&quot; Here is a fact that is building his political image of the liberation of Bolivia izrabljivačkih projects of multinational companies. Symbol of neo-colonialism and oppression of the poor countries of Latin America, declared the United States. So with great interest during the Congress received notice that all 33 countries of Latin America and the Caribbean agreed on some form of community, which will be similar to the EU perspective. Officially make this community as Comunidad de Estados Latinoamericanos y Caribenos (Celce) should be declared in Chile 2012th This entire process is seen as the release of &quot;neoimperijalističke&quot; Organization FTAA, the Free Trade Area of both America, through which multinational companies exploit the poor countries of America.
 In addition, the episode has not yet been completed with the growing of coca. Americans have invested a lot of resources to Bolivia&#39;s consent for a project to eradicate coca. Evo Morales is said to have profited most politically as a fierce advocate of preserving Indian traditions of chewing coca tea is prepared and used in various ceremonies and occasions. However, Kokin derivative of cocaine is becoming a powerful means of drug cartels, with whom he might one day and Evo Morales have a problem. Economic experts see the prospect of Bolivia in a mighty mineral resources: gas, oil, silver, gold, tin and recently found a great site, currently making the most wanted metal lithium batteries. Evo Morales is the first economic moves, they say, proved wise, announced the nationalization of natural resources has not been implemented, but there has been a redefinition of favorable concessions to big companies. This money is substantially completed the state budget, which the new government could send a small signal of better times for the poor in Bolivia.
 DNA Franciscan spirituality who is remotely instructed in the Church&#39;s social doctrine, will quickly lead to the familiar criticism that the Church, such as philosophy only deals with the interpretation of the world, and there is no will, no mechanism to change it. Indifference to the world and relations within it, particularly for issues of social justice, could only be based on a philosophy that teaches that the material and social history only worthless introduction to the real world value, hereafter. However, almost to the Gospel proclaims the scandal the most serious possible reason for the unique and unconditional value of all the created world and its history: Jesus&#39; incarnation and integral humanism in the equalization of love for God and man. Documents and Studies of Social Doctrine of the Church in fidelity to the Gospel that had to be permanently released from this worldview of dualism. The church has become, especially after second Vatican II is sensitive to all issues of the modern world.
 The fruit of this interest is the Pontifical Commission Justitia et Pax (Justice and Peace). When in 1967. Pope Paul VI founded this committee, had pointed out its mission: &quot;to help keep the church open your eyes to the reality of the world, sensitive heart and willing hands to realize God&#39;s plan with the creature.&quot; History of the Church and today&#39;s dilemmas, which are necessarily global, saying that the function of the Commission Justitia et Pax center and not at all simple. The church is on issues of justice, freedom and dignity of all creation sinned in many ways: sometimes being overly identified with the historical social solutions, inhuman ideologies, sometimes passively watched desperate initiatives to improve the unjust relations, and sometimes neglected a critical analysis of world processes and mandatory inspection of the connection between unfair structure with the suffering people, and despised of creatures. One of the enduring dilemma of the Church and the world on these matters delivered in condensed metaphor famous prisoner and martyr of Hitler&#39;s concentration camps, the theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer: &quot;A fool rushes into a tank on highway.
 Tramples everything in its way. People buy good soul wounded, take care and drive them to hospitals. Who will remember how to stop the madman? &quot;In the Franciscan order at the level of provinces, conferences and the general level, the model in the spirit of the Commission Justitia et Pax, operate specific Franciscan Commission with the most common title of the Commission for justice, peace and integrity of creation. Franciscan interest in issues of justice, peace and integrity of creation is the core - some like to say DNA - our spirituality. The specificity of this spirituality comes from two fundamental shifts that are readable in the life of St. Francis: Francis in the Jesus tradition, leaving the historical matrix of friend-enemy on no enemies. He interrupted, &quot;logical&quot; a good round of retaliation good, evil, evil. He wants to make an unqualified good. Francis&#39; attitude toward the created world is full of joy: the value of the created world in itself obliges us to respect, and its exploitation stems from ethical nihilism everything, including human, degrades the meaningless material.
 Wherever man has been humiliated and made the world it is a fundamental blindness and contempt for the creatures and the Creator. Therefore, the Franciscan International Meeting on justice, peace and integrity of creation was held on 21 to 28 2nd 2010th in Tarata, a former missionary training center near Cochabamba in Bolivia, the attempt of solidarity with the people, &quot;Third World&quot;, which has long been manipulated, as a material with no inner meaning. In Congress, I have to OFM Twelve representatives of all conferences in the world, with leaders and animators of the Office of the General Administration of the Order in Rome, and brothers and sisters in Bolivia, participated as a director of the Franciscan Institute for the Culture of Peace in Split, and as an envoy of the South Slavic Conference (BH, RH and Slovenia), the Franciscan Provincial. Source: Bosnian days, B92
 