Translated by: Denis Rizvi Minber.ba-American and Afghan forces commenced an attack on the city Marjah, &quot;the largest Taliban stronghold in Afghanistan, in his first major military offensive since the U.S. president Barack Obama announced that sends a new 30,000 soldiers as reinforcements. The U.S. strategy is to remove, kill or capture Taliban, to prevent their return, and then provide assistance and various other services for people who are full of gratitude. Described as a sophisticated action and attempt to &quot;win the hearts and minds of Afghans,&quot; the true and hidden goal of this offensive is to win &quot;hearts and minds&quot; of American media and the public, especially those of the media in the United States directing the efforts of reporters on the ground in Afghanistan. The message we want to send the U.S. military is to wage war in Afghanistan that can be obtained, and not to be sinking deeper into the Afghan quagmire. Media prefer short wars. Their audience has never been so eager for news as it was during an armed conflict.
 The first newspaper reported on wars in late sixteenth and early seventeenth century. Television loves melodrama, and exploding grenades and tanks up. And just this great zeal and impatience about reporting on the battles easier manipulation. The U.S. Army has been so successfully sold the latest U.S. plan for Iraq as a military victory, while the American public barely noticed that the U.S. troops slowly withdraw, leaving Iraq in the hands of the government, which has close ties with Iran. Television was a surprisingly denied when it comes to war reporting. It will be a picture, but the modern battlefield is a little more to see. Since the time when the soldiers began to use long-range rifles everyone is very careful and keep your head down. War movies even more misleading misled about what he looked like war today, giving the impression that the day &quot;D&quot; was a close fight, like being at Hastings or Agincourt.
 The film &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; was praised for its realism, probably because the show and spilled the blood of the womb. In reality, the film goes along with the fiction in which the soldiers found frantically and suicide, no cover, firing at each other in a bloody melee. Frustrating lack of anything to be seen when the real struggle explains why for many of the most famous war photographs or recordings, that show the wars of the last century, like the death of soldiers in the Spanish Civil War, or raising the Soviet flag over the Reichstag in Berlin in 1945, later found it is a staged event after the battle. Images of war that is confusing or drained from the truth and go beyond the killing of false or staged heroic scenes. Key events are skipped or exaggerated in their presentation. 2001-2 I reported from the war in Afghanistan and I was stunned by how little real struggle.
 Taliban fighters were ordered by their commanding officers to go home, to fight when the time is right, how it has advised the Pakistani secret service (some services) because the warlords were paid by the CIA and therefore it was the most reasonable thing then. Cities like Ghaznija and Kandahar fell without a fight. Solid armed Taliban fighters who perished in their villages, or crossed the border and went to Pakistan, a antitalibanska team took office. But people outside Afghanistan, who were then followed TV or read newspapers, they got a completely wrong picture of the impression that the Taliban militarily defeated, and that will never be able to fight. During the invasion of Iraq and after the reports of journalists, mostly American, were solid, but have repeatedly been cenzirirana and abbreviated by those in Washington and New York. Ignorant of former government officials, who have found refuge in various organizations, were presented as &quot;independent&quot; experts and allow them to preach every night of the war that had not seen nor experienced, except perhaps during a brief encounter in the &quot;Green Zone&quot;.
 Government manipulation of the news about the wars in Chechnya, Afghanistan and Iraq have become easier as the &quot;rebels&quot; began to take journalists as targets. In Northern Ireland and Lebanon 1984th year it was safer to be a journalist than anybody else. All parties to the conflict, no matter how bloodthirsty had struggled to the media about any group of fighters had his spokesperson to the media. This changed in Lebanon when fighters began Hezbullaha kindapirati journalists, and since some fighters muslimnskim countries have begun to look at journalists as people who can kill before you cooperate with them. These dangers have led to journalists traveling with American and British soldiers. Although this has undergone much criticism, this is nothing bad if you recognize that the vision of the war reporter who goes along with the troops is partial. However, in practice, the effects of this are serious indeed. For example, November 2004.
 The U.S. Marines have made a fierce attack on the city of Fallujah, west of Baghdad, who was very stronghold of the resistance movement. These battles are well-cover reporters who were with the American and British troops, who was presented as a great American victory and a defeat &quot;insurgents&quot;. But while this battle was at its peak, &quot;insurgents&quot; are &quot;crossed&quot; Mosul, a city in northern Iraq, occupying more than 30 police stations and capturing weapons worth around 40 million dollars. With a bit of American troops in that area, and also some journalists, this significant loss is passed without any reporting on it. Wars are often so confusing, with such reporting, it is often questionable and the identity of the winner. The new U.S. strategy, and 30,000 soldiers as reinforcements, who were sent to Iraq 2007th year, in the opinion of many Americans, including generals, reversed the course of events on the ground.
 But the decisive moment of the military in Iraq 2006-7 was that the Sunni Arabs, who dominated the resistance to the Americans were defeated in a savage sectarian war by šijja. Huge numbers of Sunnis in the capital, was killed and had to flee to Jordan or Syria, and some Sunni leaders have been forced to agree with the Americans. And when the number of U.S. casualties dropped, newspapers and television are happily began reporting, often bruseći &quot;dorađujući and reports of its correspondents in the field, that what happened is a triumph of U.S. strategy. Mostly mythic American success in Iraq is now trying to map the Afghan cities such as Marjaha, and it will be fiercely reported. A spokesman for NATO forces said that the people of this city will soon feel &quot;the benefits of good governance, economic opportunities and activities under a legitimate government in Afghanistan.&quot; But, according to the messages and the American ambassador in Kabul Karl Eikenberry in a report addressed to the president of Obama, which was leaked to the public, there is no such Afghan government, at any level.
 Instead, he warned that the new U.S. reinforcements, which now went into action, only allow &quot;unlimited, the U.S. military role in Afghanistan.&quot; Written by: Patrick Cockburn From Counterpunch. com Add this article to your favorite online community
 