Rescuers in Indonesia are, in their attempt to reach the 11 villages for which feared that they had destroyed the tsunami, battling strong winds and big waves. The villages are located on the west coast of Sumatra. One local official said on Thursday the BBC said that in that part of the country&#39;s large number of human corpses scattered on the roads and beaches. Meanwhile, authorities have acknowledged that the system of early warning, which was set up after the attack in the Indian Ocean tsunami six years ago, was not fully functional. Rescuers searching for Tsunami ravaged islands in the west of Indonesia fear that the death toll of more than 300 people could grow because it is possible that hundreds of missing people swept away by water, an official said Thursday. At the other end of Indonesia, villagers held a collective funeral for the 33-oje people killed when it erupted in one of the most active volcanoes of the country. Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono is expected to meet Thursday with the survivors of two disasters that happened in 24 hours in various corners of the seismically sensitive region, severely testing the network response to natural disasters and the country prone to natural disasters.
 Officials say that several million dollars worth of tsunami warning systems installed after a strong earthquake 2004th was not properly maintained. &#39;&#39;The Mentawai Islands Tsunami ravaged rescue teams and search - that have been delayed for days because of stormy sea and bad weather - they found a road and a beach full of corpses lying in them,&#39;&#39;said Harmensyah, head of the Centre for disaster province of West Sumatra, reports the AP. Some of the rescuers were wearing face masks while they wrapped the corpses in black body bags. Large areas of land remained under water and houses were lying covered with tires and chunks of concrete to sand. Harmensyah said that teams are losing hope of finding more than 370 people missing after a huge wave, is due to the earthquake ječine 7.8 degrees Richter, hit the island on Monday. Prepostavlja that many perished in the sea.
 