When we are already quite distraught lamb, kid, veal, meat, or strong, before the end of our stay, we found in the north, the big lake Khovsgol, near the border with Russia, and began to swear, to guide us for lunch somehow provide the fish, which was there in abundance, we looked puzzled. Fish in Mongolia is not considered worthy of the people and the food on the scale of the local value is even below the chicken. What the fish catch Mongolians are exported to Russia and China. Livestock in Mongolia in abundance and who will squander time choosing a fish bone. But our guide Gansukha effort has paid off. Somehow he managed to convince us that the chefs prepare the fish, so we are enjoying the beautiful scenery around the huge lake Khovsgol that pours into the river, which a few hundred miles away in Siberia, Baikal full, even more enjoyed the taste of the live fish. Relaxed descendants of Genghis Khan Excluding food, a nightmare for vegetarians, Mongolia is a country to enjoy.
 Only a small portion of its vast expanse - an area of 1.5 million square kilometers, about thirty times greater than the Croatian - is covered by the signal of mobile phone networks, and my operator with Mongolia has a roaming agreement. A two-week break from phone calls and the fact that the Gerovo, round tents in which they live more than half the population of Mongolia, there is no Internet access, benefit is that you can rarely afford. Far from domestic and foreign news, the vast expanses where you can really travel hundreds of miles without stumbles on anything created by human hands, we agreed with the sentence, the friendly Filipinos Andrew, one of the members of our group of seven, who are thrilled as a child when would, from time to time, the Mongolian NEKAJ, grabbed the cell phone signal - it starts World War III, we will be the last to know it! The descendants of Genghis Khan, according to which in Mongolia is called everything from the international airport in Ulánbátor the most popular brands of domestic beers and whose image is everywhere, from the national currency banknotes Tugrik ogromnome the sculpture in front of parliament, now living a quiet, long buried the war hatchet .
 Once the most powerful military force that created the empire from Beijing to the Caspian Sea, has been squeezed between the hammer and the anvil its only two neighbors. Landlocked, Mongolia in the north squeeze the greatest country in the world, Russia is pushing to the south, according to China&#39;s most populous state. This uncomfortable position for a country that no three million inhabitants, not frustrated, however, Mongols - were relaxed and carefree probably convinced that only they can get to the end of the vast desert stepo which occupies the largest part of their country. Because, when you look sparse vegetation, where millions of feeding horses, camels, sheep, goats, Jacob ... (On a population of Mongolia comes 13 head of cattle), which is constantly in search of grazing, moving NEKAJ without roads and bridges, it becomes clear that this country is not easy to master. Mongolian Minister of Roads, Transport and Tourism, however, can boast that his country occurs every day hundreds of kilometers of new roads, however, in parallel, only a few meters away from the existing ones.
 When the Ulanbatora begin to descend toward the south, the asphalt stops for several kilometers behind the last house, and since then have, for hundreds and hundreds of miles, only left the realm of Polish roads. As soon as one is depleted, it emerges with a new, račvajući in many road around a pool, a hole or gully. Our driver Khasi, which fantastic cope in this labyrinth, where there are no road signs or markings, unfailingly turns from one to another time. Guide Gansukh jokingly tells us: - It is easy to Khasi, he has in his head embedded GPS, Global Positioning System, which he unfailingly said. Fascinating beauty Gobija Khasi, appearance and irresistible character similar to our Minister Cobankovic, especially in that last year&#39;s edition after the rafting, just smiles enigmatically, Mitsubishi stiskajući pedal-powered all-wheel drive. Gobi Desert which begins at fifty kilometers behind Ulanbatora.
 Not that it is a desert with endless sand and almost completely without vegetation, such as the Atacama, what we are seeing along the Pacific coast of Peru. Gobi desert is the northernmost of the world and it is actually a desert wilderness with rather stunted grass, but still enough to be used for feeding millions of livestock. When it runs out in one place, the Mongols in a moment of their separation Gerovo and further instructions. Expanses are vast, no one no one bothers, and grazing is always found somewhere. In her breathtaking beauty, the Gobi in the soul, however harsh desert. No one should underestimate what has been witnessed by cattle skeletons found along the path. Lost if the stray sheep or goats, and even a horse, will skapat of thirst, far from artesian wells to find the Mongols in order to ensure the troughs for their livestock. Distributed in two Mitsubishi, our small group in which the next two Croats, John and me, two Filipinos, two Australian and Switzerland, occasional discomfort from the mighty expanse.
 What if something happens? What if Khasi or another driver, Saruul, mistakes the way? What if we ruin the car? Hundreds of miles we meet no one, only here and there some ger, surrounded by a herd of livestock or random rider, or some tourist jeep. Water was luckily enough to trunks, but our discomfort becomes even greater when our Mitshubishi pierced the tire. Khasi it skillfully and quickly replaced, but now we have no spare tire, in NEKAJ Gobija, far from any civilization. Of the question sentence Mildred Cable, the British missionary and writer who in 1926. traveled to the hostile desert, zapisavši: &quot;Only a fool travels Gobijem without apprehension.&quot; However, we still, as if nothing had happened. Khasi, which John and I affectionately call begin Co., given the remarkable similarity with our Minister of Agriculture, racing with Saruulom. Drive parallel to one another would not lift the dust, which will lead us in huge clouds keep track of all time of our times by Gobiju.
 Desert towns, like Dalanzadgada of some fifteen thousand inhabitants, to whom we encounter on our journey, the group actually Gerova fenced with boards or wire, that they do not come stock. Only a few buildings made of hard or adobe bricks. No trees, no sidewalks, no street lighting and everything is full of dust. Looking for fruit Khasi While seeking to tire patched tire, we Šmuc by those few otužnih stores in search of fruit. The effort was futile, fruits and vegetables imported from China, and the consignment has not arrived for a long time. Stores, ordinary kućerci without windows that chance, but not enter, do not know what is in their sales, are crowded with Chinese products, mostly imitations or forgeries of Western goods - from French fries look like Pringles and Rocher chocolates, and fake T-shirt Adidas or Nike sneakers. For those less picky, there are cookies from Kazakhstan, chocolate from Malaysia and Ukraine, or hard candy from Brazil.
 For days in the wilderness comfortably. The temperature is around 25 degrees Celsius, although it can be days when you went up to 40, but now it is pleasant and the wind that blows from the north, bringing freshness. But when the sun goes down quite gets cold, so as soon as we reach the FRA, inquire if there spare blanket. However, according to how it can be here in winter, the nights are now comfortable. When in November or December, the desert is covered with snow and when the Siberian expanses zapuhne cold, has a terrible day in February, the coldest month of the year, when temperatures fall to know minus 40th It is a nightmare for residents Gobija; they are afraid of Zuda, storms, characterized by abundant precipitation of snow, accompanied by strong winds and extremely low temperatures. ZUD know half the number of their livestock, the only resources available to it. End of the tourist camp where we spend the night and every night we sleep in the other, there are several Gerova families who have settled in the vicinity.
 Dinner time (but you guessed it: lamb or kid with potatoes and rice, vegetarian only potatoes and rice) is still far away so we decide to visit one family. Hospitable they show us that we enter the ger. They would milk the mares, but not every day that someone comes to visit, and were briefly delayed the usual evening job. Senior member of the family still sleeps on the floor, not referring to our presence. Intensely interested in them from where we are, so when they Gansukh says that John and I are in Croatian, significantly kimaju head. I&#39;m sure they do not mean anything, but soon I will be convinced that I was wrong. In Gera we offer cheese, dried on the roof of the tent and fermented mare&#39;s milk. Most of our group, due to hygienic conditions in Gera and the fact that they are dragged under the bed, sir, politely refuse the possibility, but my curiosity compels me to try. First I&#39;m over indigestion is the hope that I have acquired some immunity, along with the Khasi, and Saruulom Gansukhom, whose eyes lit up when they saw a jar with sour milk, Kusama offered.
 Cheese is a tough, extremely buttery and tart and sour mare&#39;s milk, it might be described as a concentrate our kefir, a stronger taste and strong odor. Shepherds on a motorcycle hosts invite us to go on with them, milking, and one which is difficult to determine the year, starting with me an interesting conversation. - Mongol, &quot;he said pointing to himself. I nod, he continued, now pointing towards me. - Croat? I certify nod, priželjkujući that our guide Gansukh nearby, but he kept up with the drivers in a tent with cheese and sour milk. I hear them, the mood, as always, to be something sweet and smiling, obviously some kind dosjeci be fired every now and Khasi. - Yugoslavia, says my source Mongolian, and I waved my head, not knowing how to explain to him that Croatia is not in Yugoslavia. But he was persistent and repeated: - Yugoslavia. I understand that obviously wants to say something else, but I do not know what.
 But then onomatopoeia and pantomime addressed what prevents ignorance of the language. - Boom, boom - he says and shows his hand as if firing a rifle. Then of course we realize that the man wants to say that she knows that the U.S. was a war. Satellite dish with ger and solar cells are no longer rare, and news reaching here, into the wasteland Gobija, in what Engelezi called in the middle of nowhere, and we vividly, quite in the spirit of our language, we spend as nowhere. However, not only satellite antenna and solar cell means civilization that penetrate in the farthest corners of the world. Although, I am almost sure, the Mongols before they learn to ride than walk, Chinese and Russian motorcycles all over them for keeping livestock. I have seen countless shepherds to their flocks gather circling around them distraught over his motorcycle and dogs that are hard to get used to such innovations. Milking mares is a bit cruel. While women with a cup of milk prepared to start milking, the man found the colt and dragged him to kobiljih Vima.
 It immediately began to greedily suck, but as soon as the milk is gone, moved away to him, so the women began milking. However, life in general Gobiju is cruel, even to survive, they all share everything and everyone is someone steals something. On the way back to watch the kids play with ger a game with the same stones, some along the way, along with other souvenirs, locals sell. But Gansukh explains that this is not the stones, but small articulated bones of sheep or goats. A game to the English game as a knuckle bone, which would be in Croatian, a good deal of awkward, the game could be called articular bone. Blue skies, green prairies on a pile of a hundred such joint of small bones, like a block, but four more planes, some were impressed, and differ from one another. One is a goat, one sheep, camel third and the fourth horse. Each player also takes a handful of these eight small bones and casts them as they throw dice playing dice.
 The point is to get as many squares on whose upper side will be a horse. Every horse is worth a point or move up one place in an imaginary race of horses. This simple and fun game in which the Mongolian children enjoy more than ours, in the Play Station, says that everything is interconnected and intertwined, and how scarce the world Gobija is an easy substitute for something that we need high technology and a bunch of money. And children are the real decoration Gobija. Stop it with a ger on the road immediately, cheerful and smiling, come running to your car waiting for sweets or some trifling gift. Some will pass from Gera piece of cheese or a jar of milk to your honor. Although in all the guides it says that they should not be given sweets, because it no teeth here, but all they do. Rosy cheeks and cracked from the sun and wind, will be happy to pose and take photos as much as you want. However, the decoration Gobija the azure sky with the milky-white clouds that from morning to evening wrapped around the horizon, creating, as in a kaleidoscope, the incredible world of creatures and scenes from my imagination.
 In each tutorial you read about Mongolia is a land of blue sky, but the guides are usually overreact, because their aim is to lure you in time. However, Mongolia is truly the land of blue sky, especially in Gobiju, where the bright blue of the horizon merges with the green step. Gobi encompasses thirty percent of the territory of Mongolia, then one-third of the country, or a dozen Croatian area. Mongolia is shared with China, a line which follows the greater part of their mutual border that stretches nearly five thousand miles. Here in the realm of Gobiju bactrian baktrijskih or camel, with Mongolia is the only live in China and Kazakhstan. Dromedarius, Dromedari, might not survive the harsh winter, because the fat laid down at the one single grbi would not be sufficient to othrvaju Siberian cold. They say that they are easier to ride than dromedarius, but for me to sail the ship of the desert did not particularly comfortable. Three or four kilometers as it lasted a half-hour truckanje wilderness for what was supposed to pay thousands Tugrik (less than one dollar) still remained in the memory a few days, due to difficulties caused by the seating uncomfortable saddle, so I tried to comfort him, not recognizing that the riding camels still require minimal skills.
 Grounding camel lack these skills proved to be especially when I want to dismount, and when I&#39;m following the instructions he gave me the owner of the camel, persistently potezao halter down, shouting the magic word that would have prizemiti camel. - Suk, Suk! - I pronounced the word helplessly, trying to point out the way I was taught the owner of the camel. But she did not move, so I now have a bit desperate, repeated: - Suk, Suk! And so a few times. Nothing, however, has not happened and I sat helpless until the owner of the camels did not appear. He was unusually patient with the animals, yet quite genuinely that she commands everyone, listened to once and immediately sat down first at the front, and then the hind legs. I hardly took place in the saddle, is satisfied that the adventure ended happily, however. But it was not quite so: the cost of a thousand Tugrik, tričavih those bills as much as I paid for riding, he was not alone. It was necessary in a tourist camp to pay three times more for washing pants, because the smell of camels relentlessly crept into them.
 Next week: Size GERA - Why is the city Ulánbátor dull and why you eventually look like a metropolis ● happiness with $ 30 per month ● What is the Mongolian BBQ ● How reindeer die from dying tribe ● Why Khasi gloated when Saruul accidentally deleted images from the camera Drago HEDL Source: B92
 