U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton last Thursday in a journalism museum in Washington held a programmatic speech on freedom of expression on the Internet, which many interpreted as a direct blow to the Chinese Foreign Minister cenzuruAmerička Hillary Clinton on Thursday at the Museum of Journalism Newseum in Washington political and programmatic speech on the Internet and its future has caused a lot of attention. She pointed out that the Internet should be free of any censorship, and mentioned the recent government intervention and restriction of freedom in this sphere in various countries. Many of the speech is analyzed in the context of a dispute over the Internet between China and the American Internet company Google, which has accused the Chinese government for censorship, and subversion. According to Google, Chinese hackers broke into Google&#39;s system to gain confidential information, and enter the e-mails of Chinese dissidents and American companies and journalists who have had their addresses on Google (gmail).
 After the 12th Google in January on its official blog that accused the Chinese government, Chinese people are keen, informally at first reacted, and Google announced that it could pull out of China and the delayed placement of some of its devices to the Chinese market. When Google 2006th entered China, Chinese internet users, which has 350 million, was made possible by more efficient surfing. Google is now in China a very important tool, although the widespread Chinese search engine Baidu, which is developing even faster. Google in China came in quite dramatic circumstances after a political agreement between the company and the Chinese authorities, who were attacked by many in the West, claiming that Google agrees to China censorship. Today, the Internet search engine Google is undoubtedly one of the most powerful tools to access the desired information. Google is a daily teaching, informing it, having fun, searching business information, dealing with science, serving hundreds of millions of people, because the efficient search engine, which was constructed several years ago, students Sergey Brin and Larry Page, much better than any competitor.
 Based on the success and innovative search engine was created and the company Google Inc., One of the most powerful and propulsive high technology companies, whose value is estimated at tens of billions of dollars. The company is due to the vast number of users to develop business around the world, improved search engine, adapted to local specificities and the language has become so ubiquitous. Google Inc.., Aware of the meaning of the Chinese market, has developed a Chinese version of its search engine, which was located on its U.S. site, but it was not particularly useful to Chinese Internet users, because it was very slow, and often did not give any results, This is because the Chinese government decided to control all traffic between Chinese internet users and Google, both in China would not be reached for information that the Chinese government does not want to be Chinese citizens know. Any contact with the Chinese Google users went over slow China&#39;s control of servers, which stopped the unwanted information.
 This is for Google was a big obstacle to any expansion of operations in China, especially the one in which Google is the best - connecting users&#39; interests for the search with commercial facilities. The top companies were aware that the salaries of all exuberant Chinese market, Google will remain unattainable is not whether his search fast and effective as elsewhere in the world. And it becomes such, it had to be approved by Chinese authorities that her Chinese customers free access. But the Chinese government has set a condition that I have Google blocking information that the government does not want them to have access to Chinese citizens. In the administration of Google discussed whether to introduce discounts and self-censorship or to adhere to the motto that went into your project - they will enable users of its search engine completely free access to all information. From the inception of the Google argued that it will not intervene in the contents of the search until it is in accordance with the laws that guarantee freedom of speech and that they are not concerned who requires it and for what reason, even if it&#39;s about terrorists, pedophiles and financial fraud.
 To Google and it still held, no agreement with the Chinese authority would not be possible. But in the lead of Google, however they decided otherwise, and entered into an agreement with Chinese rule, and thus created a new variant of the Chinese language search engine, which is located on a Chinese website, which itself is excluded from the search for content by the Chinese government does not want to be Chinese see. Google has pledged to be viewed in Internet search results to inform Internet users if they denied him some information. The most successful Internet search engine has entered China under the condition that blocks sensitive issues for the Chinese government, but after a recent hacking Google is threatening to or withdraw from China and will allow users to search all the topics which the Chinese state apparatus zabranjujeTa Google&#39;s decision caused many negative reactions human rights activists in the United States, which argued that Google has agreed to a profit of censorship, gave the Chinese government and now works in violation of human rights of Chinese citizens to full access to information.
 From Google were rejected criticism, saying that such a decision is made not only for the benefit of the company, but for the sake of Chinese people, because they will be able to browse the Internet more efficiently, and with it the possibility of their information will increase significantly. Google is pushing reminded that this is not the first time that Google, in accordance with the wishes of governments to censor content. So - because of legal restrictions in Germany and France - disable local users to reach sites where it glorifies Nazism. This agreement is valid until now, up to allegations that Chinese authorities organized subversion Google. Google has made it clear not only that he could pull out of China, but also that, if left, could remove the censorship demands by the Chinese government. After that contacts were established between the heads of Google and other leading figures from the Internet sphere with the U.S. Department of Foreign Affairs. The general belief is that Hillary Clinton&#39;s speech at the museum of journalism used to present the American attitude toward this issue, it is inspired by these meetings.
 From her ministry have already been mentioned before that I think is obviously an interstate dispute, and even more on the dispute in the understanding of freedom of expression and communication. Hillary Clinton said: &quot;The countries that restrict free access to information or violate basic human rights of Internet users at risk of the fence&#39;s progress in the next century. States or individuals who participate in online attacks should face the consequences, and international condemnation. The Internet connected worldwide attack on the network of a country is an attack on all. &quot; He then asked the Chinese authorities to thoroughly and transparently investigate who is attacking Google and tried to penetrate into it, and who is attacked and a dozen other U.S. Internet companies. Direct has warned China that the Chinese economy to suffer because of trying to restrict access to information. He announced that the U.S. government strongly stand behind Google, has called on other U.S. companies in the sphere of high technologies to refuse the demands of certain countries to censor content in China that Chinese authorities do not match, and that the race for profit is not involved in repression.
 The Dalai Lama belongs to the person whose name entered into a search engine in China makes no rezultateNajavila that her ministry will be in February at the highest level meeting with heads of Internet companies to discuss internet freedom. Great American Internet company Yahoo, Google&#39;s rival in the field of Internet search engine, backed Google&#39;s stance in the dispute with the Chinese authorities, a solidarizirale are some other companies, saying that what happened with Google, just a continuation of a wider Chinese policy towards the Internet: to China to play only those Internet services that are separate from politics, which have benefited the development of Chinese economy, but restrict and prohibit them where they can find political content, which is spread political propaganda, and develop unlimited communication, and thus the China banned, and Facebook, and Twitter, and YouTube. The Chinese government in that dispute had not advertised, but her attitude could be read from the beginning according to the Chinese newspaper.
 One of najnakladnijih Beijing tabloid titled &quot;The World of Google defends the White House&quot; published an article claiming that Google is an instrument of policy states: &quot;Whenever the U.S. government request, Google will easily become a useful tool for the promotion of political will and ideas U.S. government abroad. A current American government is so willing to exploit it. &quot; Another Chinese newspaper, aimed at younger readers, hard to exploit this incident &quot;to China imposed by human rights issues under the guise of a commercial dispute&quot;: &quot;They also think that when Google was in trouble, and Western culture in trouble. Using Google for the propagation of free speech as Americans see the real reason why Google chose this dispute is not resolved in the commercial sphere, but through politics. &quot; The first is about the dispute publicly spoke to one of the Deputy Foreign Minister He Yafei, announcing that China and the U.S. will soon join the talks to solve mutual problems, and there are many more important issues about the imbalance in trade between them, about Tibet and Taiwan, which is specifically highlighted as topics of future Sino-American talks.
 A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Zhouxu Ma, corresponding to the speech Hillary Clinton said: Deputy Foreign Minister He Yafei of China announced the talks with the U.S. &quot;China is strongly against the speech Hillary Clinton because he is against the truth and harm US-Chinese relations. China has its own national characteristics and cultural traditions, and it regulates the internet in accordance with its laws, which are consistent with global norms. Chinese law prohibits Internet attacks and violations of privacy, and the Chinese government supports the fight against hackers, strengthening international cooperation and strengthen Internet security in accordance with the law. &quot; The Chinese government rejects claims of being behind the attack on Google, reminds us that the Chinese sites and Internet services are often the object of attack by hackers, so he and Baidu was attacked by Iranian hackers. China has never denied that in China there are hackers, but claims that they have no connections with the Chinese government and Chinese politics.
 Some Chinese sources claim that Google deliberately caused the affair, preuveličavajući some phenomena that are common on the Internet. This is done for two reasons, according to these Chinese sources: to prepare the release of Google China and justify the release of political reasons, although it will be a commercial motive, because Google operates poorly in China, since it is the largest market share over Baidu. Another possible reason for Google&#39;s potpirivanje this affair is his attempt in the new negotiations with the Chinese authority receives favorable commercial and technical conditions of operation in China, according to these Chinese sources.
 