The order of his government Marquis Imperiali, the Italian representative of His Majesty the King, has communicated to the distinguished honor of Edward Grey, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs of His Majesty&#39;s British, and other Excellencies M. Paul Cambon, the representative of France, and Count Benckendorffu, Representative of His Majesty the Emperor of all Russians , the following memorandum: Article 1 Concluded a military agreement between the rulers of France, Great Britain, Italy and Russia. This agreement establishes the minimum number of armed forces that Russia will start against Austria-Hungary in order to prevent them from concentrating all its forces against Italy, in case Russia decides to focus the bulk of its forces against Germany. The military agreement will determine the issue of truce, which must come within the scope of military commanders. Article 2 For its part, Italy will all their forces to participate in the war along with France, Britain and Russia against the common enemy of all.
 Article 3 France and the British fleet will provide active and ongoing support of Italy until the Austro-Hungarian fleet are destroyed or until peace is concluded. The Navy contract will now be made to that effect between France, Britain and Italy. Article 4 The peace treaty will get Trentino Italy, Cisalpine Tyrol with its geographical and natural borders (Brenner), further Trieste, Gorizia and the county of Gradiska, Istria and Kvarner whole and including Volosko and the Istrian islands of Cres, Losinj, and the small islands Plavnik, Union , Canidole, Palazzuolo, San Pietro dei Nembi (Ilovik) Asinello, Gruic and neighboring islands. Note: The limit, which is to carry out Article 4 search, will be drawn as follows: From Piz Umbraila to Stilfser Joch Retijskih will follow the edge of the Alps to the source and Etscha Eisacka and then go over prijevora Reschen and Brenner and the heights of Oetzi and Ziller. The limit will then wrap around to the south, will be sent via prijevora Toblach and will reach the current limit Karnijskih Alps.
 This boundary will follow the transition between Tarvisio and then after crossing Tarvisio (Trbiža) along the divorce to go through the Julian Alps Predilklanca, Mangart over mountains, through Triglav (Tricorna) and along the gorges Podbrdo divorce, Poljanišće and Idrija. From this point the frontier will take a southeasterly direction towards Snjeznik, while outside the Italian territory to omit the entire basin of the Sava and its tributaries. From the mountain there will be limit down on the (sea) coast, so it will cover Kastav Matulji Volosko in Italian territory. Article 5 Italy will also get the province of Dalmatia, in its present administrative borders, including the north and LISARICA Tribanj, and in the south dosižući to the line, which is in Cape Plates (Planka) comes out on the east coast and followed the tips of peaks that make up the divorce case, that all the valleys and water, falling towards Sibenik, as Čikola, Krka, Butušnica and their tributaries come in the Italian resort.
 Earnings will continue all the islands, which lie north and west of the mainland of Dalmatia: the north Premuda, Silba, Olib, Skardu, Maun, Vir and Pag, to Mljet in the south, including St.. Andrew (Saint), while mornings, Vis, Hvar, Torkul (Šćedro), Korcula, Kaciol (Susac) and Lastovo, as well as reefs and islands around Palagruža, and only islands excepted Drvenik large and Drvenik Mali (Zirona Grande and Piccola) , Ciovo, Solta and Brac. It will be offset by: 1 The whole coast from Cape Plates (Planka) in the north to the southern part of the peninsula of Peljesac (Sabioncello) to the south, so that the whole of the peninsula included; 2 Part of the coast, which begins at the northern point of 10 km. south of Cape Cavtat in the south and reaches the river Vojuše so involved Kotor Bay and Kotor harbor, the port of Bar, Ulcinj, Sv. John Medovanski, Durres, and not to okrnjuju rights of Montenegro, which followed the declaration, the government revised in April and May 1909th, but since these rights extend only to the current Montenegrin territory, can not be extended to the area, or airport that could be assigned to Montenegro; consistently will not be allowed to offset any part of the coast, which now belongs to Montenegro, will remain in effect restrictions on the Bara, on which Montenegro in 1909.
 alone agreed, 3rd and, finally, all the islands, which are not assigned to Italy. Note: The four powers would guarantee a united following the territory of Croatia, Serbia and Montenegro: The whole area of the coast in the upper coast of Volosko across the border to the southern coast of Istria, Dalmatia, including the current Hungarian and Croatian coast Coast, including the port of Rijeka and the new port and Karlobag also the islands of Krk, Prvić, Gregory, Naked and Rab. In the southern Adriatic, the area that are interested in Serbia and Montenegro, the whole coast from Cape Planka to the river Drin, including the important port of Split, Dubrovnik, Kotor, Bar, Ulcinj and St. John Medovanski, also the islands of Great Drvenik, Mali Drvenik Ciovo, Solta, Brac, and Jakljan Kolocep. Port of Durres will get an independent Muslim Albanian state. Article 6 Italy will gain full sovereignty over Valon, Sassen and swelling over the area, which will be sufficient to ensure the defense of these points (from Vojuše the north and east, almost to the northern border districts Cimara in the south).
 Article 7 If Italy gets the Trentino and Istria, the terms of Article 4, Dalmatia and the Adriatic islands within the boundaries designated in Article 5 and Bay Volosko (Article 6), and if it is the middle part of Albania complied with to create a small autonomous neutralized state, it will not any complaints against this place, to be the northern and southern part of Albania, in the case that France, Great Britain and Russia wished to, split among Montenegro, Serbia and Greece. The coastline of the northern boundary of the Italian Valona property (see Article 6) to Cape Stylos will be neutralized. Italy will be instructed to represent the state of Albania in its relations with foreign countries. Italy, on the other hand, fits in all cases, leave enough area east of Albania, to ensure the survival of the common border between Greece and Serbia in the west of Lake Ohrid. Article 8 Italy will gain full sovereignty over the Dodecanese islands, which now holds the occupation.
 Article 9 France, Britain and Russia recognized the general form, that Italy is interested in maintaining the balance in the Mediterranean Sea and the sea in the event of total or partial separation of Turkey in Asia to get properly share Sredozemnomorskom area, which borders the province Adalijom, where Italy has already acquired a real interest, which consisted of one item of Italian-British Convention. Zone, which will eventually be recognized by Italy, if the time is come, will be delimited with regard to the existing interests of France and Great Britain. Italian interests will also be acknowledged, in the event that the territorial integrity of the Ottoman Empire to be held, in the case, you should take changes in the spheres of interest forces. If France, Britain and Russia during the war possess the Asian territories of Turkey, to the neighboring province Adaliji Sredozemnomorsko area remain reserved to Italy in the above specified limits, which will have the right (Italy) to take possession of it.
 Article 10 Italy, Libya will become the rights and privileges, which are now under contract lozanskog belonging to the sultan. Article 11 Italy will get any share of reparations, which is suited to her efforts and sacrifices. Article 12 Italy declares that it joins the declaration, which was given by France, Feb. Britain and Russia, to Arabia and Muslim holy places in Arabia must remain under the auspices of an independent Muslim forces. Article 13 In the event that France and England its colonial possession in Africa increased at the expense of Germany, in principle, these two forces is recognized, to Italy to seek some reasonable compensation, and this time, which would border issues between the Italian colony of Eritrea, Somalia and Libya and the neighboring colony of France and UK. Britain was arranged in her favor. Article 14 United Kingdom undertakes, to facilitate the conclusion of the loan, which has now picked up at the London market and from at least fifty million pounds sterling, with appropriate conditions.
 Article 15 France, Britain and Russia will support the resistance, which Italy would oppose any proposal, aimed at the to, to attract a representative of St.. Chairs to all negotiations for peace and regulation issues, which has launched the current war. Article 16 This agreement shall be kept secret. Only with access to the Italian declaration of 5 rujna 1914th disclosed immediately after the declaration of war by Italy or Italy. Since the above memorandum received the knowledge of it sufficient authorized representatives of France, Britain and Russia, also of his government&#39;s plenipotentiary representative of Italy, concluded the following agreement: France, Britain and Russia to give their full consent to the memorandum, which was submitted from the Italian government. View č1anke 1, 2, and 3 of the memorandum, which take into account the military and naval cooperation of four governments, Italy declares that, as soon as practicable, enter into war and within the deadline, which shall not exceed one month of signing these contract.
 In witness whereof the undersigned have signed this Treaty and affixed their seals. Written in London, the fourfold drafting 26th travnja 1915th Signatories:
 