Janjeæa pašticada and mashed green beans and pancakes with ham! Hrvoje Zirojeviæa masterpiece! The island of Hvar, and Dubrovnik, already ten years old, have nothing to do with the average tourist map of Croatian. Only here guests come from countries that are not lucky in Istria and Kvarner. Just come here guests deepest d ¾ epic. For a while a great idea champagnme &amp; caviar bar, in Opatija Bevanda fail, solely due to poor quality of Opatija tourists, so far, just as expensive Carpe Diem, Hvar, or Gil&#39;s cocktail bar in Dubrovnik create long lines! Luna Restaurant and celestial alignment! How it passes gastronomy? In Dubrovnik, needs and knowledge, and caution, and luck, foreign tourists, it would be good to eat, and would not be skinned,&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;. With the two institutions, both within and to the walls, like Proto and Nautica, Mr Mate Ðuroviæa, the remaining fingers of one hand, there would be something! Although to me, and this gentleman Ðurovièu I said, my experience to you its twice cheaper Prota, was almost twice better than chichi Nautike! Therefore, these 2008 years, have contributed to extremely high temperatures (over 32) and the time when I ate lunch! Luculus otkaæenog Hvaranin Cara! But what Gospar Mate is different.
 I am to you is that the Nautica, tested as it may mar your raises you in, and succeed. Thus, for example, all the main fish dishes, above 44 euros, making them di ¾ over the Austrian and Italian restaurant with one Michelin star, and may also have been a step further! But it all and would not be so interesting, that gentleman Mate, naposrednoj in its vicinity, it offers quite&#39;s different prices and offers. First a PROTO that we were delighted navjiše. Then, Restaurant Mimoza, a very interesting and innovative, with respect to low-cost meals. Lobsters from 3.2 kg to hold the owner of a HANIBAL Hvar! But problems arise when we inspire fishing pjat in counter, without thinking that call, the best fish soup you my life. For 48 €, huge pjat, based vongola, bjele bits of fish, and various cooked Vegetables, on the red (PROTO processing bujaboisse soup). Almost, that may go as a main course alone. So when problems arise in the&#39;&#39;cheap&#39;&#39;MIMOZA extraordinary proof bowl St.
 James, also interesting in saffron sauce and, if not the best cake, then cake najzanimljivja ¾ life. Called&#39;&#39;Dubrovaèka cake&#39;&#39;(30 EUR), based on rarely used rogaèa, with the cream of egg whites, and some other ingredients. In addition to the famous ice cream koromaèa in Valsabionu Pula, I dare to write, this is the most original Croatian desserts. Interestingly, too, that leaders of renown PROTO, water, 2 brothers, twins jednojajèana, Vuletiæa, and it is in our example, the grief caused ridiculous. Slightly spicy, cold, gazpacho soup in LUNA. Hvar is the antithesis of Dubrovnik! While there, also, a very rich kijentelu, there are ten places where you get a very good spize for small money! From where I bistros FOR 2008 yr. ate the best soup of my life, is veal in vomiting, you yellow beans, carrots, etc., to the already glorious ® introduced the Korcula! Already notorious fisherman who settled on the island! Who have such a simple concept.
 A similar Maretini at Viskovo, River! Just the ¾ en (shame they do not swallow, and ra ¾ u like them!). Marinero, ® family introduced, offering iskljuèiov your fish, but squid, so that fair to ¾ ® introduced Francis, the eldest son! Personally, I 2008, tried it, it is hard, get nowhere in Croatia! Hour earlier caught and pr ¾ ene small red mullet (mullet fish most sensitive to standing). In addition, ® introduced, which is unknown, with prof. Counterpart, SARDINE SNACK father, who failed so miserably! Last SARDINE SNACK, closed in 2007, just at the Hotel Park, the bay of Lapad in Dubrovnik, and in 2006 was the central issue of the Croatian daily, as the only one that works well (in Zagreb, then it was still open). ® introduced them all beat, because he is the father of the idea, in the final phase, prof. I geared colleagues and uvelin ® Mariner, every evening during the season, do over 600 evening and waiting and one hour vreman, to obtain anchovies, sprat, tuna, etc., with ¾ ara.
  Agreed with me and you, even Vinko Faith, the reactive gala dinner at Crvneom island, in May 2010, which gave Emile Perdec And his Maistra! For a recent visit to Canada, as my latest mjeseènik AIR CANADA. Which is sent to more than 400,000 addresses across Canada! Topic is Croatia! Prete ¾ Duborvnika no pictures, so prepotopna the image of the tram as it is no longer in use? On this track is the only photo I Croatian cuisine! Cheap baking dish with shrimp, and writes under the Macondo Hvar? For the same plate and the pan, I gave up lunch in Najade, spring 2007 years! Some of the similar things, threw me out of bars in Johnson. So I&#39;m annoyed, you extend and car to Draga di! Where was Great, but expensive! There on the island of Hvar is only one restaurant that you live in history, as this issue does 2! Pharia, established in 1985, one of the oldest! There you will find on the menu I Èevapèiæe which cultural buildings Hvar ¾, even at 70 kuna! A socreal wine Kaštelet, by a whopping 300 kuna! This is the only restaurant, which would apply known Butkoviæ pouèak, the title of&#39;&#39;Wide berth&#39;&#39;.
 But, but, gives another, the most important pouèak you! I remember when I Vast, for tartufijade the Istrian thermal springs, in 2005, said that&#39;&#39;the Gallo you terribly expensive restaurant (see price list that is!). Well, we own, my JET SET, the Davis Cup for the words, one evening, lunch at the Blue Cellar, and the other with her father, Joseph Taribo, in an amphora. So prejeli lobster, and paid less? I could not naèuditi! When I asked him&#39;&#39;what you drink&#39;&#39;, said&#39;&#39;some&#39;&#39;of wine. But which one? Similarly And Disturbed! Here you pouèak! The LUNA Hvar, Plenkoviæ barrique, 2007, only 240 kuna! Across the street, Paladini palaces, even 400 kuna! A trash Kaštelet (Is this a product of yet?), Faria in Hvar, even 300 kuna! Has long become important, as you drink, what kind of margin you will have a restaurant on the wine, and not what you eat? On Hvar, I was convinced in another Gault Millau pouèak! That the duct bags and Istrians know both twin pairs, which are presented as Gault Millau.
  I refused and it never want you to try! For me the meat of sea bass leave you breathless! Even when it comes 2 the most famous performances in South East Europe you! In Valssabionu in a vacuum with a green, wild asparagus, and the castle Zemon, in salt zapeèen with Mediterannean herbs, and this dish, washed Slovenian Kavèiæa into orbit! Jacob still remember the cap, which is Kavèiæ, trmièki obraðivoa 2 hours at low temperature! Masterpiece! But the bass left me ravndoušnim! However, while in Croatia, tuna more offers, grouper has a bit obviously, the other in December ¾ drljivice as grouper, swordfish, l murina, are a rarity! Finally, a bit sumirajuæi, man is surprising, as the islands of Hvar and Vis, so iskoèili the colorful culinary punudi Croatian, and not only that they do not follow, other islands, but these 2 islands, for me, the whole range of Istria or Kvarner! Lucullus, received awards for years, for 10 najorginalnijih Adriatic dishes, which gives the CPT.
 Marèiæ (1999 we even sat in the same building!) And very Eitan mjeseènik More! The owner of the Golden Shell, John Buzoliæ, the only Croatian, international culinary judge (for you Unfortunately, photos of his restaurant on site, have been an amateur, so I&#39;m out izostavija. Triba profiæa engagement ¾ Irati!). some of shellfish meals are foam of anchovies, butter vocals with capers, goat cheese soup, etc. najotkaèeniju Luna has a terrace on the roof of the restaurant open! Which of the sun, protect the white cloth Sailing, a built-cijevæice, every 1 minute, disperse cold vapor and air! And there dobipš, it ¾ but piquant, gazpacho soup, for only 24 kuna, and the same with the prawns, 34 kuna! Why hey there Reloads avajuæu, èudnovatu, summer soup, so hard to get to Croatia, to me it never was clear! Hvar is a Croatian gastronomic miracle, and to Vis! Still has them, you, me akd 2005, called for the brothers, one of the favorites Zlatko Gala, for his big celebration! Which reminded me of the famous BRAÈKI cocktail, which is the official locals! Dobis èašu aerated water and little drops of lemon! You&#39;ve shvatija 2005, I am not rich enough to leave Hvar, to respond to calls braèkih birthday caterers! A 2008 sah shvatija, to me the city is sufficient.
 And I&#39;m not rich enough to pay for a boat to Palma ¾ ane, 60 kuna, so I threw money at a disastrous restaurant Toto, a maker and cooking and Ana Ugarkoviæ! Or Meneghello for Retirement bo ¾ view, but a total disregard for the quality of waiter-carrier, and I swear, sometimes the dishes! Main Zlatko that Gal in èijoj I patty of boškarin, only in you I enjoyed Vodnjanju (they whisper that I exaggerate the klinèiæima uništija taste). And why is it that cooks among the stars, like Matthew Balent, B. Ognjenoviæ, Marin Rendiæ, etc.), along with so many offers of Hvar, besides, you deserve noted, Luvija, had to go to the islands of hell, that finds its spize? ® Ivija Hvar, its restaurant managers and famous winemakers! PS Hvarski Rashomon: 1) The enormously expensive Markets Nice find Miniature Cherry Tomato, you yellow color, in the form of small flasks! The taste does not follow the price of 35 € / kg, but for decoration, or something else? 2) Two oèajne bakery, called sun-HVAR? They have no connection with the ORCO? But no bread! For inspection! Half of the corn which only has a name, paint, and even 7.5 kuna to half of bread! Someone is bribed, and the margin of the stories you should write back 300% invested ¾ eno? What a disaster! 3) Restaurant Kri ¾ eastern port, I know his name, but do not, here&#39;s what you offer! 1 / 2 kg of fish on the list you fire! And at 100 kuna? What is the worst way, the sick, prepare a list? Price? Origin list? From Morocco!
 