Polish President Lech Kaczynski, his wife Mary, the highest commanders of the Polish army and other government officials were located among the 97 people who died in the Polish presidential plane crash near Smolensk in Russia. Poles are a mass gathering in squares and light candles for the victims in the accident. The interim president, former president of the lower house of Polish Parliament Bronislaw Komorowski declared the week of national mourning. &gt;&gt; Poland: Parliament takes over as president of the State&gt;&gt; Wales: Jesus and Mary, unimaginable tragedy&gt;&gt; Lech Kaczynski - from child star to the president&gt;&gt; World leaders: This is a tragedy for the whole of Poland According to the Russian ministry for emergency situations, the aircraft Tupolev TU-154M, there were 97 people, of whom 88 members of the Polish delegation on the way to Katynsku forest, 20 kilometers from Smolensk, where in 1940.
 by Stalin&#39;s orders killed 22,000 Polish officers, soldiers and prisoners of war, where they were to attend the memorial service in their honor. Found Body Polish president and the two black boxes Body Polish President Lech Kaczynski was found at the scene of his aircraft near Smolensk, and the two black boxes from the aircraft, according to Russian media. The bodies of all 97 victims were found and will be transported to Moscow, said Emergency Situations Minister Sergei Šojgu. Information that the President&#39;s body was found said the agency RIA Novosti, citing the high Russian officials. Other details were not disclosed, except that identified several other bodies. Discovery of two black boxes from Tupoljeva 154M announced Russian Minister for Emergency Situations Sergei Šojgu and added that he had already begun to listen to their expertise. A spokesman for Law and Justice party (PiS), meanwhile, said that the president&#39;s twin and former Prime Minister Jaroslaw Kaczynski flew to the crash site.
 &quot;Overcome by the tragedy, but brave,&quot; said Mariusz Blaszczak. His personal situation is even worse because their mother Jadwiga (84) for more than a month in hospital in serious condition. &#39;I do not know whether it has been notified of the tragedy, &quot;said Blaszczak. The cause of the accident human error? Approaching the Russian airport in Smolensk in 10:50 hours, local time, the plane is about two kilometers before the finish crashed in the woods, and one of the causes of accidents could be pilot error, explained Andrew Jevsejenkov, a spokesman for local authorities in Smolensk. &#39;Stuck in the treetops, then collapsed and the plane broke into pieces, &quot;said regional governor of Smolensk region Sergey Antufijev. After the fall, the plane burst into flames. Russia&#39;s RIA Novosti reported that the plane crashed 300-400 meters from the runway while attempting to land even though it was thick fog. Russian television showed the wreckage of the aircraft, painted in the national red and white.
 An official of the Russian Flight Control states that a pilot ignored a few tips to land due to fog in Moscow or Minsk. &quot;No one should be landing in fog so thick,&quot; said an official who requested anonymity. Putin promised a quick investigation into plane crash Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin promised a quick investigation into the cause of the crash. &#39;We must do everything to help the families of the victims, &quot;Putin said state television after visiting the crash site near Smolensk in western Russia. Putin was there, also paid tribute to victims of a minute of silence. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, Putin had earlier appointed head of the investigating committee for the accident. Russian Transport Minister Igor Levitin, meanwhile, accused the Polish pilots Soviet Tupolev Tu-154 that they acted arbitrarily. Visibility at the site of the accident was only 400 meters while the required visibility for landing 1000 feet, he said.
 Levitin said they found the black box flight data to be examined in Moscow Russian and Polish experts. Interfax news agency reported that the Polish authorities have announced that they had opened its own independent investigation. The pilot refused to fly to Minsk? Similar information is presented and a representative of Belarusian aviation authorities, as reported by Interfax. &#39;Just before exiting the aircraft in the area of responsibility of Belarus, the Russian colleagues, we were asked to notify the crew of bad weather landings in Smolensk, &quot;said an unnamed source from the aeronautical authorities of Belarus to Interfax. Russian Air Force Commander Sergei Razigrajev said that the pilot before the one fatal, three times tried to land and categorically rejected the possibility to fly to Minsk. &#39;Belarusian flight control information is transferred aircraft Tu-154, but the Polish pilots decided to continue the flight toward Smolensk, &quot;he added.
 Russian investigators have said that examines possible causes of the accident, the bad weather, human factors and technical problems. Aircraft is 20 years old TU-154M is one of two Tupoljeva used by the Polish government and as far as 20 years. Government officials have often complained about the age and deterioration of government aircraft. In addition to Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife Mary, among the 96 people killed in plane crash near the Russian governor of Smolensk and the Polish central bank, 47-year-old Slawomir Skrzypek, Chief of Staff of the Polish Army Franciszek Gagor and Deputy Foreign Minister Andrzej Kremer, Chief Chief of Staff Gen. Franciszek Gagor, commander of the operational forces, General Bronislaw Kwiatkowski, commander of the Army, General Tadeusz Buk, commander of the Air Force, Andrzej Blasik, commander of the Navy Vice Admiral Andrzej Karweta and commander of the special Wojciech Potasinki and President of Polish Olympic Committee Piotr Nurowski.
 According to the rules of the Polish army, in the case that commanders are not able to serve them automatically change their deputies. A spokesman for the Polish General Staff announced that the emergency session of the military leadership. (Mi.Dr. / Hina)
 