Author: Martin Hrupić Posted: 23.03.2010 Despite criticism from the United States, Netanyahu said that Israel has the right to build in east Jerusalem WASHINGTON - The Jewish people, Jerusalem was built 3000 years ago. Build it today. Jerusalem is not a village. It is our capital city - said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel in the conference pro-Israeli group of American-Jewish Committee of Public Relations. RELATED NEWS News The biggest controversy so far This has removed the suspicion that Israel would withdraw from the construction in east Jerusalem, which led to the most serious dispute the U.S. and Israel over the past few decades. He said the fact that the Israeli districts in East Jerusalem &quot;an integral and inseparable part of modern Jerusalem.&quot; At the conference, said Secretary of State and Hillary Clinton who said the United States, as his friend, has a duty to say when Israel is wrong. However, quieted the tone, saying that the U.S. commitment to security and the future of Israel &quot;solid as a rock&quot; (similar to a declaration that it was confident of &quot;endurance of friendship,&quot; Netanyahu did).
 Relations were shook when U.S. Vice President Joe Biden visited the region in support of peace negotiations. That is when Israel announced the construction of 1600 housing units in east Jerusalem. The meeting is Obama, Clinton and Netanyahu talked behind closed doors on how to improve the atmosphere around the stalled negotiations, Netanyahu is scheduled to meet today is Barack Obama. - The President is hopeful that the meeting would lead to progress and to the two sides not only physically start to negotiate, but to get the relationships needed to fruit crops talks - said the White House. Netanyahu&#39;s firm stance is also a consequence of domestic issues in Israel. To soften, he could face the collapse of the ruling coalition, composed of parties that support the building. Israel annexed East Jerusalem 1967th, and 40 years in the construction of settlements in the West Bank (with about half a million Jews) spent $ 17.4 billion U.S. dollars.
 Partially freeze the construction, which does not apply to east Jerusalem (which Palestinians claim as capital of their future state), Israel was proclaimed in November 2009. Number of recommendations: 0 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 