In the picturesque language of the French media, the situation is presented in the following words: package is likely to disinfect the wound, but that the wound completely healed, European political leaders will now have a common coordinate economic policy. Greek case, called ulcers (although it constitutes only three percent of gross domestic product, the euro area) has grown into sepsis alarming proportions. Therefore, the initial question should be whether to burn the euro, the answer is still no, but the only question in any case is no longer taboo. The public deficit has grown, the items of Maastricht are out of date (public debt is less than 60 percent of GDP, exceeding the deficit less than three percent), a violation of the Stability Pact. &#39;In this situation, or will the eurozone governments agree on common economic management or the euro will fall apart, &quot;says French politician Jean Peyrelevade. Pro et Contra lack of solidarity among members of the euro area is ideal terrain, as repeatedly emphasized Nouvel Observateur, the impact of the strengthening.
 Euro-skeptics, particularly in Anglo-Saxon world. But other than Nobel Prize Paul Krugman and Joseph Stiglitz that the American press vehement attack the euro, there are European economists, who called the anti-euro ideologues. Ideological disputes are the most important in terms of which affect the increased investor caution, and poor circulation of fresh capital. Euro skeptics even look out of Greece in the euro area, claiming that the package is not sufficient to solve the deep problems of the Greek economy. According to them, there are two of the euro zone, competitive and export (Germany, France) and the so-called consumerist. &#39;Club Med&#39; zone (Greece, Italy, Spain, Portugal). New old discourse is interesting to note that the monetary crisis and came back a certain type of discourse eurocentričnog: Greece and Portugal, without much hesitation and in a number of conditions called &#39;weakest links of the euro area&#39;, &#39;poorest students&#39; and &#39;euro patients&#39; countries where corruption is &#39;national sport&#39;.
 Reference is also the greatest fear of France and Germany, which would eventually have had to surrender part of their sovereignty, economic policy, which in the case of the southern nation eurozone does not consider the argument. Then, they may find the following quotes confident, &quot;if France is found seriously attacked, there will be no euro zone &#39;. It is interesting to note that the monetary crisis has returned back to a certain type of discourse eurocentričnog: Greece and Portugal, without much hesitation and in a number of conditions called &#39;weakest links of the euro area&#39;, &#39;poorest students&#39; and&#39; euro patients&#39; countries where corruption is the &#39;national sport &#39;. Reference is also the greatest fear of France and Germany, which would eventually have had to surrender part of their sovereignty, economic policy, which in the case of the southern nation eurozone does not consider the argument. Then, they may find the following quotes confident, &quot;if France is found seriously attacked, there will be no euro zone &#39;.
 Illustrative are the lists weekly Focus Money talking about the monetary union, northern Germany, France, the Benelux countries, Austria, Finland and other EU countries had to meet the light version of the euro. The French have long reluctant euro Among the arguments advocates euro states that the euro has allowed European companies to smooth out the single market and thus strengthen their competitiveness. Jean-Pierre Jouyet clearly states: &#39;Without the euro, the crisis in 2008. would lead directly to the bank failures and the system of protectionism ... scenario is clearly reminiscent of the 1929th the year. &quot; The French, for example, have never been particularly prone to the euro. According to surveys, the Financial Times, 62 percent of the population believes that the euro negatively affects daily life, 55 percent hold that there is no negative impact the economy. The actual assessment of the situation says the following: daily consumption needs are truly risen (the infamous baguette that has grown from 0.65 to 0.80 euros), and expenses like gas and electricity are rising.
 The growth of the euro against the dollar has weakened the competitiveness of the eurozone. The problem was again the lack of clear strategy. Yvon Jacob, president of the Group&#39;s industrial federation, said: &#39;They allowed we have to weaken the dollar and the yuan, because there is no European sovereign body that can discuss with U.S. and Chinese authorities. &quot; The only argument in which the pro and anti Euro advocates agree is the overwhelming effect of anesthetics. &#39;The biggest drawback is the euro that was so patronizing ... which allowed the states to do whatever they want with the public finances. &quot; Spas euro order to avoid the drop in the euro airplane pilot who is required to use a reliable instrument. It is necessary to create economic federalism, coordinated economic and fiscal policy. But how? Many call for the creation of a common fund, which will be able to save the state debts, and to sanction offenders. The question now is whether Europe&#39;s leaders, chronically devoid of charisma, accept what you are already a number of times refused to do.
 Weakest link eurozone Greece awaits the shock therapy, which was recently confirmed by Parliament: freezing jobs in public services, significantly increasing taxes, reducing pensions and the overall reduction of about 30 percent of purchasing power. Portugal announced the privatization of 18 public companies and increasing taxes. With the fall of stock indices in Spain and indebtedness that is only in the construction sector climbs to 105 billion euros, Zapatero statement that Spain is Greece fail to reassure the growing number of skeptics. The pros and cons as overvalued currencies, said Philippe Villino, former director of the Figaro, the euro has brought a lack of competition, and only the German economy benefited. Political and then the monetary union, should start in a small area and abandon the Euro-dogma, which is very fast and has shown real potential pitfalls. Gérard Mestrallet talking about the euro as the &#39;European miracle&#39;, which allowed not only development but also facilitated export opportunities.
 If every country back its currency, it would be the death of Europe and some countries would be drastically impoverished. Former European Commission president, Jacques Delors, no doubts about the benefits of introducing a common currency. Eurozone recorded a growth by 2008. of 2.1 percent, it has created 16 million jobs, an increase of 15 percent. No warning of deficiencies that have occurred over the introduction of the euro. Europe, however, may not only have a common monetary future, it must be economically and financially united. And these failures of the past now paying dearly.
 