Jali Džand its natural atrakcijma draws the attention of tourists who visit him from remote parts of Iran. The pure mountain air and nature, beautiful horizons remain unforgettable and require re-vision. The banks of the Tang and yours, a famous waterfall surrounded by magnificent gardens called the fun and relaxation. Historical letters on the stone, which originates from the time of the square-framed Gadžarija media written at the height of two meters above the river in a place that seems unattainable are indeed a real masterpiece. He is said to have been made during Fatali Shah. Letters show the rulers, military leaders, animals and warriors. Every year, especially in spring and summer, here are alternate river tourists. It is important to know that the village jali Džand has everything needed to host the tourists and enjoy the beautiful scenery of the departure could bring the gifts from the village, the most prized honey and nuts. In this rural town can be reached by paved road via Firuz Kuha.
 The second part of today&#39;s show is reserved for the representation of Rud Avšana, the village that belongs to the district town of Damavand mountain ranges Albors. A place that due to its source and gardens receives thousands of visitors, it is interesting that the visit did not stop even during the winter period. Rud Avšan is located 50 km from Damavand and 100 km from Tehran. Water, source of life, raise the level of animal husbandry and agriculture as well as quality of life Rudnjana. Since horticultural products originating here pears, apples, grapes and cherries. Near streams and springs flowing cold water in the village of habitat is found on thousands of species of wild plants. The village has many natural attractions, but Rud Avšan caves located in the south of the village is breathtaking. Researchers and mountaineers from around the world come to this natural cave which is only a half hour walk from the village and say that is truly unique treasures of nature. It is located at 1 800 meters above sea level, is 40 wide and 12 meters high, divided into several rooms.
 Some experts claim that arose before several thousand years and that the river flowed at the height of this rock. They believe that one part of the river Deličaj expanded input while sections and stacked bricks on the corners speak for themselves - that once was no life here. The first room 25 m high has dimensions of 80x100 and the other as to who is the largest string.
 