Europe&#39;s &quot;greenest&quot; cities in the world According to a reputable magazine Condé Nast Traveller, six European cities have entered the race for the selection of the purest and the &quot;greenest&quot; city in 2012. The only one of them will be crowned as the most eco-friendly European city. Learn what are the cities, which are to help the planet and why you should visit. Stockholm Sweden - European Green City 2010 has no doubt why the Swedish capital given the nickname &quot;Venice of the North&quot;: a beautiful city that lies between the tangled medieval architecture, contrasting modern, fashionable area of fenced-designed bars, restaurants and boutique &#39;chic&#39; cafes. Yet even so, Stockholm he won the title the greenest city in Europe for 2010. year. Numerous reasons are that: Stockholm to successfully deal with the pollution of noise, and cleaned vodoopskrbnju using modern systems of waste.
 Also the air quality has improved. Trains and city buses now run on renewable fuels, while the city works to 2050. was fully ejected from the use of fossil fuels. City break tips Today, more than 95% of Stockholm&#39;s population lives on just 300 meters from the green spaces that they provide a natural paradise. Get a taste of that lifestyle and visit Rosendals Trädgårdskafé on Djurgården island. Barcelona Spain This popular short-break destinations has made great efforts to reduce carbon pollution, combining urban planning with socio-economic and environmental initiatives, to encourage their residents not only to reduce, reuse and recycle products, but also to make them more pride in the environment of their town. City break tips with one of the most revolutionary kitchen ba world, a brilliant contrast of modern and medieval erhitekture, &quot;tons&quot; cultural &quot;hotspots,&quot; Barcelona is a great place to visit.
 Why for example do not catch the sights and sounds of the Festival del Grec &quot;in June and experience the exciting nightlife of Barcelona. Sweden Malmö Malmö is the main commercial center of southern Sweden, near Copenhagen. The Swedish city focused on improving indoor workspaces for their employees, as well as to external conditions. Companies are carefully controlled and encourage the use of clean air, buying recycled goods and creation of recreational green space. The way in which workers come to their jobs is also important. Specifically, Malmö highly appreciates your bicycle, so that in addition to a specially designed bicycle paths in the city have installed special cycle-barometers that number of cyclists passing by. This bicilkisti feel appreciated, which is reflected in an increasing number of cyclists on the streets of Malmö. City break tips built on a system of canals and bridges, Malmö is proud of its environment, sophisticated culture and excellent trnsportnim routes.
 Simultaneously is an excellent location for iztraživanje Northern Europe. For those looking for fun, in Malmö is the largest number of bars and restaurants in Sweden. France Nantes The city, a seaport in western France, has invested great efforts in educating young people to develop greater environmental culture in the future. Nant is home to numerous green spaces, gardens and parks, and citizens are encouraged to visit regularly to learn about the different types of plants and animals and developed a respectful relationship with nature. School children are also sent to visit farms to learn how to grow their own food. City break tips sure to visit the cathedral from the 15th century, mansions and lush botanical gardens in which the Nant known, but interesting as a giant, 14 floors, high mechanical elephant at the Boulevard Leon Bureau, which can accommodate 35 passengers for sightseeing. Germany Nuremberg Nuremberg is home to the largest forest area in Germany.
 According to the agenda adopted by the Nuremberg, hundreds of volunteers were organized to work on numerous projects, including ecological urban planning, renewable energy and careful planning of operations. City break tips While its historic significance of Nuremberg&#39;s no secret, Nuremberg is also an exciting urban environment, which is a great base for exploring the surrounding natural beauty. Refer to radiant Franconian lake swimming and water sports, go to the rock-climbing in the mountains, or to refer to some of the many hiking trails in the wilderness, the inhabitants of Nuremberg, which is worth being kept. Iceland Reykjavik Looks like a toy town, with its colorful square roofs and sturdy modern buildings that bulging like robots wandered the iconic hotizontu. But make a mistake if you think that this wonderful city. Reykjavik has set itself an ambitious goal to become a global leader in environmental research.
 This has attracted a large number of young scientists. There is also a large number of programs designed for city use of natural energy sources such as hot water springs that are located around the city. Distribution and geo thermal energy to be carefully planned so that roads and buildings constructed in such a way to monitor the distribution flows. In this way, Reykjavik not only saves energy but also the prevention of introduced numerous traffic accidents caused by icy roads during severe winter Iceland. City break tips Discover the amazing volcanic landscape of places like the &quot;Blue Lagoon&quot; - a large pool of warm, mineral-rich water, excellent for therapeutic baths. Or relax in riding the beautiful fjords. And of course do not forget the famous volcano. Spain Vitoria-Gasteiz Vitoria-Gasteiz is the capital of the Basque, located between majestic mountains and the Cantabrian French border. Just a small town that can be explored on foot.
 He is known for its fantastic offer traditional restaurants. It is also extremely &quot;green&quot; city that understands the problems environment very seriously. Vitoria-Gasteiz is trying to sustainable consumption is not viewed simply as a way of life but also as a civic duty. Local authorities are struggling to change laws to make them adapt to the environment. One of the most important initiative is the demolition of old buildings and construction of modern buildings with eco-friendly systems. City break tips from neoclassical villas to medieval churches and cathedrals, the city is full of cultural content to explore. Be sure to taste the local &quot;pintxos - Basque version of tapas - one of the many rustic bars. Germany Hamburg - Hamburg 2011 Green Capital is a great destination for a &quot;release valve&quot;, as they would say, &quot;party hard and shop until you drop&quot;, because it has a fantastic selection of clubs, bars and designer shops.
 It is also one of the cleanest cities you can visit and was named European Green Capital 2011th and the most due to the significant emissions. Today a large number of residents of Hamburg in front of their door with access to environmentally-oriented networks, trains and trams. Hamburg has set itself the ambitious target that by 2050. reduce emissions by 80%. City break tips The best way to explore Hamburg&#39;s water supply - many navigation channel connecting the Elbe, Alster and Bille, on rented boats or yachts. The rivers are surrounded by scenery parks, avenues and lovely cafes. Do not forget to taste the fine beers, most bars have widish list for the election. Tweet
 