The present situation of Finland may be summarized to the following points: - First, the West and Finland with Russia must keep your calm and cooperative relations. It is a primary strategic goal and a vital precondition for stability throughout Europe. Finland&#39;s membership in NATO could provoke the current Russian authorities and as such violate a fundamental relationship to mention. It is not clear depth may ebitne Russian reaction, ie, whether the stated cause a reaction against the West or against Finland. Therefore, this issue requires more detailed analysis. - Second, the gap between Russia and the West is likely to be currently deepening. It is now clear that Russia and the West nastanjavaju two different world views of the majority, and the tensions between those worlds Boost. This partly rests on the internal Russian process, in which no one outside, or even inside Russia has no effect. Of course this may not be absolutely sure, but the trends are geared in that direction.
 Where Russia is going and what consequences this will have on their relations with the EU, Finland and NATO is another issue that requires detailed study. - Thirdly, Finland is now an integral part of the Western world and may not be to distance himself from me you ebitnih tensions between the Russia-West. Through EU membership Finland is politically integrated with western Europe and the days are gone its neutrality. Even such an association could potentially affect the tensions with Russia, since Finland The total economic, social and political future rests on the western society. EU membership and zoom in influence within the EU is essential to the future development of Finland as a nation, and therefore Finland politically oriented towards the European Union. This is a question that probably should not Future researchers OF. - Fourth, the European Union is currently developing èvršæi profile foreign, security and defense policy and opportunities. Political ball is now rolling, so that the first of these institutions have already been established while others are on the road.
 Russian war in Èeèeniji also demonstrated as a political reaction among EU member states the desire for a joint performance by the EU, rather than by individual national responses. Therefore, it is assumed that the EU would take ubuduæe active foreign and security political profile. As a member of Finland will be an integral part of this process and its outcomes. This includes the situation of tightening relations on the relation of the EU - Russia, and even hostility. Therefore, the current EU processes and their potential consequences for Finland, the third range which requires more detailed study. - Fifth, even though Finland is politically integrated in the EU, it is the military outside of Western society. EU moves toward security and defense cooperation, but more time would not have. NATO is the only organization that offers it. But even though he was Finland approximate core, remained outside for two essential reasons. First, NATO will cost more, despite the reduction of national defense forces.
 Second, entry into the system of collective defense creates a dependency on the military alliance, and thereby increases the pressure for the procurement of weapons and equipment ¾ i NATO Manufacturers, which rarely match the Finnish harsh conditions of exploitation. These are the current trends shaping the European security and political surrounded me. Although there has not been problematiènih of acute conditions, every effort should be usmejeriti to come to them. Continuation of these trends, a possible the problems, despite the best efforts of the Finnish. In this case Finland risks remain alone in the case of any east-west tightening. Politically in the west, but not militarily sensitive and close to the border of the Russian Federation, which alone counts less than 500,000 troops to a potential human force of 55 million. The key issue is the direction in which Russia is going? May you continue to keep Western policies ¾ Avati peaceful relations with Russia, despite the expansion gap between these two worlds? If the answer is yes, to avoid further expansion of NATO.
 On the other hand, the question is whether fundamental differences between Russia and the Western world in the future lead to the strengthening of such magnitude that the tension would break relations occur sooner or later? In any case, for it always has the time, until it is too late. As you are only today and tomorrow you can sign for a referendum on these sites. A whole zkgf&#39;s exposure to the 12 bits of Finland and NATO, you can read here: 1) the Nordic Countries not in NATO-2) Finnish model 3) May a referendum on NATO! 4) Asked the guarantor of security under the auspices of the NATO-5) in practice NATO - Kosovo in 1999. 6) Wrong concept NATO defense 7) price of entry into NATO 8) Finnish Defence Forces 9) The cost of interoperability with NATO, 10) Interoperability per item 11) Finland&#39;s Partnership for Peace
 