The body was in the afternoon arrived in Warsaw. Before the coffin with the remains transferred to the presidential palace, the late President posthumously are loyal to all military honors. Residents of Warsaw mass stopped along the way in which the remains were transported from the airport to the presidential palace. A very touching tribute to Lech Kaczynski at the airport, gdjer was held and a small religious ceremony. Family killed the president, his daughter Martha and his brother Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the highest Polish officials, including Prime Minister Donald Tusk, the interim president Bronislaw Komorowski and President of the European Parliament Jerzy Buzek were welcoming. Although it is still morning announced that the president&#39;s twin brother Jaroslaw&#39;s brother identified the body, and his wife Mary, the new information that has been identified only body Lech Kaczynski. The body of first lady Maria Kaczynski could not be identified, so it is not delivered when the body of her husband, Lech Kaczynski.
 Sick Kaczynski&#39;s mother knows that her son is seriously ill mother killed President Lech Kaczynski did not know that her son was killed, according to the Sunday of the Warsaw military hospital sources. &#39;Because of her health condition, the son of Jaroslaw, the twin brother of the late president did not want her to communicate the news, &quot;said a spokesman for the military hospital. He added that the situation Jadwiga Kaczynski difficult but stable. The 83-year-old woman was admitted to intensive care and hospital in mid-March because of heart problems. Poland Poland united in grief on Sunday, a day after the tragic death in a plane crash president Lech Kaczynski, a large portion of the top members of the Polish military and political officials of many, united in grief, regardless of political affiliation of individuals and parties. Seven days of national mourning began today, at noon the whole country stopped two minutes silence and paid tribute to the dead.
 Buses, trams, the cars have stopped. Advertise the sirens, and on the streets many were in tears. &gt;&gt; Jaroslaw Kaczynski has identified the body of his brother and his wife, his tribute to the Chamber, even though they were his supporters Tens of thousands of Poles gathered tonight at the center of Warsaw, in which the presidential palace, leaving the front of her flowers and burning candles. Many of these journalists said they were supporters of the conservative president, but that nonetheless feel the need to pay him homage. No shopping center on Sundays traditionally attracts the whole family of Poles, still does not work. Flags were at half-staff, not only in public buildings, but also on the windows of buildings housing districts. Today the entire country, where 90 residents identify themselves Catholics, traditionally held the Sunday Mass attended mostly dedicated to victims of disasters. &gt;&gt; Search: Tupolev was in perfect condition &#39;We pray for their homeland.
 We believe that the sacrifice of our brothers and sisters have a purpose, to bring peace and reconciliation of all Poles, &quot;said Cardinal Stanislaw Dziwisz, former personal secretary of Pope John Paul II., During the sermon in Wawelskoj Cathedral in Krakow. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin traveled to Smolensk to personally escorted the body from the local airport. The bodies of other victims were transported to Moscow. Polish media reported that the city government for their family members booked 450 hotel rooms, vehicles and psychological assistance, taking upon himself all the charges. In Lithuania three days of mourning and other countries honor the dead. Lithuania has declared three days of mourning, starting Monday. Russia and Ukraine have declared a day of mourning Monday. Hungarian Prime Minister Gordon Bajnai called on his compatriots at noon to hold a two minute silence in tribute to the victims, and President Laszlo Solyom has personally gone to express condolences to the Polish ambassador in Budapest.
 Several hundred Hungarians have left candles and flowers at the foot of the monument Bemu Jozef, Polish general who is in the revolution 1848th fought on the Hungarian side. Germany has decided that the day of the funeral of the Polish President, who has not yet been determined, the flags on all government buildings lowered to half mast. Czech President Vaclav Klaus has ordered on the Prague castle to the set and the Czech and Polish flags lowered to half mast. Pope Benedict XVI in his address to the faithful from Castel Gandolfo once again expressed profound condolences to the Polish tragedy. &gt;&gt; Found the bodies of all victims and President Kaczynski at the same time, Russian and Polish experts on Sunday started to listen to recordings of both black boxes from the aircraft to determine the causes of the accident, which is now the most suspected pilots presidential Tupoljeva 154M. (Hina)
 