Weblog - business applications in Boston, USA during a conference on the possibilities of application of weblogs as part of business solutions to enterprises, institutions, and other organizations. Denis Howell detailed reports about it on his blog. Attendance of people who are familiar with the weblog phenomenon of the first day. Conduct a dialogue about where blogs have a sense for the application in a company and where it makes no sense. Somehow most resurfaced utility that weblog can have in what is called corporate communications, public relations, relationships with customers, investors, additional marketing channel for the presentation of products and services. And all this in a direct, much more personalized way (for companies just are not used), which requires a certain amount of openness and transparency. I try to imagine how the company reacted in the Croatian environment if someone offered the following: Rabbit out of the company you can call Podravka dd (fell on my mind) Presentation starts: You see, gentlemen in suits IT companies (the barrier must be the first to cross, After the turn egzekutivci) kororativna Your site is nonsense.
 (Shock and disbelief among the audience as exaggerating for attention). 90 percent of the content on it is static-only situation saves dynamic boxes with the latest news from the company in several letters-type &quot;Podravka factory bought canned pickles in Iraq&quot; :-). Your page is invisible and poorly positioned on search engines. But your site is something good: excellent brochures, catalogs and small manual of recipes, information desk for investors, the official point for information that is gained through a media communications. Corporate brochure. Why not take advantage of the maximum and your strengths? How? Bring regularly renewed weblog with content that will be charged unamljeni blogger who will write regularly on the web by category: 1) it will be postponed within the company (personalized view of the company and effectively communicate with the public company that will show up as transparent, open and human - Target public journalists, investors, students, business partners), 2) because you are a food company perform value-added content from your website and put a new recipe a day, anyway you is the slogan &quot;Be creative and cook with us&quot; (By now you occasionally throw recipes, now might a day) in which the visitors were very grateful and you would have an effective marketing position and increasing the loyalty of its customers.
 For example, cook with Podravka blog :-) Such elected selektiranim articles in a weblog within your site www.podravka.hr to get improved communication with their environment and enhance public understanding and interest for the company. In addition to increase your visibility on the Web because your weblog archives generated a lot of referral traffic from search engines. Of course, this should solve a few details about what is allowed to go outside the company, and what does not. It must be determined every company for themselves. It is certain that business-sensitive information should not end up on a corporate blog if you would have brought immediate damage to the company. This is the only principle, and we illustrate how a weblog can improve communication with the company&#39;s environment. Technically-no problem. Today, there are free and inexpensive tool for quickly setting up a weblog site and the company can more dynamic as their very existence on the web.
 If I ask the above stuff does not mean you know the answers to the questions I posed. It does not know how to let the companies in our community responded to such suggestions. You probably would say: &quot;A kaj ti mali invent the wheel? See Well, we on the company&#39;s web site regularly updated stuff. What we weblog?&quot; Ha well, you can not be more bored. I go on to your competitor. Maybe it pleases to implement something that you do not :-)) And regret it sekiraš Rabbit? You even in the pocket out of pocket! Well, yes. I&#39;m going to lunch.
 