Author: Nikola Šajn Posted: 05.11.2010 Obama embarks on a tour that will begin in India, where he hopes to conclude a number of lucrative jobs WASHINGTON - Indian intelligence officers, commandos, police, airforce and navy are even yesterday were in full alert for today&#39;s arrival of U.S. President Barack Obama&#39;s top customer in Mumbai since the terrorist attacks on hotels in the city where two years ago killed 166 people. RELATED NEWS News Obama was headed to Mumbai today and in the next nine days due to visit four Asian countries in the region which it considers crucial for the future of the U.S. economy. Hotel Taj Mahal U.S. president will just stay at the hotel Taj Mahal, which in 2008. was the focus of terrorist attacks. Because of its safety in recent weeks, the city delivered equipment for surveillance and wiretapping, while the water along the coast of Mumbai, from where in 2008.
 landed 10 Pakistani terrorists, to monitor the U.S. warships - but not just 34, announced that the Indian media. The growing middle class in American media to accuse the president leaves behind defeated the Democratic Party and fleeing the country to draw attention to foreign policy, but the White House argues that voters care economy. Obama, accompanied by representatives from more than 200 American companies, which, among other things, expected to lucrative contracts for military and Boeing passenger planes, bombers and gas turbines manufactured by GE; agreement on joint production of hybrid buses for public transport in New Delhi between Indian and U.S. companies Tate, an agreement on a new Indian factory for assembling Harley Davidson. Obama, who called himself &quot;the first president of the Pacific,&quot; America does not hide the economic and political ambitions of Asian countries - primarily China, Japan and India - the region make it one of the most important for the future of the United States.
 U.S. President in particular in mind that these countries, because of the growing middle class hungry for American products, could become an important market for U.S. companies. Otherwise, India has so far been very popular, because Bush has signed a contract with that country on the civilian nuclear energy, and Obama gives money to Pakistan. Enemies and monkeys and coconut Works president of security near the Taj Mahal Hotel in Mumbai will be prohibited from using firecrackers, although they are part of an ancient tradition for the Festival of Lights, which just runs. Museum Gandhi ordered to remove the coconut walnuts from nearby trees so as not to fall during a visit to Obama. During a visit to New Delhi police will protect the president from a possible invasion of the monkeys that are terrorizing the local population: the case of assault commandos will shoot. Number of recommendations: 1 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 