Florida Lime Pie Lime Pie Lime Pie Ingredients: Dough: 175 g of beans or biscuits ginger 2 tablespoons powdered sugar ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon 6 tablespoons melted butter Filling: 3.1 dl 3.4 dl milk or condensed milk ½ dl freshly squeezed lime juice (lemon can and, if no lime) zest of 3 limes 4 large yolks Preparation: Turn oven to 160 º C. Lightly oil the baking dish for pies 23 cm in diameter. Biscuits, sugar and cinnamon blended Crush into pieces and add melted butter and mix the once. Put the dough with your fingers on the bottom and edges of the pan and bake for 5 minutes. Meanwhile, mix milk, juice and zest of lime juice and egg yolks until combined. Pour filling into pastry and bake another 15 minutes. Good chill and serve with whipped cream. Note: The recipe is tried and excellent. Source: The Great American Cookbook, published by Paragon Publishing the 2005 New York cheesecake pie I had long promised my friend, columnist of the blog Around the table, make this cheesecake.
 Suggested to me that while he was in New York, heard that it is best done by a recipe from the Hotel Plaza. I tried to find a recipe just for this hotel, but I eventually decided on a recipe from Coolinarika. Here, I used this recipe: http://www.coolinarika.com/recept/new-york-cheesecake For cheese I chose ABC-cheese, a McVities Digestive biscuits. I hope that Davor be satisfied, although it would be much better to be tried in person. You remember his travel to New York memorable. New York Cheescake serving American Pie (crostata) with cherry crostata Ingredients: Dough: 250 g flour, 175 g margarine, 6 tablespoons water, pinch of salt. Filling: 500 g pitted cherries, 3 tablespoons of density, 6 tablespoons sugar, 1 vanilla sugar, jam, icing sugar, whipped cream (optional) Preparation: Soften butter, add up the flour, water and knead the dough by hand. If necessary, add more flour to get a smooth paste.
 Leave it to rest in the fridge for about an hour. During this time, prepare the filling by mixing cherries, sugar, vanilla sugar and cornstarch. Remove the dough from the fridge, divide it into 2 parts: more than 2 / 3 and less than 1 / 3 of mixture. Most of the roll into a circle and put it into a round mold, so that the edge of the dough raise the site of the mold and let the little crosses over the edge. Koru needle with a fork in several places. Through this smear jam, which is a good warm up prior to easily smear. Cover the second round crust, lower than the first. Connect the edge of the higher and lower crust and tighten them. From above, place the cherry filling. Bake in oven for about 30 min. If desired, sprinkle with icing sugar and garnish with whipped cream. Continue: Slavičín recipe I liked so much that I tried it before posting. I changed it a bit, that I used cherries instead of berries. I barely made a piece on the plate, the more eyes and hands awaited him.
 I managed to add the icing, but I did not photographed. They all said that the cake is excellent. crostata - before baking after baking crostata-on plate muddy Mississippi Mud Pie pie dough: 140 g biscuits graham 80 g coarsely ground walnuts 1 tablespoon sugar ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon 6 tablespoons melted butter Filling: 125 g butter 175 g chocolate 60 g sugar 4 eggs 60 g ground walnuts Preparation: Turn oven to 180 º C. Lightly oil the baking dish for pies 23 cm in diameter. Biscuits, walnuts, sugar and cinnamon blended Crush into pieces and add melted butter and mix the once. Put the dough with your fingers on the bottom and edges of casserole. For stuffing steamed stir margarine, chocolate and sugar until moistened. When cool, add beaten eggs and nuts. Pour filling into pastry and bake another 30 minutes. Chill and serve with whipped cream. (Translated from The Great American Cookbook, Paragon Publishing, 2005)
 