Mario Sepulveda, the second of 33 miners who were from 5 August were detained in the Chilean mine at 700 meters, pulled out alive and well in the area on Wednesday at 6.10, an hour after a fellow Florentine Avalos, and other rescue miners continues. Sepulveda was a very good mood, joking over the audio connection with the rescue and before he came to the area, urging them saying &quot;Go, go, go!&quot;. Izletjevši the tight capsule, immediately hugged his wife and Chilean President Sebastián Piñera, who personally monitored rescue operation, and shook hands with the staff handled the installation for rescuing the miners. Dovikujući with surrounding spectators and waving their hands, to justify the reputation he earned during his detention at the mine as a lively commentary and dynamic personality who moderated the video recordings of life of miners underground. Then, laughing loudly, turned pieces of stones which he brought with him from the bottom of the mine as a souvenir, shouting &quot;Viva Chile&quot;.
 First miner rescued, Florencio Avalos, before the TV cameras that transmit directly rescue operation, first the breasts Privia his seven-year child, then hugged his wife and President of Pinero and the few people who are located around the entrance channel to the rescue. - Our first miner was with us - enthusiastically said President Pinera. - We were assured that they are alive, we will save them ... We said that we will find and we found them. Sad to say that we will take care of their health and it will do - he said Pinero. Florence Family Avalos did not hide her immense joy, but also fears for the brother Florencijevog Renan, who is still in the mine. Probe plant rescue delayed the start of operations for several hours, but finally at 4:20 CET (23:20 local time) the first rescuer went to miners in the capsule that will take them one by one, all should draw on the surface.
 This is a lifesaver, Manuel Gonzalez, to the bottom of the mine and 33-ojice miners arrived 15-minutes later, the miners was greeted with applause and camera, which recorded its arrival. Then, in an underground chamber decorated with the Chilean flag miners gave instructions on how they should behave during their stay in the capsule and Florenci Avalos helped to prepare and take the place of the capsule. I climb capsule passage 622 feet long, which was drilled in just 33 days, last 15-odd minutes, but the preparation for svakiu rides take about an hour to pull each miner. Except by approximately 800-member family, the happy ending to an unseen underground adventures 32 Chilean and one Bolivian miners came to convince himself more than two thousand journalists from all over the world, and in the morning and should arrive bolivijskin President Evo Morales to personally greeted compatriot Carlos Mamanija . It is worthwhile to recall that the Chilean Minister of Mining Laurence Golborne seven days after the collapse of mines likely to find the miners alive are rated &quot;very weak&quot;, but with this assessment are not složille family of miners, who are already the day after the accident came to the mine, where more not move.
 Under their pressure, the emergency services continued the search for the miners until the 22nd August has not returned to the surface probe with a piece of paper on which was written in the now legendary post - &quot;Well, we, all 33, in the shelter.&quot; (H)
 