&quot;Colored&quot;, and French masters and fathers were mostly all of them have given freedom. And by labeling one of the guests, &quot;said Bell, these&quot; colored &quot;were regularly asked for more svjetloputnije spouses in order that their children are completely white exterior, and those who were the obvious mulatto, bribed the officials to issue documents to them which would cost that their ancestors were Indians or Spaniards, just not all Africans. Though it was incredible, and though it is deeply disapproves, Massa Waller said the grant to him the last wills of many whites a number of these &quot;colored&quot; got the property for at least one-fifth of all countries - and its slaves - in Haiti, to holidays were spent in France and educated their children there, just like rich white people, moreover, they despise the poor whites. Hearing this, Bella&#39;s audience is so much to cheer Massino offended. - He laughed more at another side of his mouth - fall Fiddler - when you hear what I hear from a white massa to dance elegantly to the company where I recently play! He said that the masse satisfied nods discussing how poor whites to Haiti so hate those bright mulatto and a white coffee, they signed petitions until France finally is enacted laws that &quot;stained&quot; forbidden to go out at night, to the churches sitting with whites, and even to wear clothing from the same cloth.
 In the meantime, he said Fiddler, and whites and &quot;colored&quot; iskaljivahu their mutual bitterness of the Haitian half a million black slaves. Kunta told that the city listened to the conversation between the whites as they laughed, and had heard so that the Haitian slaves were suffering more than here. And he said that he heard that there were common punishments to blacks beaten to death or to bury them alive, and often pregnant black women in the work force until they abort. They are not told that he has heard of yet neco-vječnija atrocities, because he thought it would not serve another purpose except to intimidate them, so for example a Negro nails prikucali hands against the wall until he was forced to eat their ears as He cut them; tuobabovska wife gave snip language all their slaves, while the other zapušila mouth black boy until he died of starvation. In terms of such horrific stories in the past nine to ten months Kunta was not surprised when on a ride into town in summer the 1791st
 learned that a black Haitian slaves rose wild, bloody revolt. Thousands of them nadiralo, they killed and beat the whites, odrubljivalo their heads, children fished the womb, raped women and burned buildings on the plantation as long as northern Haiti are not covered smoky ruins. Terrified white people, who managed to escape, he began to struggle for life and return strokes torturing and killing all the blacks who would be caught and, moreover, derući 10 of them with skin. However, the handful of survivors were becoming constantly before the black uprising that spread to the wild, so in late August, the few remaining one thousand white people were in shelters or trying to escape from the island. Kunta said he had never seen tuobabe districts Spot-svlvania so angry and scared. - I said that, they are more afraid of-but when was the last revolt in Virginia ovdi - Fiddler said. - It is a two to three years after your arrival, but still you do not talk with anyone, so I thought, you do not know.
 Whether in New Wales, Hanover district, during one Christmas. Nazornik cast on a young country Niger and Niger to jump to foot and with an ax to rush him. But the misses and the rest niger rush to nazornik and so start it beating the first niger intervene and save his life. Nazornik all the blood run for help, when angry Tues niger keep Jošt two white and they connected. When they beat their dojuri velko bunch of white with a rifle. Niger is prone to the barn, and white with sweet words they try to coax. But niger fought with staves of the barrels and poles and finishes it so: two niger was shot to death and injured many niger and white. They set up armed patrols and bring some new laws and so on until you calm down. The thing in Haiti learn Caucasian mind, jerba they know just as well like me, a whole bunch of niger njiov the nose should be just the right spark to this moment of rebellion, and when it does start to spread, that gospodne, ovdi in Virginia who wakes up the same to Haiti.
 It was clear that the fiddler loving this idea. Kunta soon saw how white people are afraid for themselves: whenever he drove to the cities, or near the shop at the crossroads inn, the building of the choir or in any other place where they would gather in small groups of anxious, his face would pocrvenjela and frowned up whenever he passed near them, or any other black man. What is more, and massa who rarely spoke with Kunt except to tell him where to want to drive, and spoke these few words noticeably colder and odsječnije. For a week the guard district Spotsvlvania patrolled the roads and all blacks who have passed asking for a destination, examined their travel permits, beaten and imprisoned, each of whom would be considered to behave - or even to act - suspicious. Masse from the area fired on 11svom annual meeting of the great harvest party of slaves, who soon approached, and all other black rallies outside their associated plantations.
 Moreover, the dances and the prayers of slave plantation in the lane, he had to attend master or other whites. - When it says to me, massa, I tell him, me, Aunt Sukey and seka Mandy kneel together and pray to Jesus every Sunday, and when the chance, but he does not say anything on control us so that we continue to pray! - Bell said other members of the slave lanes.
 