by Muammer &quot;18 Apr 2010 20:28 Photo: AP Ahmadinejad&quot; Iran is so powerful that it can not attack anyone, &quot;Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that Iran&#39;s military today is so powerful that no one dares to attack the country. Speech by Iranian president during a military parade marking the National Day military directly in the Sunday televised. Ahmadinejad said that &quot;our armed forces so powerful that no enemy will occur to provide the paw of Iranian territory.&quot; On parade were presented Iranian surface-to-surface missile Ghadr, Sajjil the Shahab 3, which with a range of 2,000 kilometers can reach Israel and U.S. military bases in the Persian Gulf. Ahmadinejad also urged the U.S. to stop supporting Israel and withdraw its forces from the Middle East and Afghanistan. &quot;There is no need for foreign forces in the region and they should return home and allow the region&#39;s countries themselves care for themselves,&quot; said Ahmadinejad.
 &quot;They have to leave the region, but it is not a request command and the desires of regional countries,&quot; he added. Ahmadinejad stressed that apart from &quot;the Zionist regime (Israel), Iran all the other countries considered&quot; friends and brothers &quot;with whom she wishes a peaceful coexistence. But he warned that Iran would use all military means in case of any attack, was transferred Hina. (AP) I musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Muammer &quot;18 Apr 2010 20:50 May Allah that it is mighty Iran states that each oduprije country because Iran is a beautiful country and it is an old civilization and culture so that it would be a shame that someone is damaged by bombs that threaten her by Amerike.Ahmedinejad is well told and he was one hundred percent sure that Iran can not master the one and Iran is the great enemy of Zionism, so that if Israel can have nukes why Iran can not have a nuclear program on the production of electricity? But there remains my word that the nuclear program and ultimately does not matter but it is important to state that Iran&#39;s constitution is based on the Islamic revolution.
 I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Muammer &quot;18 Apr 2010 22:16 Gates admitted powerlessness U.S. against the Iranian nuclear armament U.S. Secretary of Defense confidential memo warned the White House U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates has warned the White House, in a confidential three-page memorandum, the U.S. has no effective long-term policy for zaustavljenje constant progress of Iran toward nuclear weapons, reported in The Sunday New York Times, citing the government&#39;s Officials familiar with the document transfer agencies. Several officials said it was strictly confidential analysis, written in January for the president&#39;s national security adviser Gen. James Jones, a part of intensive efforts within the Pentagon, the White House and intelligence agencies to develop new options for president Barack Obama.
 They include a series of military alternatives, which have been elaborated, which would be discussed in the event that diplomacy and sanctions fail to force Iran to change course, says NY Times. Officials familiar with the contents of the memorandum were willing to describe only the parts that deal with strategy and policy, not the parts that are obviously engaged in covert operations against Iran, or access to American allies in the Persian Gulf. One senior official, who like others spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the memorandum, described the document as a &quot;wake-up call&quot;. In the memorandum, Gates outlined a number of concerns, including the absence of an effective strategy if Tehran chooses the direction that many analysts think likely - that Iran could obtain all the main parts for nuclear weapons - fuel, the formal solution of arms and detonators, but stop before the assembly of a fully operational weapons.
  By Gates continually begs the question whether Iran will become nuclear force at the beginning of what this creates a contradiction to what Iran says it will not go away to produce nuclear rouzje that nuclear power was even mentioned, and the religious laws that Islam is haram to produce nuclear oruzje.Znaci there is room for agreement and compromise to avoid war in Iran. Only it is essential that Iran has a last line of the red line that would be willing to go to war if someone would threaten the Islamic Revolution in Iran. I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Sajo Sarajlija »19 Apr 2010 19:04 Let them stand on the tail of Israel, and will see how powerful. There is only one way - Siratul-mustek Today on earth there are three kinds of people: Disbelievers, Ahl as-Sunnah and the Muslims munafici. Munafici say they are Muslims.
 However, their iman and worships have no means certain similarities with the Ahl as-Sunnah. Sajo Sarajlija Hero Member Posts: 1511 Joined: 15 Jan 2007 23:33 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Muammer &quot;19 Apr 2010 19:21 the only thing Israel can do against Iran is to activate nuclear bombs against Iran and thus to fight without nuclear weapons, Israel has no chance to pass, because Iran is jaci.Iran possesses missiles that can throw up to Israel and it is openly said by Iran that nobody moze.Da add nothing except Allah . I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Haqqani &quot;19 Apr 2010 19:48 For years, barks and never bites to ... http://navrelumudrosti.com/ Haqqani Newbie Posts: 15 Joined: 13 Apr 2010 07:02 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Muammer &quot;19 Apr 2010 20:33 Haqqani wrote: For years, barking and never to being bitten ...
 To whom do you think Haqqani? I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Haqqani &quot;19 Apr 2010 22:35 Muammer wrote: Haqqani wrote: For years, it barks and never bites ... To whom do you think Haqqani? On Ahmadinejad. http://navrelumudrosti.com/ Haqqani Newbie Posts: 15 Joined: 13 Apr 2010 07:02 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Muammer &quot;19 Apr 2010 22:56 The truth is maybe a little prepotetno Ahmedinejad said but these statements are in accordance with the mentality of Iran so that these talks with the Iranians, leaving a feeling of security and snage.Meni like the most Ayatollah Hamenei which is a good man and the patient and his statements are very smart and sustinske.Meni seems to Iran must find a way to avoid war and to keep the Iran war, so I think that these statements Ahmedinejad slogans and giving the motivation for the military and the nation.
  I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Haqqani &quot;20 Apr 2010 12:46 to Iran until 2015. year might be able to make a rocket that could strike U.S. territories, according to a just released report of the U.S. Department of Defense addressed to Congress. &quot;With enough help from abroad, Iran would likely until 2015. Was able to develop and test intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the United States,&quot; reads the document from which it declassified, and that Reuters had an insight. Congress has sent the confidential version, the agency said. &quot;Iran&#39;s nuclear program and its intention to hold open the possibility of developing nuclear weapons is a central part of its strategy of deterrence,&quot; the report said. Reuters says that means it is not clear whether these estimates to give up on the previous May 2009.
 when the intelligence indicated that Iran is unlikely to come into possession of long-range missiles before the period 2015th-2020th Officials who had seen the report said that these estimates are revised in relation to earlier, by which it was thought that this would be the period between the 2012th and 2015. year. Congressman Ike Skelton, chairman of the Armed Forces of the House of Representatives, said the report provides a comprehensive overview of the military situation in Iran. http://navrelumudrosti.com/ Haqqani Newbie Posts: 15 Joined: 13 Apr 2010 07:02 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Suad &quot;20 Apr 2010 13:01 Haqqani wrote: Iran would 2015. year might be able to make a rocket that could strike U.S. territories, according to a just released report of the U.S. Department of Defense addressed to Congress. &quot;With enough help from abroad, Iran would likely until 2015. Was able to develop and test intercontinental ballistic missile capable of reaching the United States,&quot; reads the document from which it declassified, and that Reuters had an insight.
 Congress has sent the confidential version, the agency said. &quot;Iran&#39;s nuclear program and its intention to hold open the possibility of developing nuclear weapons is a central part of its strategy of deterrence,&quot; the report said. Reuters says that means it is not clear whether these estimates to give up on the previous May 2009. when the intelligence indicated that Iran is unlikely to come into possession of long-range missiles before the period 2015th-2020th Officials who had seen the report said that these estimates are revised in relation to earlier, by which it was thought that this would be the period between the 2012th and 2015. year. Congressman Ike Skelton, chairman of the Armed Forces of the House of Representatives, said the report provides a comprehensive overview of the military situation in Iran. Just try not to over their backs, if they have a rocket car that is right will not wallow Joking aside, but American paranoia has no limits it seems, if they decide to attack Iran will attack it, and without this assessment no matter how they sounded.
 Get serious! Suad Administrator Posts: 3622 Joined: 28 Dec 2006 04:12 Location: Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Muammer &quot;20 Apr 2010 15:43 America will be able to attack Iran only with air planes so that the infantry America will break your teeth and will not be able to clashes with the Iranian army is stronger than the Taliban army and plus in Iran is a relief carved and has a lot of ravines where the army can hide and make traps. I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Top Post a reply 62 posts • Page 1 of 5 • 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Return to Who is online Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 0 guests
 