In this paragraph do not agree to Westminster and Archbishop Vincent Nichols, Archbishop Christoph Schonborn beek, but the public is somewhat divided. - To find the causes of pedophilia among the priesthood, must be reviewed and the problem of celibacy - beek said Archbishop Christoph Schonborn. I aroused shock over the believer and the Church. Following recent media reports about pedophilia in the ranks of the Church, and the data came out in Croatia, where they recorded two such case. Pastor sentenced to Rab due bludnièenja of boys, and another priest for abuse girl received only a suspended sentence. He is known for the shock that caused the detection of abuse in Ireland, but also a reaction to the words of Dublin&#39;s Cardinal Sean Brady who is faithful obratip with words of apology which gave išèitati that he knew about it, but did not act in accordance with the principle. Irish, the letter addressed to Pope Benedict XVI is the first such document in history that a Pope addressed the faithful in connection with the shocking facts about pedophilia within the church ranks.
 Hundreds of abused, Ireland, Germany ... Is all blame celibacy? Celibacy is a norm priesthood Catholic Church introduced by Pope Gregory the seventh in the 11 century and to this day remains the subject of much criticism. However, many policies do not hold. Are known even in cases of Croatia, now former, the priests who have left the ranks of the Church in order to be lawful husbands and fathers to acknowledge their children, zaèetoj at the time of their service. However, many also never left the Church and for their children cared for in secret. Somewhat secret. However, in such cases there is no question of violation of law and the sons of zlostavljaèkim. To find the causes of pedophilia among the priesthood, must be reviewed and the issue of celibacy beek Archbishop Christoph Schonborn Many experts believe the connection between celibacy and pedophilia there. However, condemning the cover-up. For example, in Ireland the word about the 70 years of systematic abuse.
 In the U.S., says the Archdiocese of bankruptcies, which have found themselves in this situation due to payments for covering up. Most cases are dealt with pedophilia by priests in the poremeæenim mind, simply move to another parish. However, there are no statistics fortified connection between pedophilia and celibacy, said the week before Roman Catholic Archbishop of Westminster, champion of the church in England&#39;s expected ahead of the pastoral letter by Pope Benedict XVI sent the Irish faithful. Monsignor Vincent Nichols, Archbishop of Westminster and Wales, told the BBC that although the scandalous, the case of pedophilia are not more often among the priesthood than in the rest of society. &#39;&#39;There is no statistical correlation between pedophilia and celibacy in the life&#39;&#39;- Large majority of cases of pedophilia taking place within a family where people are celibate - said the president of the Bishops&#39; Conference of England and Wales. Alfons Mandorfer Photo Stift-kremsmuenster.at - There is no statistical correlation between pedophilia and celibacy in life - he added.
 The Archbishop believes that to create a false impression of a very widespread phenomenon of pedophilia among the priesthood because they are cases in the last 40 years that have been disclosed recently. - The level of sexual abuse in the church is lower than in the rest of society. What is scandalous in the church has lost confidence level - he added. But just a month after the Vatican condemned the abuse of children in Ireland, and the Pope addressed the Irish faithful, yet equally bombastièan title erupted in the media worldwide. Namely, Vatican officials, including Pope Benedict XVI refused to punish the priest Lawrence C. Murphy who was sexually abused more than 200 deaf boys. Prescribing penalties rejected the U.S. bishops, although they repeatedly asked for the fine and warned about the flaw. Pope Benedict XVI held the most important to protect the church from the outbreak of scandals in the U.S. public&#39;s leading bishops of the Catholic Church sent people warnings that indifference to the abuse could have caused embarrassment to the Church.
 All this is stated in the newly discovered documents that will serve as part of lawsuits against the church in cases of abuse. Great majority of cases of pedophilia taking place within a family where people are not celibate, Monsignor Vincent Nichols It has been reported that internal correspondence between the bishops of the State of Wisconsin, and Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger reveals that the priests insisted that the abuse must be punished, but because ye Pope believed that the most important protect the church from the outbreak of the scandal in public. Document of indifference to the abuse he saw a light at the very moment when the Pope is fighting numerous charges that he and his direct subordinates repeatedly refused to sign the civil authorities and police, cases of abuse in Germany where Pope served as Archbishop. The case of the priest is just one of thousands of cases that are about the abuse of minors by church officials reported the names of the office of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith at the Vatican, which since 1981.
 until 2005. was led by Cardinal Ratzinger. It remains one of the domains that the office of deciding on the punishment zlostavljaèa and the delivery of cases to a canonical trial. Is the Catholic Church is under greater poveæalom or celibacy really causes stronger expression of sexual disturbance? Photo Public Domain According to the report published in late November, officials from the Archdiocese of Dublin, in Ireland, most importantly, conceal the sexual abuse that the priests in this region spent over hundreds of children over several decades. Is the Catholic Church is under greater poveæalom or celibacy really causes stronger expression of sexual disturbance with which someone is born, a question that will perhaps forever remain unclear. Partly due to the fact that this is almost impossible as no doubt conclude that stronger evidence to back up the opinions of psychologists, however, partly due to closure of the Church in their ranks came to znaèajnijih investigation, let alone those provoðenih from someone &#39;outside&#39;.
 Layer by layer, they&#39;ll just be more data raotkrivati, which will be the ultimate score of investigations once the ball began to consider the religious pedophilia can not even guess. Only fear.
 