18/03/2010 There is an ongoing plan for the construction and rehabilitation of nearly 30 buildings. Goran Trajkov for Southeast European Times in Skopje - 18/03/10 The project involves the construction and rehabilitation of 30 buildings in downtown Skopje. [Tomislav Georgiev / SETimes] major renovation capital of Macedonia is conducted according to the plan after the government last month unveiled videoprezentaciju with details of changes. The aim is to improve the attractiveness and administrative functionality of Skopje. Ministry of Culture and Skopje municipalities Center are responsible for implementing the project &quot;Skopje 2014&quot;. It includes the construction and rehabilitation of 30 buildings in downtown Skopje. The project also provided a number of monuments - including a statue of Alexander the Great, which will be placed on top of new fountains in the central square of Macedonia - by year&#39;s end. The mayor of the municipality center Vladimir Todorović explained that the project envisages Skopje as &quot;an architectural and urban complex which will give the city an artistic expression.&quot;
 The famous architect Biljana Sekova SETimes said that the project is very ambitious and Skopje brings much-needed architectural and artistic content. &quot;It is a blend of ancient and baroque style, plus the old city of Skopje,&quot; she said. Statue of Roman Emperor Justinian I, whose place of birth may be located near the present site of Skopje, and the medieval emperor Samuil will be made of marble. Other monuments, including the European and Slavic saints Apostles St. Cyril and Methodius, will be made in bronze. Construction of two new pedestrian bridges over the river Vardar, around the bridge, named after its characteristic circle in the middle, and uniquely shaped bridge art, has already begun. The project also involves adding another floor and setting up the vault and the dome of the parliament building. Monument of Nikola Karev, Krushevo president of the republic from 1903. that was short-lived, will be placed in front of the building.
 Beside him will be in the new vault will serve as the entrance to the Square Pella, another square in the center of Skopje. Papers on new facades and buildings along the Vardar river - the Constitutional Court, the Archaeological Museum and the Financial Police headquarters - also is nearing its end. New buildings Ministry of Foreign Affairs and National Archives, along with other government agencies, in the initial stages of construction. Similar articles Loading Though it is well accepted by most people, &quot;Skopje 2014&quot; sparked a debate between the government and the opposition Social Democrats. The party argues that the colossal project, and will cost 200 million euros, at a time of economic crisis. However, the mayor of Skopje Koca Trajanovski says the projected costs amount to 80 million euros. The money will be taken from several of the annual state budget and local budgets from Skopje and the Centre and by private investors. Several NGOs affiliated with the opposition tried to organize public protests, arguing that these funds be better spent on fighting poverty.
 All are entitled to their opinion, said Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski, but stresses that new buildings will ultimately save money due to reduced rental costs, which some agencies have to pay. It also points to create jobs in construction and promises to continue to build across the country. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 