In a provocative new measure intended to tears Palestinian horizons and strengthen Israel&#39;s grip on the occupied Palestinian territories, Israel has issued new military rules and orders which will allow the Israeli occupation army to deport thousands of Palestinians from their homes and places of residence in the West Bank. New orders define the &quot;element inserted&quot; or nepalestinca every Palestinian who lives in the West Bank, but Israel does not carry the issued and obtained an identification card, or a special permit obtained by the Israeli occupying army. In this way, even a Palestinian who was born in the West Bank and has lived here all my life, but Israel does not possess the documents, will be highlighted and seen as &quot;inserted element&quot; that can instantly be deported. Moreover, under the new rules, those who violate this order may face immediate ejection, and the closure of seven years in prison.
 The reports on these new rules in the Israeli newspaper pointed out that Israel will be able in this way deport thousands of Palestinians. However, no mention of the possible destinations of those who would be deported. In the past, Israel has deported many Palestinians in Jordan and Lebanon. However, conditions have become more difficult for Israel to do so again, because of the Israeli-Jordanian peace agreement and the delicate situation in the Israeli-Lebanese border, particularly since the war 2006th year between Israel and Hezbullaha. This military order will be applied primarily to the residents of Gaza who have stayed in the West Bank. It also aims at Palestinian returnees, of which many have married local women, who have returned to the occupied territory following the Oslo agreement and the establishment of the Palestinian Authority (PA). In addition to this, this rule can apply to foreign peace activists who arrived on the West Bank to track and monitor Israeli violations of international law and to encourage non-violent resistance against Israeli occupation.
 Until now, Israeli government dužnosnisi not commented on the new rules, nor even confirm or deny their existence. This silence, as observers note, can be designed to test the Palestinians, Arab and international reaction before they formally accept and implement these draconian measures on the ground. As might be assumed strict new rules were fiercely condemned by Palestinian and Arab officials, as well as international human rights groups. Hamas, the Palestinian group Islamic Resistance Movement, has called this measure &quot;the continuation of systematic ethnic cleansing of our people, which began in 1948. In&quot;. &quot;At a time when Jews mark the memory of the German Holocaust, Israel carried out a silent holocaust of the Palestinian people,&quot; said a spokesman for Hamas in the West Bank, who did not want his identity known, apparently for fear that he might be arrested or by Israeli occupying forces or by the Palestinian Authority regime.
 And Hamas and Fatah are urged to resist these measures, saying that the deportation of Palestinians from their ancestral homeland is a continuation of ethnic cleansing. Salam Fayyad, prime minister in the government of the Palestinian Authority, supported by the West, said the new rules violate international law and decision of the UN Security Council which condemned the forced deportation: &quot;It is clear that with these measures, Israel is trying to deepen its occupation of the West coast and to allow more abductions of Israeli land. &quot; An official PA Saeb Ereikat mark this Israeli move &quot;as an attack on ordinary Palestinians, and the most basic violation of human rights, the Palestinians are turned into criminals in their own homes.&quot; Mahmoud Abbas, president and silent, until now, has not advertised, most likely intending to submit this issue to the international community through diplomatic channels. Obama administration and the EU failed to react to this new Israeli provocations in the West Bank.
 Jordanian government spokesman said that Israel Jordan ubjeđivao that these new measures will be applied. But there was no confirmation of this statement by Israel or PA officials. Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa also condemned the new Israeli measures, saying that &quot;it is difficult to establish peace in the region with such Israeli behavior. We reject these measures and will seek from the international community to bear responsibility.&quot; He said that the Arab League meeting to discuss further measures. Last month the Arab League held a meeting in Sirte, Libya, where the focus was on the Palestinian issue and the Israeli provocations, including judaizaciju east Jerusalem and the continuation of building and expanding Jewish settlements. However, the outcome of this meeting is widely seen as unproductive and ineffective, because a large number pristunih U.S. regional allies pushed for a mild resolution that will allow the continuation of the &quot;peace process&quot; under U.S. auspices and supervision.
 These intensified Israeli measures, which in the words of peace activists mean to declare war on Palestinian demography, have also dropped by 10 Israeli civil and human rights groups that have urged the Minister of Defense Ehud Barak not to implement new measures and policies into action. The groups were told that these military orders in question because they represent a threat to all inhabitants of the West Bank and puts them at potential risk. Group&#39;s claim that military instruction does not define what those permissions are needed to protect you from deportation. New threatening the possibility of ethnic cleansing of Palestinians in the West Bank to coincide with commemorations marking the anniversary holukausta in Israel, the regular annual ritual with the intent to extort the world&#39;s sympathy and to distract from the Israeli crimes against Palestinians, such as last year&#39;s savage attack on Gaza. Some Israeli critics have compared the Israeli approach toward the Palestinians, including a policy of deportation, the infamous Nazi policy of &quot;Lebensraum,&quot; a doctrine that prevailed in Germany in the twentieth
 century, and which has taught the country to seek new land to expand, especially to the east. Lebensraum became the main motivation for the German aggression after the 1937th year. Israel has increasingly looks to the West Bank by the Israeli army occupied the 1967th year, as in Eretz Yisrael (Land of Israel). Sometimes the same term applies to Jordan by some Israeli politicians called &quot;the eastern country of Israel.&quot; Writes Khaled Amayreh Source: Uruk.net Add this article to your favorite online community Read comments [0 replies] There are no comments Comment Loginuj to answer
 