15.09.2010. / 11:50 Author: Mark Biočina Croatia became inferior to even the ideas of the communist dictator, however, is not all that bad. So far still no significant layoffs in the public sector has not announced North Korea, &quot;The State can not and should not be financed by an unsustainable situation and inflated wages in enterprises, institutions and services in the public sector, because this practice does irreparable damage to the economy. After a reduced number of workers Public sector job opportunities will be increased development of the real economy, private enterprises and cooperatives, and in this way during the next year the economy will be committing the hundreds of thousands of jobs. &quot; This statement, announcement or fifth cycle of layoffs of employees in the public sector of a country, unfortunately, all those reading this not issued by the Minister of Finances Croatian Ivan Suker. Its authors are not, as might be expected, some heads of state of developed European countries, even the leaders brzorastućiih Asian countries, but 84-year-old leader of one of the few remaining communist dictatorships in the world, named Fidel Castro.
 Cuba is in fact two days ago announced that it intends to lay off a fifth of its 5 million people employed in state institutions, public enterprises and other parts of the public sector. It is a huge political turning point for Cuba. Over the past 50 years the economy of the state, under Castro&#39;s leadership, based on an unsustainable model of state planned economy in which private property was virtually non-existent. Castro opipavao pulse of the nation through interviews Photomontage: CheesTakva Economic Policy rezultuirala the situation that 85 percent of Cuba&#39;s active labor force employed in the public sector, a consistently low level of development and widespread poverty. Now it will be at least partly change, a cycle of layoffs, according to the news from Cuba, should be monitored and the cycle of privatization of activities that were previously under state control. For example, is expected to barbershops and hair salons to be first in line for letting private owners, and should be much easier and regulations to allow Cubans to make a lot easier and increasingly run private businesses.
 Zanimljvo, major economic changes in Cuba occur immediately after the interview with American journalist Jeff Goldberg Castro, who for three years in practice does not appear in public because of serious illness, said the Cuban economic model no longer works. Official Cuban institutions were later denied that Castro has said such a thing and declared the case a misunderstanding. However, given the highly respected and award-winning journalist, it is hard to believe that would make such a mistake, so it is likely that it was a sort of trial balloon that Castro wanted to see the reactions of local and international public. However, for us here this news would be quite irrelevant, and when we would not be tortured similar economic troubles. Large and inefficient public sector and in Croatia, large and inefficient public sector is a major obstacle to economic development, but unlike Cuba, here there are no indications that any reform in this sense occur, although it is precisely this model that has a wide range of successful country such as Germany and Great Britain to emerge from recession.
 Indeed, while Finance Minister Ivan Suker constantly repeated like a parrot to reduce the number of employees in the public sector in Croatia at this moment is not possible, and Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor which promises to be the last breath to fight for the wages of public and state employees, one must ask Is it normal that this country is run by people who understand the basic principles of modern economics inferior to even an aging Communist dictator. However, not all that bad. So far still no significant layoffs in the public sector has not announced North Korea.
 