Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, for an official visit to the United States, harshly criticized the Israeli attack on ships off the charity Help for Gaza, and the unwillingness of governments to condemn Obama&#39;s attack that killed at least nine civilians. Israeli special forces boarded the night to Monday morning at six vessels with 600 propalestinskih activists and 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid, which has sought to break the naval blockade of the Gaza Strip, and have fallen victim to the Turkish ship &#39;Mavi Marmara&#39;, who led the convoy. &#39;Psychologically, this is an attack on Turkey as 11 attacks September 2001. &quot; the United States, said Davutoglu told reporters in Washington before going to the State Department for a meeting with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, U.S. media as saying. Davutoglu showed reporters a map that shows the attack took place 72 nautical miles off the Israeli coast, away from the boundary of territorial waters to 12 miles from the coast.
 He said that &quot;the Israelis believe they are above all laws&#39;, but that would be Turkey and the international community to invoke responsibility. Actions of the Israeli government compared with the &#39;pirates in Somali coast&#39;, and subjected to ridicule the Israeli allegations that some of the fleet were associated with Al-Qaeda. &#39;Al-Qaeda infiltrated Europarlament? MEPs were on board, said the Turkish minister said, adding he was unaware that the &#39;Al-Qaeda infiltrated the Europarlament&#39;. Davutoglu had previously scheduled meeting with Clinton to discuss the Iranian nuclear program, but said that on Monday turned his plane in New York since he heard about the attack in order to join the discussion at the United Nations. He said he was depressed as the UN Security Council and took 11 hours, late into the night, to reach agreement on a presidential statement, mainly due to the efforts of the United States to soften Israel and condemnation of any direct call for an international investigation.
 Ban Ki-moon should order an international investigation, says Turkish Minister (Photo: Archive / Reuters) stressed that Turkey believes that UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon statement provides sufficient authority to order an international investigation into the incident. Since the incident occurred in international waters, Israel has no right to declare that it will conduct its own investigation, he added. &#39;We will not keep quiet about it. We expect the U.S. to show solidarity with us. I&#39;m not very happy with yesterday&#39;s statements by the United States, &quot;he said. White House and State Department on Monday expressed regret for the victims, stated that they collect additional data about the incident and said he expected that Israel will conduct a full and credible investigation. Davutoglu said that Israel and Turkey have long been a close relationship and that he would meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu on Tuesday to discuss restarting indirect peace talks with Syria, but Netanyahu canceled a visit to Washington and returned to Israel because of the crisis.
 In order to overcome the crisis in relations between Ankara and Jerusalem, Israel must be &quot;clearly and formally apologize to &#39;accept an independent investigation, immediately release all passengers from the ships, to return the bodies of dead and lift the blockade of Gaza, said Davutoglu. He said that Turkey would, otherwise, to seek further action on the UN Security Council and whose non-permanent member. Davutoglu was announced that Turkey would seek a discussion within NATO, because the &quot;citizens of NATO countries invaded a country that is not a NATO member.&quot; Israel released activists retained after the attacks on humanitarian convoys, Israel began to release and deport propalestinske activists who was arrested in the attack on six ships with humanitarian aid for Gaza Strip, as they are identified by Israeli authorities, agencies report. In late Tuesday afternoon, some fifty activists were transported to Ben Gurion airport near Tel Aviv, said Foreign Ministry spokesman, and the remaining 610 who did not want to identify, were kept in custody in southern Israel, reports the agency dpa.
 Fifty activists was transported to the airport Ben Gurion (Photo: AP) The Israeli Interior Minister Yizhak Aharonovich warned that Israel will &#39;within the limits of the law prosecute anyone who is taken up arms at Israeli soldiers. &quot; He said that judicial authorities have already begun to examine witnesses and to have already identified some of which were said to be violent. &gt;&gt; VIDEO: The broader protests, Turkey called out Israel for terrorism, identity and nationality of nine activists who have lost their lives in conflict with Israeli soldiers on Monday at dawn on the largest ship in the flotilla were not disclosed. A spokesman for the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs says that the identification of deaths is difficult, because the surviving activists do not want to cooperate with Israel. Due to the lack of identification is difficult to determine the nationality of the victims, he said. Reporters Without Borders asked for a list of arrests of journalists NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen urged Israel to &quot;immediately&quot; free ships and civilians held by the military attacks on international ships on their way to Gaza on Monday, according to a statement reported by Agence France Presse.
 &quot;I join the call of the UN and the European Union for rapid, unbiased, credible and clear investigation of the incident&quot; that killed at least nine people, &quot;Rasmussen said after an extraordinary meeting of NATO ambassadors in Brussels, held at the request of Turkey. &gt;&gt; Erdogan: Israel has committed a bloody massacre and should correspond to &quot;Above all, seek the immediate release of civilians and the ships held by Israel,&quot; he added. Paris and Rome have called for the release of detained civilians, including nine French and six Italians and Ireland condemned the &quot;unacceptable&quot; the arrest of seven of its citizens. The organization Reporters Without Borders (RSF) has asked Israeli authorities to hand over its list of journalists arrested in the attack on the ships, to liberate them and media professionals to provide free access to Gaza. (Hina)
 