Author: Morning Gazette Published: 19.07.2010 The attack on soccer fans in Uganda, Shabab is a terror organization that has shone only locally, in Somalia KAMPALA - Uganda Police believed that he knew what they looked like two men who are believed to be about two weeks carried out two simultaneous suicide attacks on the fans who watched the World Cup finals, which killed 76 people. RELATED NEWS news this weekend and released photofit prepared on the basis of facial reconstruction of the two bodies were found at the site of two explosions in the restaurant and café in Kampala, which &quot;remained unidentified and no one came to pick them up.&quot; - After the public disclosure of these photographs, we believe that someone somewhere could identify one or both of them. Our investigation of these terrible events progress, a publication of these photos is another step forward in finding those responsible for the deaths and wounding of so many innocent victims - said the police chief Kale Kayihura.
 Police found a suicide belt with explosives and detonator in a black bag for a laptop in a discotheque and now believed to have been planned for three simultaneous attacks. And without that it is the deadliest attacks in East Africa since 1998., When Islamist militants attacked the U.S. embassies in Nairobi and Dar el Salaam. This time, the responsibility assumed by Somali Shabab organization, which is believed to be in this way wants to occupy a significant place in the hierarchy of Islamist terrorist organizations. So far, focused on the fight against the transitional Somali government and those who support it, not against the West. Shabab is reported that the attacks were revenge for the presence of about 3000 Ugandan troops to African Union forces deployed in Somalia to support the weak transitional government somalskoj, after Ethiopian troops 2006th remove from power the Islamic Courts Union. This alliance broke up into smaller groups, and one of them is the Shabab, which is believed to control large parts of the south and center of the country, as part of the capital Mogadishu, and that on their territory imposed strict sharia law.
 But as has so far been a group that was active locally, because of the synchronized nature of the attack, typical of al-Qaeda, U.S. officials argue that it is now Shabab, or received by cell, and the terrorist network and its branches in East Africa, or in least inspired. How The New York Times, analysts say Sababa appearance on the world stage corresponds to the phenomenon already seen that local militant groups are becoming stronger and manage to perform more sophisticated operations, and to further and further away from its seat. - What happened in Kampala is only the beginning - he was the leader of Shabab Mohamed Abdi Godan in a message broadcast on several radio stations in Mogadishu last week. The organization also announced the new attacks, among other things, in Burundi, which also has troops in Somalia, they are around 2500 - Al-Shabab becomes one of the archetypal terrorist groups 21st century.
 Ten years ago nobody had heard of them. These are not groups that then have the ability to operate across borders - told the New York Times Bruce Hoffman of the University of Georgetown. Bomb attacks, U.S. experts believe, clearly indicate that East Africa is now a new hideout of Islamist militants. Police in Uganda said that in connection with the attacks have arrested 20 people, including several Pakistanis. Connection with one of them Shabab mentioned in an e-mail a spokesman for the group. Number of recommendations: 1 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 