However, Haiti ¹ s more than 50 years is not recorded on ¾ of patients with cholera, in spite of poor households in which ¹ ¾ ¹ population lives its Board. Therefore, the reason is the need to respond at once from where cholera in Haiti, when the acute infectious disease man (antroponoze) for decades, there has not been a chronic klicono ¹ Society for cholera there? From where you are now in Haiti, Vibrio cholera and El Tor serotype O1za which is known to be areas of southwest Asia? How is Vibrio cholera reached the Caribbean island thousands of miles away and now all of a sudden? It is known that the intestinal infection in principle ¹ iri man, the patient or klicono ¹ A. Extremely rarely may be transmitted through food. Transfer may be wastewater, sewage or ballast water from a boat, but then the emergence of new diseases in people infected ¾ particular areas, first with those who you live along the coast and feed on raw ¹ shells. But here is the appearance of the first patients in the present Haitian ¹, ie outside the areas the coastline.
 There is a possibility that some of the people klicosijaèa, with no signs of illness leave &quot;their vibrione cholera in some of them there ¹ numerous waterways. However, who is a stranger in the earthquake devastated and hungry to Haiti ¹ ao as a tourist or business man and to the internal mail present, poor ¹ NIH, hungry, worried, hopeless ¾ term views oèajnih his people. There are adventurers. However, these certainly are not so numerous, nor come in remote, desolate regions, and where grief and misery are attractants. Finally, the cholera is known: &quot;It never travels in first class!&quot; Cholera is a disease usually below the third deck, among the poorest ¹ nijim passengers. So who, then, after a half-century absence of cholera in Haiti, is now able to bring vibrione cholera? The ship, its waste and ballast water are excluded the waving of the epidemic and the rapid, almost explosive epidemics during the early present in the internal mail Haiti, without registration of individual patients on the coast.
 Exhausted by civil war and corruption in Haiti is under constant protection for ¹ UN peacekeepers still add from 1990. year. They make up the multinational peacekeeping forces from many countries. Total more than 12,000 soldiers and police officers. Eine majority of the soldiers from Nepal, countries by GDP of U.S. $ 470 pc, not the poor ¹ ¹ term poverty of Haiti. For this reason, it is reasonable to expects that Nepalci highly motivated to learn the official in the UN peacekeeping forces. Nepal is known endemièno ¹ ¾ acres, and intestinal infectious diseases ¹ poor households, including cholera. Recruitment of soldiers, medical examination is required. Ka ¾ in that for all Nepalaca he made and that no one had no symptoms of acute infectious diseases. However, the issue of quality and reliability of standard laboratory tests in one so poor ¹ ostrich country, especially when someone is highly motivated by the official enjem in UN peacekeeping forces, suppress their diseased state.
 About this should take care responsible for the composition of the peacekeeping force - the relevant UN and their health adviser WHO. In earthquake-devastated Haiti, destroyed water supply infrastructure, to bring those who are unable Past spread epidemic infectious intestinal disease is the same mail to and put salt on the wound! For these reasons, it is based suspicion that the Nepalese soldiers could bring vibrione cholera in Haiti as well as patients with mild clinical signs of EAE or &#39;klicosijaèi&#39;. They have &quot;their vibrione cholera&quot; in the left or the environment latrinama ¹ u. When there have been monsoon rain ¹ s and flooding in mid-October this year, which are likely the report ¹ ficient of dozens Haiæana killed in slipping ¹ team and landslides as well as the very floods, were above average, then, in aqueous environments namn ¾ ene numerous volumes vibriona cholera penetrated into the water streams. Due to the short incubation period of disease (up to 3 days) cholera epidemic has rapidly emerged in many parts of Haiti, but in its internal mail era, far from the port of Port-au-Prince and other ports, although in the beginning with the highest ¹ s suffering du ¾ River Artibonite River to its sources of mail has in Mirabalais - downstream of Nepalese camp! Executive Women ¹ ¹ microbiological analysis of samples from Nepalese camp reportedly were negative.
 However, negative results can not iskljuèiti vibriona doubt on the source of cholera in the camp. Specifically, prior to sampling are much more monsoon rain ¹ s and rinsed with water were swollen. © this is a bacteriophage - viruses? Are they excluded? At the time of this writing (04 November 2010.), The day before the start of the announced hurricane Thomas, still add a threatening big trouble for the ¹ tents put away the remaining members of many families Haiæana and the emergence of repeated flooding, it is reasonable to fear for the future ¹ spread of cholera and other epidemics of intestinal hidriènim infectious diseases through the transfer. At ¾ Unfortunately, naturally, spontaneously arising hidriène outbreak of acute intestinal infectious diseases are generally politipne, epidemics with you ¹ s kind of the sources. These outbreaks of intestinal diseases of all types of microorganisms that find themselves in the water, which subsequently helps to drink. Thus, in addition to bacteria can expect a result from infection by viruses and protozoa.
 Cholera has a short incubation of up to three days, 3-6 days of bacillary dysentery, and Lambliasis kriptosporioza 10 and you ¹ s day. Trbu mail or typhoid fever and paratyphoid with incubation greater than two weeks. Children &#39;epidemièna ¾ Utica is the average incubation of the month. In a tropical country such as Haiti mail to all these diseases can be expected. Otherwise, if everything stays on hidriènoj cause of an epidemic, monotipnoj epidemic, then that is reason to suspect the possibility of deliberately caused outbreaks! Considering the overall situation in Haiti and such opportunities should be omitted ¹ think.
 