World Cup is behind us. Beautiful sex will say &#39;Thank God&#39;. But many football fans, knowing that we are waiting until the next four long summer, we remember all the situations that we razveseljavale during the past month. We bring you an overview of all non-strictly-football issues that have entertained us through the 30 days we spent in South Africa. 1st Eh the Jabulani official Adidas ball for 19 World Cup caused a major controversy and heated debate throughout Mundijala. In fact, the first complainers were present on the eve of the tournament, and the most vocal among them were, as expected, the porters. Thus, her voice cons of the ball and made the world&#39;s best goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon and Iker Casillas, a Serbian goalkeeper Stojkovic situation is vividly described in superlatives. &quot;This is not normal. From the Championship Cup ball manufacturers are going more into the hands of attackers.
 I understand that it is in everyone&#39;s interest to be more attractive goal, but somewhere it has underlined the limits. This ball is so unpredictable that we porters skills very little help. Honestly, I would not be surprised that for four years in Brazil FIFA allow attackers to use a firearm &quot;Passions can not lessened even when the championship began, and the Jabulani really a bit strange behavior, and became convinced that all those who followed the World Cup South Africa. However, many porters then realized that in the event of your own mistakes can also call the &#39;devil&#39; ball, and sometimes (English goalkeeper Green) is really difficult to conclude whether it is a goalkeeper error, or the deceptiveness of the ball. 2nd Unbearable Vuvuzela Maybe najizlizanija non-football topics from the south of the Dark Continent comes in the form of the African horn - Vuvuzela. Vuvuzela, or another name lepatata, the African is a plastic horn length 65 inches, which produces intense monotonous noise.
 Now, when you are in a stadium at the same time sounded the tens of thousands of Vuvuzela, then get the decor as we witnessed at the World Cup in South Africa. With all due respect to the domicile population that Vuvuzela considers its cultural heritage, which by the way they do not, the deafening noise is completely &#39;killed&#39; the charm of football cheering. Of course, such terrible cheering on what the majority of football fans accustomed. Not to mention that most of the anthem was not heard, and that even the traditionally loud song English fans somewhere quiet, Vuvuzela substantially undermined, and the game itself. As the championship went on we could see a number of examples where players simply have not heard his teammates, and sometimes even a referee whistle. Indeed, players are sometimes exploited, but if it is us in front of small screens izluđivala the unbearable noise, as only then it looked on the ground.
 Najsmješnijoj &#39;Vuvuzela situation&#39;, we witnessed the match in Slovenia and Algeria, when the Slovenian goalkeeper Seliga sent the ball to his quarterback, his back turned, not at all what he had heard the shouts. The ball took the Algerian striker, but fortunately, the Slovenes, Seliga defended his shot. Vuvuzela studying history, we have information that in Brazil there is an instrument of similar effect called cornet. Hopefully, just that we and the four years to watch the match with décor yelling one thousand elephants. 3rd The trial for forgetting a bit when the judges provoked much resentment as the World Cup in South Africa. While FIFA will say that 96 percent of judicial decisions correctly, will pass over that just four percent of those were critical. So let us remember ... How to explain an English fan that is 96 percent correct decisions, when Uruguayan Larrionda says Lampard ball that is more than half a meter crossed the goal line, not a goal.
 Try to explain to the American Eduovog when the winning goal against Slovenia made a misdemeanor. Malian referee Koman Coulibaly to date failed to identify who and where did the offense. Although Argentina has convincingly defeated Mexico in the quarter-finals (3:1) remains to the fact that it is taking a hit Carlos Tevez scored from the large hinterland. Although the meeting was led by our well-known Italian Rosetti, whom Ciro Blazevic once said that the hoof, it appeared that the experienced European judge can make a crucial mistake. Remember the only rugby Luis Fabiano, who first dropped the ball with one hand and the foot moved to the other side, then again by hand to set up a shot, and finally hit the lead for Brazil. To make matters worse Lannoy French judge that the situation was so ridiculous that he personally escorted Fabiana to the center, while the occasional smiling and pointing at Brazilčevu hand.
 Not to mention far more or less dubious decisions of arbitrators Mundijala past, the end will only express the hope that for four years in Brazil, the trial will be much better. For this that we seem to FIFA arbitrators prepared in South Africa was not at the World Championships. 4th &#39;I love hand Mr. Suarez&#39; Indeed we have seen an unusual move in the 120th minute quarter-final match in Uruguay - Ghana. It was a struggle for the semifinals, and at the end of the regular match the result on the scoreboard showed 1:1. The extension of the Ghana entered resolutely, eager to resolve the situation before roulette shootout. To them, and he almost succeeded, when they made a big push in front of goal keeper Muslera in the last minute of extra time. But on the way to the semifinals of the first African jumped out not one but both hands Uruguay striker Luis Suarez. He was, in fact, at the goal line decided to take the role of the goalkeeper and so, knowing that they will be turned off, allow the team another chance through penalty.
 At that point the fingers of his fate intervened and, because the first Ghanaian gunner, Asamoah Gyan, Uruguay&#39;s goal hit the crossbar. It is interesting that Gyan before the championship twice been precise with white dots, and ten minutes later also hit the net Uruguay. But unfortunately all Ganaca, Uruguay is and what they happily passed smoothly into the semifinals with the Netherlands. The day after the Uruguay game had spread to the latest joke that is Luis Suarez in the country should applaud the &#39;kiss hands Mr. Suarez&#39;. 5th The third most popular World Cup history Despite all the fears, anxieties and fears of leading the people of FIFA, the official statistics say that the first World Cup on the African continent has entered history as the third most popular ever. Data which many still can not get over enough, since they themselves have witnessed half-empty stadiums. However, the numbers tell a different story.
 According to recent data, an umbrella organization of soccer FIFA, the first Mundijal on the Black Continent is the third most visited in the history of football. With less than three million viewers in 64 matches played, is located just behind the last World Cup in Germany, and the one played 1994th in the United States. The only World Championship was held at the North American continent 16 years ago, still has a record attendance of 3.59 million viewers, while Mundijal from Germany holds second place with 3.36 million football fans. So at the end, despite the fears, the World Cup in South Africa justify the expectations. 6th Nostradamus 21st century - Octopus Paul If it&#39;s not already possible to write a book, then I could at least spjevati kind song about Nostradamus 21st century. Does not ring you? Hm ... This is, of course, the octopus vidovitoj Paulo, which with 80 percent accuracy, but two years, affecting the outcomes of matches of German football team.
 Tarot Paul, for the few who still do not know, is a biennial octopus from the water park Sea Life Oberhausen in Germany. Its looks like all octopuses world, Paul has a special power. Specifically, employees of the water park before every game in Paul&#39;s Elfa aquarium placed two identical jars with food and in each set by a flag. Paul after a while start to decide from which to eat. In this way, and predicts the winner of the match, a zaprepašćuje fact that only in one case, Paul chose the wrong dish. Unfortunately for the Germans, it just happened in the last Euro final, when Paul was wrongly chosen Germany (Spain celebrating a goal Fernanda Torres). However, the past Mundijal Paul disarmed all skeptics and all seven matches of German team hit the right outcome. Five wins and two defeats Elfa, Paul predicted without error. For his services many bettors will be able to count on the next Euro in Poland and Ukraine, but unfortunately not on Mundijal in Brazil.
 In fact, Paul&#39;s octopus species have a lifespan of only five years, so Paul will welcome the world football festival in Brazil. 7th Mundijal in Figures Number of Goals - 145 Number of adjudicated penalties - 15 Number of realized penalties - 9 of hat-trick - 1 (Argentine Gonzalo Higuain), most goals and assists - 8 (Thomas Mueller) efficacious: Germany (16) most inefficient: Honduras, Algeria ( 0) Most Goals received: North Korea (12) Most games without a goal received: Spain (4) First goal: South African Siphiwe Tshabalala (South Africa - Mexico 1:1) Number of own goals - 2 oldest scorer: Mexican Cuauhtémoc Blanco - 37 years, 151 days the youngest scorer: Thomas Müller - 20 years and 273 days of yellow cards: 261 Number of red cards: 17 Most yellow cards: Netherlands (22) dissects Mundijal: Fallen Giants and the undefeated Spartans
 