Wednesday, 17 November 2010 15:35 Financial Times writes today that the euro, the biggest and most ambitious project of the EU, threatening endangered, while the divisions among European leaders and their failed efforts to stabilize the value of the common European currency damaged the reputation of Europe on the other continents. The good news is that the horizon appeared the new leader of the Union. In fact, German Chancellor Angela Merkel is the one which determines in which direction will the Union continue to move. But the bad news is, it evaluates to list some parts of Germany&#39;s financial policy can do more harm than good, as on her skin felt Ireland and Portugal when the increased price of borrowing money in international markets. The Irish Times points out that financial problems have entirely different causes from the Greek. The government in Dublin, unlike Athens, was not excessive borrowed money, but in such a dire financial situation, found the huge losses of private banks by foreign creditors owed tens of billions of euros more than what I can gather from the uncertainty of collection of loans that were given for the purchase of property .
 Banks in the euro area can, however, to lend unlimited amounts of money from European central banks, which horrified Germany, which argues that the institution of the bastions of monetary discipline has turned into a clinic for treatment of failed banks. However, if the Irish are well-played this game, Germany, the European Commission and European Central Bank will be the ones who will dictate terms of financial assistance which will, if necessary, get a government in Dublin. We should not forget that the Irish are very good gamblers, reminds Times. Comments by the Daily Telegraph claims that Ireland is facing a very poor choice: leave the euro area or, at a high cost, to keep the euro. If you reject the common European currency, the passion that will tantalize your devalued currency back debts that are mainly in euros. Not returning debts on time Ireland would lead to a similar position in which the Island once found, because no one would want her to borrow money.
 Price to remain in the euro area is likely to permanently give up what is left Ireland in terms of economic sovereignty. Central Bank in Frankfurt, which is increasingly financed angered Germans, which had secretly helped the ailing Irish banks will now have to essentially colonizing Ireland, which is certainly not the desired end result of centuries-old independence struggle from Britain, notes the Daily Telegraph, transmitted Fena and FTV . It is not allowed to post comments on this article. JComments
 