08/04/2010 A year after joining NATO, almost 65 percent of Croatian citizens say they feel safer. In Albania, this event marked the ceremony. Natasa Radic for Southeast European Times in Zagreb - 08/04/10 Croatian and Albanian flags were raised at NATO headquarters in April last year. [Getty Images] on Wednesday (April 7) marked the one year since the Croatian flag raised at NATO headquarters in Brussels. That same week the 2009th years, Albania has joined the Alliance. Now, the two countries commemorate this significant event. In Zagreb, the president and Prime Minister Ivo Josipovic Kosor discussed defense and foreign policy at a special meeting marking the first anniversary of the country&#39;s membership in NATO. After the meeting, Josipovic told reporters that joining NATO was a key foreign policy objective of the Croatian independence from the 1991st
 year. &quot;The second objective will be to join the EU,&quot; he said. Kosor called membership in the Alliance historical moment and added that the labeling of entry &quot;further encouragement to all of [Croats] towards the EU&quot;. Membership in NATO is simultaneously strengthened the Croatian National Security Council and its international position, &quot;she said. Because of this, pointed out, there is a new area for economic partnership and other areas except defense. According to a new poll conducted by research group GfK, 64.6 percent Croats feel safer since the country joined NATO. Only slightly more than half - 50.2 percent - believes that the Croatian international reputation has improved because of membership in the Alliance. The mission of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) led by NATO in Afghanistan, has the support of 68.3 percent of respondents in a poll by GfK. And 54.1 percent of respondents believe that the contribution to NATO missions and UN Croatia is strengthening its national security and international reputation.
 After the meeting, Josipović said the decision to send another 20 soldiers to join the ISAF in Afghanistan. With the additional number of troops the country will have 320 members stationed there in the war against terrorism. In Tirana, the Ministry of Defense organization held a second conference April on the occasion of this event. Was attended by military officials, politicians and diplomats. During the conference, Albanian Prime Minister Sali Berisha has focused on the political achievements and pledged the same commitment to the EU integration process. Defence Minister Arben Imami, thanked the host country and the civilians on their &quot;readiness that comes from a desire to see their country&#39;s contribution as a member of NATO and world security and peace.&quot; However, not all were so optimistic. The leader of the Socialist Party (SP) leader Edi Rama said that full year of membership in NATO has not changed the poor state of politics and economy in Albania.
 Similar articles Loading Rama took the opportunity to continue the theme of the SP&#39;s insistence - which led to a boycott of parliament by the party - that the ballot boxes with the 28th choice June 2009. The openings for verification. &quot;Today the Albanians denied their fundamental right to be informed,&quot; Rama said at a news conference. &quot;Justice has been under constant threat.&quot; As in the case of Croatian, Albanian troops serving in the NATO, and their soldiers are present in Afghanistan, Iraq and Bosnia and Herzegovina. Postcard SETimes a Manjola Hall of Tirana has contributed to this report. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 