Davor Joviæ, kickboxing club coach, &quot;St. George&quot; from Vrgorac, a former commando 4th Guards Brigade, was wounded twice, and so he could go back and fight, &quot;down&quot; are the disability from 80 to 50 percent. He was named the best soldiers of the Armed Forces 1997th Today leading kickboxing club in Vrgorac, where he lives with his wife and two sons. I&#39;m not a hero, but all of my fellow soldiers, said a modest 54-year-old Vrgorèanin who has passed all the battlefields in Croatia, retired Army Major and Davor Joviæ, a former member of the legendary 4th Guards Brigade, could soon take the title - the hero of the war. Specifically, President Prof. RH. Ivo Josipoviæ decided to introduce a distinction in consultation with your counselor for the Veterans Predrag Fred Matiæem and assign it to people who have indicated their particular merits in the war. Among them is Vrgorèanin Davor Joviæ. As a member of the fourth Guards Brigade, Joviæ has passed all the battlefields in Croatia and has twice been seriously injured.
 However, he did not want to withdraw, but he stayed until the end of the holy mission of creating the Croatian state. With 41 years on the back, and with tens of shrapnel in it, Joviæ in 1997. he won the marathon with obstacles 76 km long and became a soldier year&#39;s general èuðenje and admiration of U.S., British and French military instructors. This modest man, never throwing about their merits in the creation of our beautiful, he always remained firmly on the ground. - When we went to war, no one thought about any awards, but only how to create their own state. War heroes are all of our veterans, especially those who gave their lives for our country. I am grateful to all his comrades because they were not, would not this recognition. What is my motivation for my future sports work, &quot;says Joviæ. For some time Joviæ works as a trainer Kickboxing Club &quot;Saint George&quot; in Vrgorac, where his disciples achieved remarkable results.
 For example, his &quot;protégé&quot; John Andaèiæ won third place in the Croatian Championship. Previously, Mr. Joviæ interview given to Slobodna Dalmacija, and here you can see what are our real heroes effacing and modest. Read: FACA FROM Vrgorac Davor Joviæ: Sebi sam &#39;arranged&#39; lower disability I had to lie because physicians would determine after the second wounding, 80-percent disability and retirement. And I still wanted to go to war so we &#39;agreed&#39; that we enrolled only 50-percent disability. Retired Major from the Fourth Brigade Davor Joviæ (54), one of the candidates for the new presidential medal war hero, talking about his war path, wounded, killed comrades, registers and abstinence from politics. What you did to 1991. and what was your motive for joining the Guard? - By profession I brodograðevni termoizolater, I had a job in Makarska company &quot;Metal-plastic,&quot; and I like the former state champion in full contact was a bouncer in a discotheque.
 Depressed me daily news about the then beginnings of unrest, such as events in Borovo settlement, which brought the numbers &quot;killed so many, so many wounded, captured ...&quot;. More could not stand by and a few friends, in August 1991., I reported to the local office. We told them: send us immediately. First I was in charge of physical conditioning to prepare our group of volunteers. We found were some uniforms of the former JNA, and they somehow stained, to differ from the enemy, but the color was bad, it already fell on the first rain. After three weeks a couple of guys from my group participated in the liberation of Small Bar, and I personally am not. Three hours izvlaèili me And we, however, get weapons and some equipment, taken from the JNA, and soon, as an independent line, which belonged to the 115th Imotski Brigade, and embarked on Visoèane Visac, under the command of Stephen Nižiæa. Here we had three wounded by hostile fire VBR&#39;s.
 After completion of these actions spoken to us to go home and call waiting for iduæu action, but we did not listen, but I, of all of the Company from Vrgorac in November found the fourth brigade, then under the command of Gen. I Jeliæa. We were placed first in Drnis, followed by the battlefields of Zadar and Mostar and Èitluk next row until the end. How many times have you injured? - Double harder. In 1992. the elevation head Kokot, Dubrovnik battlefield, I got shrapnel cumulative enemy missiles fired from close range, which has fallen about two feet from me. Three hours were among comrades izvlaèili under the shells, not listening to my requests that they be saved, and leave me. They did not leave, for they take this opportunity to thank. Another time I was wounded in the first day of action on Maslenici, the Paljuv. The tanks are in the tower Jankovic moved on here, and we have not had bringing ruin. Departed Leskur Cigo had called an RPG and hit their tank, but it immediately and killed by retaliatory fire, the enemy of the church at Gradina.
 When Clay wounded fellow soldier pulled mine and I ended up in the Zadar hospital. My parents managed to dismiss the Paljuv Arkan back and pulled out of our environment. Have you had any kind vojnièko education? - Yes, 1993. I was sent to six months in èasnièku school in Zagreb&#39;s Èrnomercu, and returned in the fourth, he participated in a storm, went to Banja Luka ... I retired 2003rd Is it exactly that you lied to physicians on the degree of disability after being injured? - I had to, because we set the second wounding 80-percent disability, and I could not stay in the active composition. At the Commission said that I do not consider myself invalid, because these are people without legs and arms, and that I can and I want another war. &quot;Agreed&quot; we are that we enrolled only 50-percent disability. Also, nerve warfare agents as part of my damaged liver. Sorry I do not like politics, but they tell you&#39;re not normal, considering the fact that many entered the higher and not lower the degree of disability? - Well, actually are.
 Doctors told me then, helpfully, that I will not regret the move when I buy-apartment at a higher price than what I could get, or around various other benefits. I did not, however, regretted. Again I&#39;d done the same for their people and the pretty stone. I guess my kids will and George (14) and Anthony (10) think so. Where are killed by poison gases? - In Mostar, 1992. the &quot;Road to Germany&quot;, in addition Heliodrom, when he killed Anthony Gaspar. Enemy planes threw poison on us. Buna were very tough battle, literally hand to hand. We were later deployed to Dubrovnik, and we replaced the HOS. Are you a member of a political party? - I did not. I do not like politics, I have never dealt with it for I have no desire to deal with it. President I vrgoraèke branch of the Association veteran volunteers Fourth Brigade National Guard and it is my only &quot;party&quot;. Josipoviæev Advisor What is your opinion on the so-called anonymous publication.
 Registers on the Internet? - Fighters are gonna oppose any fear of that publication, even those who were only a month in the war. How do I find the Council president for Defenders I Josipoviæa, I must say that the Council does not stand behind that publication, because we would not have worked in a manner contrary to the law. I do not approve of, therefore, the manner in which the register was published, but I think it should be disclosed, because we all know that we had half a million veterans. This is a huge burden for the state. What are you particularly proud? - I want to say that the soldiers under my command have never worked atrocities, the enemy, or, God forbid, against civilians. All the prisoners we had to eat and drink, and these were the orders of General Ante Gotovina, which I personally attended several times. Suggested to me Krstièeviæ Kotromanoviæ Were you surprised by the initiative of President advisor Fred Matiæa the introduction of medals war hero and your listing among the first publicly disclosed the names of four candidates? - Yes, and it very much.
 Actually I do not know what to tell the media who call me every day now. I was not accustomed to talking to the public. Personally, I think that the biggest heroes of our dead soldiers just as highly respect and all others who participated in the war. I am proud that my name was in this initiative. From comrades Fred Matiæa I heard about him only the best stuff, and I met him in the Council for Veterans. I think that I suggested to the Council General Damir Krstièeviæ and Colonel Anthony Kotromanoviæ. Have you already knew the president Ivo Josipoviæa? - No, I have never met before, until recently. I think there are bona fide ideas, but the question is how much will it fail to realize. &#39;Bell&#39; at the airports How to have a lot of shrapnel in the body, including one in the kidney, still &quot;ringing&quot; at airport controls, regardless of whether I have or have no clothes, and metal objects in pockets. Warpath of the 1956th
 - Born in Vrgorac kolovoz 1991. - Voluntarily appeared in vrgoraèku unit studeni 1991. - Instead of home on vacation, leaving the fourth Brigade lipanj 1992nd - At the battle of Mostar JNA it packs poison May 1992nd - Severely wounded by missiles near Dubrovnik January 1993rd - The second time wounded by a mine on the environment Maslenici 1993rd - Six months into the school èasnièkoj Èrnomercu 1995th - After all fronts, in the vicinity of Banja Luka, ending a war path 1997th - Declared the best soldier of the Armed Forces 2003rd - The act of retired Croatian Army soldier Higher Davor Joviæ holder of numerous medals, in 1997. was declared the best soldier of the Armed Forces, won the 76 km-long marathon of &quot;Race to Knin, the first freedom.&quot; Source: Slobodnadalmacija.hr Well, it&#39;s nice to know and to know who are real sizes in our society and our kickboxing.
 