Date story added: 10/05/10 Havells Sylvania Europe found that the number of minor 15W 10 000 hour Mini-Lynx Fast Start saving light bulbs under certain circumstances AMOZ overheat. The cause of the problem was identified, and production was immediately suspended. In order to rule out any threat, Havells Sylvania prays that the said product is no longer used. Customers who use or possess such a bulb to make contact with Havells Sylvania. energy saving lamps will be replaced free of course. The problem applies only to 15W versions of these product families, the remaining strength of the revocation are not covered. &quot;We are committed to offer the highest standard of quality for all our products and safety of our customers put in the center of its business. This recall is pure preventive measures to be implemented at no cost to the party, &quot;said Olivier Van Houtt, president and general manager for the growth of the company Havells Sylvania EMEA.
 Havells Sylvania apologizes for their parties for a possible temporary inconvenience caused and sincerely grateful for their suradnju.O Havells Sylvania: Sylvania is March 2007. became part of Havells India Ltd.. With more than 40 sales offices and approximately 5000 employees in over 50 countries today, the company achieved a group turnover in excess of 1.2 billion USD. Products company Havells Sylvana made up of 16 factory sites in Europe, India, Latin America and Africa. The company operates wherever required lighting solutions: The spectrum ranges from simple objects such as lighting parking building across the light-technical format displays, design-oriented architectural lighting and art galleries complete lighting solution for shopping malls and building facades. Havells Sylvania with Sylvania brands, and Concord Luminace a competent lighting solutions in both public and private sector.
 Stadium LED projector brand Concord has recently been awarded the two most prominent international design awards: 2010 Lighting Design Awards for Best Interior Luminiares and red dot award: product design 2010.KONTAKT RELEASE: Dederichs Reinecke &amp; Partner / Mutual PR Torben Knye torben.knye @ dr-p.de | tel.: 040/20 91 98 235 | fax: 040/20 91 98 299 Schulterblatt 58, 20357 Hamburg
 