&quot;I can not go wrong Octopus&quot; stršio is transparent with the German fans, but the octopus, and this time Paul was right. Spain in the semi-final was much better than Germany (1:0) and the throne of the best teams in the world will fight with the Netherlands. Muller missed All eyes were fixed on the great strikers Villa and Klosea, but decided to defender Carles Puyol. Barcelona&#39;s player in the 73rd minute, scored his head after a Xavi corner. It was the third Puyolov goal for Spain. It is not Germany in the first half looked so dangerous as in previous matches. Indeed, the thick Spanish formation in midfield, enhanced with Pedro instead striker Fernando Torres, kept the Germans away from the danger zone. Obviously it was already at the outset that the Germans lack the Thomas Müller who, according to the opposing door still goes far upright from Trochowskog. On the other hand, the Spaniards lacked Torres just because a lot of times they broke the German sides, and after a small ubačaja Villa was powerless.
 But again the question is how in that case functioned midfield. Interesting is certainly an indication that the first offense of the match made only in the 26 minute. Style is a game that is much more suited Spaniards. And from the first part only applies to single Villino chance in the opening match. German goalkeeper Neuer was timely. On the other hand, disputed the situation from 46th minute when the German offensive midfielder Özil entered the penalty area, as it was back carelessly stumbled Puyol. Although the Hungarian referee Viktor Kassai was near the scene, the impression remains that he was wrong in assessing that the Germans zakinuo for obvious penalty. Villa mostly late caution as most of the match played by both teams and generally threatened strikes from afar. And in the 58th Pedro minute he provoked with twenty meters, Neuer has defended and rebounded the ball was picked up Xavi and Villa, who has served on two feet in late fall caught the ball.
 In 69th minute in a great situation he found himself Kroos when a dozen feet kicked in the well-established Casillas. In 84th minute, Pedro missed a great opportunity. Germany - Spain 0:1 (Puyol 73) During the meeting, minute by minute in the First Half 1 &#39;Meeting in Durban began. 5 &#39;One fan with vuvuzelom ran into the ground ... Not even puhnuti arrived, but it guards presented .. 6 &#39;leading scorer of World Cup, David Villa, left alone in front of Neuer, but shoots straight at German keeper. The first opportunity for the Spaniards. 14 &#39;Iniesta&#39;s great to put on the right side, the ball fell just before the Neuer, but Puyol bad shot his head. After the first fifteen minutes, Germany has only 30 percent of the time ball at his feet, Spain absolutely dominated ... 16 &#39;Casillas just managed to touch the ball, but has removed the threat at bay. Germans from the corner trying unsuccessfully to find Klosea 19 &#39;Ramos tried from a distance, but he went over the crossbar 23&#39; How we used to, the Germans are waiting and trying to deceive the Spaniards in doubles, but they are watching their games ...
 In the first 25 minutes there was not even one (!) Violations. Only by backing one on each side. The Germans are now overtaken by Brazilians, playing his 98 match at the World Championships .... 27 &#39;first offense in the game! Podolski was mown down as, it has stepped Ramos. No cardboard, but there are medical teams .. The stadium in Durban, the Spaniards have suffered the only defeat of the Swiss (0:1). The Germans were there got Australia (4-0) 32 &#39;Here&#39;s the Germans, some were wide awake. Trochowski shooting from 30 meters, and Casillas had a good stretch to save ... 39 &#39;ran the right players, when you add up both teams, the first 100 miles ... 40 &#39;seems to be a holiday to go without hits, chances are still waiting for the right. Who will be the first to open? It seems the Spaniards ... 45 &#39;Klose finally solved his guard, retired, of course doubles, scored for Ozil, Ramos he was knocked to the correct white point, it has lost a step and - fell.
 Could the Hungarian Kassai awarded a penalty, but it is not. Why? This will take some time to discuss. Halftime. As expected, tactically outsmart guys coaches, error potkrala Spanish only at the end of the last minute. No great excitement, the stake is too large to be played open ... 45 &#39;began the second half, the other semifinal match. Changes in the no .. 48 &#39;50-meters Pedro is on the right side passed by the Germans, and eventually scored for Alonso, who shoddy shooting near the goal. 52 &#39;The first amendment - Marccel Jansen from HSV enters instead Boateng Germans this year have not yet received a goal in the sequel, as things stand on the ground, they would quickly break down statistics. 55 &#39;Villa was shot in the opposite corner, but too far. Shooting just outside the penalty area, a goalkeeper for the moment, it was not dangerous. 58 &#39;The real fireworks Neuerovim front door in one minute erupted three Spaniards were shot, but the Germans did caress me luck.
 Villa missed the ball five yards from goal which he scored from the left Iniesta. Interestingly, all the teams that are eliminated from the competition Argenitnu since 1994. years - have lost the next game. 60 &#39;shoots and Klose, but harmless. 61 &#39;How to replace crankshaft kartoniranog Thomas Muller? Löw is still required, introduced into the game instead Trochowskog Kross. 63 &#39;Alonso has once again scored well, Ramos ran, was knocked down to seven meters from the goal, but Hungary is still not showing the white spot. 68 &#39;Spaniards still nothing is changing, and Torres on the bench just waiting for the crashes goal. 69 &#39;Podolski Kroos scored from the left, this violently shot from 10 yards, but Casillas just coincided with the Germans removed the biggest threat so far. If someone interested, the girl he still stands behind the goal .. 0:1 73 &#39;Spanish for 17 minutes before the end come to take the lead. The ball is stiglaiz corner kick from the left side, and planted Puyol&#39;s head.
 When it was as if someone else the ball comes on the leg. Violently. Neuer had to get the ball into the net. In 42 games last Spaniards are not spilled the lead, one they have not reversed after they scored the first goal. Northern Ireland 2006th The only one was successful. The fact that the Germans are now very few are interested. 79 &#39;Mario Gomez, whose father was a Spaniard, instead of entering Khedira - Germans begin to play as they should from the beginning - offensive. 80 &#39;changing and Spanish - Torres enters, exits Villa. 81 &#39;What an example of selfishness! The action of 2 to 1, Pedro refused to add the lone Torres, who was only supposed to push the ball into the goal. He is still thought to be the best to do everything I waited for the Germans to return to the defense, and then lost (match) the ball. 83 &#39;Sure, Pedro was sent straight to the locker room, enters Silva. 86 &#39;Going by the Spaniards still, trying to Torres, but white is the dam. 90 &#39;will be played three minutes of recovery.
 91 &#39;The game in front of Spain&#39;s door, waiting for tactical changes. 92 &#39;Marcena inputs instead of Xabi Alonso, who from one foot to the way she walks toward the bench. End. Compose Germany: Neuer, Friedrich, Khedira, Schweinsteiger, Ozil, Podolski, Klose, Trochowski, Lahm, Mertesacker, Boateng Spain: Casillas, Pique, Puyol, Iniesta, Villa, Xavi, Capdevila, Alonso, Sergio Ramos, Sergio, Pedro Referee: Viktor Kassai (Hungary)
 