Sunday afternoon walk, ten days ago, just before the blizzard, which showed sharp teeth in spite of global warming, krenuh walking aimlessly. After passing through the park at the center of town, we unconsciously bestowed by the cemetery. I remembered my childhood and picking violets in the park before Cvijetnicu and I thought that was the most violets were in a Jewish cemetery, since there are no one picked. Once the cemetery was not fenced in by wire as it is now, and I remember how we read the names on the black tiles on which he was with them only information on the age of the person. We are surprised that there is a lot of data on the age of the victims of just a few months. Put us to draw near our cemetery aisle, next to a small chapel, and from partly earthen starociglenoj paths to the Jewish cemetery. In front of the cemetery are the greatest monuments. Quite a few of them, the principle of the ravages of time, izjeo them letters and so disturbed the balance, that they were lying on the gravity of those who are placed in memory.
 Before us is the history of this city and its inhabitants from the past. You have the feeling that you are watching and that they walk and read your labels on the monuments back memories. After a big row, and then came to the small monument remembering the children&#39;s day: the black metal plate stuck in the grass, with names and departed. There was Violet and I thought: Does it still? Grow to even the graves of those who have not given any opportunity to smell them and remember their scent as something beautiful in life? How under these violets nedosanjanih dreams, untold stories, broken romances and family idyll? I remembered Lavoro with water in which they swam fragrant violet and washing in the morning is always cold water on Cvijetnicu, before going to the cathedral. On the way back I listened to the story, which I once knew but have long had I not experienced that again: the man who made it all there names on the black tiles, and his successors who have long worried about the maintenance of cemeteries ..
 Shadows of the past long as I hung my head. I remember a neighbor of Polish origin that we talked about the war and the people of that time. I particularly remember the nice photographs of carved image of the most respected people, which were done on the road and gave them a large broom in hand to target the road. She said, that some poor people were terrible, but the majority of punks from all layers. Osvećivali them for their predicament as a cruel kings carnival. She said she still remembers the (then since died), their proud posture, and while Meli road along mocking and spitting. She told how in our town there was a collecting camp for Jews from many countries, and that there were many from other cities, Croatian, Bosnian, Hungarian, Polish and Slovak ... These were mostly women and children. For this reason, a lot of black tiles is even data on the age of several months or years. Fell as snow.
 Turns Europe. Covered with its meadows, mountains, forests and cities, its battlefields and execution, its cemetery. Plitvice, God&#39;s work of inspiration, beautiful in a green, magical and sacred in bleach, witnessed the bloody awakening giant evil, blood thirsty and hungry victims. Bloody Easter 1991. This was followed, as always directed the forces of evil and fulfill the hordes of criminals: a series of intimidation, expulsion order, the order of the camp, killing red, red flash, the destruction of Mad, but then again who dreams and plans come true criminals. The red coat from Schindler&#39;s List, promotes the streets of crime and hiding under the bed while the machine is uniform and helmets marched Dire dark street: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gaIUdIOB9j8 AmorOmniaVincit column from the Vukovar: http://s1 .trosjed.net.hr/trosjed/slike/813069e_0_trGcf.jpg victims. The camps and inmates. Those words instantly evoke the most numerous victims of the horrible massacres and organized removal of the bodies of victims: the Jews.
 Man can only zanijemiti of grief, compassion and respect for the victims and will remain terrified of those atrocities that were committed. Since the nineties, these words remind us of our fellow citizens, family members, veterans, Plitvice, Vukovar, Skabrnja, .... There is no ideology, politics, religion, anyone&#39;s national interest, a sense of threat that could justify and relativize the crimes. Whoever denies it, denies the history of mankind. From the old, proud people-Jews, we need a lot to learn:-how to survive despite all the terrible historical troubles-how to remain proud despite stigmatization-acquired blood to defend the homeland and to understand that its defense and sovereignty, in war and peace as the holiest of goal- learn from his own mistakes that led to appalling casualties of its own people-how to relate to their heroes and those who have created their own state-run economic as well as any other policy for the benefit of its citizens, its government-to accept the apology, but always remember, not denigrate the victim of its own people, due tribute to the victims, and as an enduring reminder of iniquity.
 Those who deny others the victims, not the right of memories of their own, but he denied the victims of their own, given the right to all those who expect them to oblivion for the crimes committed, and acceptance of equal guilt. Sister, Carol S. M. Pavlovic Amadej Milosrdnih sisters from the Monastery of the Holy Cross in Djakovo, posthumously 23.03.2009.dobila highest recognition of Israel, &quot;the righteous among nations&quot;, because he saved ten-year old girl, Zdenka Bienenstock, skrivavši in a monastery during the Second World War. Sons and daughters, grandsons of former victims and their executioners, there must be love, but they have to live with dignity in peace side by side, to keep the &quot;settle accounts&quot; and repeating the past. Monuments, museums and remembrance through books and movies, should be a reminder and tribute to the victims and condemnation of the crime, but by no means cutting funds generational guilt. No one nation is not selected for a criminal or sacrificial, but most often pretpjela both roles.
 http://img257.imageshack.us/img257/2681/ljubicica1kf0.jpg Tweet Related Sites More from this user Tags
 