The Vatican strongly protested the decision of the Swedish Committee for the Nobel Prize to ovogišnji Nobel for medicine awarded the British scientist Robert Edwards, who was 35 years ago, successfully conducted an artificial shelter. Four million children were born until now, &quot;the tube&quot;. Most of the Nobel Prize for Medicine British scientists seem not only obvious and justified, because it enabled the treatment of infertility, but very late. How is it possible that Edwards has not won this award before? Here&#39;s the answer: the Catholic Church opposes the conception of the specimen. The Church Fathers called Edwards merchant eggs, and to challenge every step of the process of artificial insemination, but most are reluctant to separate the quality from low quality embryos, and that 80 percent of the embryos perish in the process of artificial insemination. For the Church&#39;s conception of the specimen is unacceptable because etičkiih reasons. As seen from the explanations given by the Vatican&#39;s associations &quot;Science and Life&quot;, the reasons are philosophical, perhaps before the theological, intellectual, are very interesting and inspiring.
 The worst enemy No comment - Robert Edwards has not announced / AP But, in comparison with the dignity of four million people who were born in this way, these arguments, in the eyes of a large part of the public, simply do not have sufficient weight. The first test-tube baby, Louise Brown Englishwoman, is one of the loudest proponents of possibilities of artificial insemination. Edwards is the Catholic Church is one of the worst enemy because it is based on his work enabled the cloning of living beings, as well as stem cell research. The Vatican has often confused and in doubt as to accept the advances of science, and difficult to adapt to changes in society. Vatican still insists on celibacy, and life gay couples adopting children, a child from the tube may have a mother who gave the egg to fertilize, grow in the womb of another mother and be brought up by a third, so what! Professor Edwards, who recently lectured at Cambridge, did not comment on criticism from the Vatican.
 ines says Sabalić
 