Author: Morning Sheet Posted: 07/26/2010 The biggest leaks of state secrets in the history of the U.S. military has organized a founder of Wikileaks, Julian Assange LONDON, WASHINGTON - U.S. authorities have known for weeks that they leaked massive amounts of military secrets about the war in Afghanistan, and last night they learned and where they ended. Wikileaks web site, specializing in the publication of documents given by &quot;whistleblowers,&quot; said the almost 92 000 documents of the U.S. Army, of which much had the mark of military secrets. RELATED NEWS News Analysis and summaries of both published by the British Guardian, Spiegel German and American New York Times. The founder of Wikileaks, a 39-year-old Australian Julian Assange, is certainly satisfied rubbing his hands. It is, in fact, one of the biggest leak of secret documents in the history of the U.S. military, particularly shocking because the vast scope. Documents relating to actions in Afghanistan since January 2004.
 December 2009th and include intelligence reports on threats, plans and reports on military operations, descriptions of enemy attacks and notes from meetings with local politicians. They describe a special unit to kill insurgents without trial, the actions in which Afghans dying as a random victim and anger U.S. officials because of the cooperation of Pakistani intelligence agencies with Taliban insurgents. Page Wikileaks, founded in December 2006. as &quot;the first National Intelligence Agency,&quot; once again finds itself in the limelight, having already published procedures used at Camp Delta in Guantanamo Bay, e-mails from the University of East Anglia, from which emerged &quot;Klimagate&quot; secret manuals Church of Scientology, and even the content of the private Yahoo e-mail Sarah Palin. So far, their most famous undertaking was the publication of neredigirane videotape attacking U.S. Apache helicopter in Baghdad that killed a dozen civilians, including two journalists Reuters.
 Now they raised the bar even more. Nicollette The point is that &quot;whistleblowers&quot; can publish documents so that journalists do not know who gave them the documents, so I can not be forced to reveal their sources. Assange the same time, as it was recently described by New Yorker, &quot;an international smuggler,&quot; the leader &quot;media revolt&quot;, which is organized so that Wikileaks has no headquarters, offices, desks or fax devices. On a backpacking travels from country to country, sleeping in supporters or friends, while maintaining the sites assisted by one hundredth of volunteers from around the world. Five or six people working on Wikileaks full time, and yet they 800-1000 ready to help with their expertise in encryption, programming and writing press releases. Even within an organization are the key people are known only by initials, and communication takes place in encrypted chat roomovima on the Internet. Organized as a global organization whose headquarters is &quot;everywhere&quot; in order to avoid the jurisdiction of any state.
 Contents held in more than 20 servers around the world and hundreds of domains, so if a country tries to block the site, including the servers in other countries. Assange said that, if someone tried zainatio and what publication entirely removed, had &quot;dismantled&quot; the entire internet. For similar reasons, this time Assange access to documents on Afghanistan first allowed the media in three countries - in order to complete the documents in the public domain in the event that their announcement in an attempt to prevent the state government. Reporters were given access to several weeks to analyze the documents and publish the most interesting ones. But there was one catch: the press, the problem was that it could not verify the authenticity of the documents themselves, and yet could not prevent Wikileaks to publish them on its site, regardless of whether they write about them or not. New York Times journalist in this case, therefore, attempted to verify the authenticity of the official sources in the White House, so they end at the request of the administration even asked Wikileaks that some materials extremely harmful to the U.S. - not revealed.
 But Assange is deleted from the documents only the names of individuals whose safety could be compromised. It is a common way Assange works: When you receive the documents, verifies their authenticity, and then decide to whom to give them public. Today he said that the authenticity of these documents, no doubt, and in October in an interview he explained that he understood that if the big story is available to everyone, many media outlets will not be interested. - One would think that the document is bigger and more important, it is likely to be reported about him, but it is absolutely not true. It is about supply and demand. Zero bids equally huge demand, it has value. As soon as we let the material, the offer becomes infinite, and the perception of the value drops to zero - Assange said that in his native Australia, finished his studies in physics and mathematics. White House for some time trying to get to Assangea, a reaction from the administration has been contradictory.
 On the one hand, argue that this endangered national security, and other documents that there is nothing new. - These documents covered the period before the president announced his new strategy. Some of the problematic things discussed are exactly the reasons why the president ordered a three-month audit of policies and a change of strategy - said an unnamed official. Lied to &#39;off&#39; track Lady Gage in November the Pentagon knew that the person who works at a U.S. military base in Iraq began to copy secret documents. However, the Pentagon suspects found only in May, after being leaked a secret telegram to the American Embassy in Reykjavik, Washington and video of the attack helicopter in Baghdad. Then they, in fact, reported California hacker Adrian Lamo, which is on the Internet bumped into someone he started to talk to a military intelligence analyst in east Baghdad and was admitted to downloading and compressed a mountain of data and transmit them to Julian Assangeu.
 He argued that the job brought blank CDs, that are marked as CD and Lady Gage, put them into a computer and humming along with a non-existent music while copying data. The Army&#39;s 25th May arrested 22-year-old analyst Bradley Manning who is now in a military jail in Kuwait. It is not known whether the documents were leaked yesterday that they copied Manning. The secret squad of U.S. hunting down Taliban and NATO forces killed civilians, led by the United States in the war in Afghanistan, using a special undercover squad to capture and liquidation of the Taliban leaders without trial, according to, among other things, the secret documents published on zviždačkom Wikileaks site. In some of the actions of the American unit of TF 373 were mistakenly killed civilians, women and children as well as Afghan police officers. The list of &#39;capture or culling&#39; is a 2058 Taliban commanders and members of al-Qaeda in the U.S. Bagram base by 2009. was detained even 4288 people.
 Some have been there for years, including a 16-year-old, and currently are in prison 757th Leaking documents reveal that the civilian casualties provoked anger and hostility of local leaders and have largely suppressed, while the involvement of TF Detachment 373 has never before been revealed publicly. In one of the reports described so that the unit in June 2007. tried to arrest or kill a Taliban commander Qarla Ur-Rahman. As they neared the target, someone had turned toward them and the light signal unit opened fire. In support are called cannon power and threw the opponent. The next morning we found out that they clashed with Afghan police. Seven were killed and four were wounded. In a press release it was announced that there was a shooting, but the victims are not even mentioned as a squad who performed the action. At a meeting with local leaders, commanders of the promised compensation to families of victims and that such &#39;accidents&#39; happen again.
 But a week later, the detachment was attacked by a village which they believed to be hiding in his Libyan militant Abu Laital-Libi. They did not find it, but with five grenades sprayed the &#39;six Taliban militants&#39; in a medrasi. When the attack took place they found seven dead children. The coalition has emerged about the incident saying that the whole day there was no indication that children were present and that the Taliban used them as shields. No one other than an anonymous statement locals did not indicate that the medrasi been any Taliban. The media reports did not state that the purpose of the attack was a Libyan. He again offered compensation and re-action was caused political problems. Four months later the detachment was attacked by a group of Taliban and demanded that the air force bombed a house from which he came to enemy fire. But the Taliban until the arrival of the airplane seems to have retreated as a report showed that the soldiers on the scene found the two dead girls and ten boys and several adult civilians.
 Coalition forces say they killed several militants. Only later did they add that it found several dead and wounded &#39;non-combatants&#39;. (A. Handabaka) What is Wikileaks.
 founded in 2006. as &quot;the first National Intelligence Agency,&quot; which is called &quot;whistleblowers&quot; from around the world to send her documents.
 no headquarters or offices, the founder Julian Assange with backpacking travels around the world.
 verify the authenticity of the documents before they are published.
 Documents published in its entirety, but as previously given exclusive selected media to make sure that they will write about them.
 content held on 20-odd servers in different countries in order to prevent censorship.
 when they were Church of Scientology has threatened to sue the publication of their secret manuals, Wikileaks has responded by publishing more scijentoloških classified documents.
 financed by donations from recommendations No.: 25 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 