In the framework of the Festival of Croatian-Indian friendship, which was organized by the Croatian-U.S. companies, Department of English Language and Literature, Faculty of Philosophy in Osijek and the American Corner of the City and University Library Osijek organized lectures on U.S. natives and cultural sovereignty. We invite you on Thursday 28th October 2010. in 15 hours sveèanoj Hall of Philosophy, Faculty lecture on The People of the Big Voice Tom Jones, a projection of his documentary film and lecture Choke Patsy Phillips. Lectures will be held in English. On this occasion, in the lobby Posudbenog Department of City and University Library Osijek can view an exhibition of books American Indians. Tom Jones is an assistant professor in the Department of the Arts at the University of Wisconsin in Madison, Wisconsin. In his lecture, The People of the Big Voice Tom Jones will provide an overview of the historical photographs Ho-Chunk nation of 19
 century to the present day and present their photographic work. As a member of the Ho-Chunk people, he is one of a group of new wave of Indian photographers that depictions of Indians give a new dimension. Jones shows his people &quot;inside&quot;, as they themselves see themselves through their family and social ties. The lecture will be popraæeno screening of the documentary film entitled Tom Jones choke on his grandfather&#39;s tradition and the elders of Ho-Chunk people. Patsy Phillips, director of the Museum of the Institute to the American Indian Arts in Santa Fe, New Mexico, will speak about the meaning (or greatly underestimating) of Indian art in the modern world. It will also introduce their home institution, the Museum of Contemporary Art, Center of the Institute to the American Indian Arts, an institution conducive education and development of U.S. Indian art. Referencing some of the most important determinant of U.S. contemporary Indian art, will speak about the relationship between the museum and cultural sovereignty and the marginalization of the arts and contemporary Indian art in the contemporary artistic world.
 Additional information is available: • American Corner Osijek 26.10.2010.
 