MEETING IN MOSCOW Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor with Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin at last week hrvatskoruskom meeting in Moscow where he signed a contract on the South tokuPotpisivanje agreement on participation in the project of construction of the Russian South Stream pipeline is the biggest foreign policy success in the rule of the Croatian Prime Minister Kosor. Tim contract Croatian government has created a key prerequisites for a reliable gas supply for the next twenty years, which may be considered the primary basis of long-term economic development of the country. On the other hand, this contract represents the definitive end of a ten year period of bad international relations Croatian and Russian, and an indication of the intense economic cooperation in the future. Croatia now has the potential to become an important Russian partner among European Union countries and thus realize the immense economic, and political gain. The framework of future cooperation will certainly be a major energy projects, a sector in which Russia wants to retain a dominant role in Southeast Europe.
 Croatia has for years rejected the Russian proposal on energy cooperation, as negotiations on the South course began after Russia have reached an agreement with all other countries in the region. Given that the South Stream pipeline is designed as the Russian gas transported from the Bulgarian Black Sea coast to centralnoeuropskih countries, agreements with Bulgaria, Serbia, Hungary and Slovenia, Russia has virtually secured the entire imaginary route. In such circumstances, the Croatian negotiating position has become much weaker. Russia has got the ability to search a number of Croatian concessions in negotiations, particularly with regard to the negotiations on the South course was associated with negotiating a new contract on the supply of gas from the Russian state company Gazprom. The current contract with Gazprom expires at the end of this year, a failure of execution of the new Croatia would lead to a situation that already next year be faced with the uncertainty in the supply of gas.
 Because there was a danger to Croatia in the negotiations with Russia occupy a subordinate position, and finally made a very negative agreement. However, this did not happen. Croatia is an agreement on the South course with Russia signed in extremely favorable conditions, significantly better than some states that were previously entered into the project, such as the Serbia. Because of this agreement on South Stream can be considered a framework within which are defined as partnerships Croatian and Russian. Extent, it is clear that the importance of agreement on South Stream extends far beyond the framework of the pipeline and energy consultant Jasminko Umicevic believes that the final outcome of the considerable success of all involved in the negotiations: &quot;Croatia in the negotiations with Russia had a lot of aces, so it can be concluded that result more than satisfying. While the public has not presented any details of the contract, but the fact that the agreed co-ownership part of the pipeline that will pass through the country in a ratio of 50 versus 50 is a proof that Croatia is in talks went better than any other state.
 Clearly, the enormous efforts of Prime Minister and a team of negotiators Croatian government led by Economy Minister Duro Popijač past months paid off, so it seems that Croatia ultimately did not have to succumb to one of the contentious claims of Russia that were allegedly mentioned during earlier negotiations. &quot;Two The main conditions that Russian officials were mentioned by the majority ownership of the pipeline and the abandonment of the Croatian construction of a terminal for liquefied natural gas (LNG) in the alj on the island. These requirements Russians, never officially confirmed, they are extremely unpleasant for the Croatian side. Russians requested that the stake be divided in a ratio of 51:49 in favor of Gazprom. This would mean that Croatia should bear half the cost of construction of 350 kilometer long pipeline from the border with Serbia to the border with Slovenia, while it would not have almost no rights upravljačih. In such an arrangement was agreed to Serbia, and some experts now estimate that its government will have no ability to affect the operations of the pipeline, nor the cost of transit, which is why Serbia could lose millions of planned revenues.
 The Russian request of Croatia at the end to avoid, so you will about the construction and management of the pipeline in Croatia managed company which will own equal stakes Russia&#39;s Gazprom and Croatian Plinacro. Another unpleasant request the Russian side apparently was that Croatia refrain from building the LNG terminal on the island. LNG terminals are almost the only alternative routes for the supply of gas available to European countries, because it is through them to Europe in ships transporting gas from North Africa, Middle East and Asia. For years, Russia has used its influence to, as much as possible, slow the development of such facilities, especially in the countries of Southeast Europe. It is precisely such a project in alj, where the main role is played by large European energy company, OMV of Austria, the German E. ON Ruhrgas and France&#39;s Total, with the participation of Croatian companies and a consortium of Slovenian Geoplin. The construction of this facility for Croatia is of great importance because it was created a new, alternative supply route for gas supply is ensured, and thus reduced dependence on Russia.
 It is therefore possible that one of the objectives of the negotiations with the Croatian and Russian officials was the possibility that Croatia withdraw from the LNG terminal. Nevertheless, since the requests are eventually dropped, so now there are no barriers to intensify the implementation of the project that he began with work by the end of 2015th This is important because it is based on an agreement on LNG terminal can glimpse a new energy policy of Russia towards Croatia. Specifically, it is quite certain that Russia in the future of Croatian longer be required to refrain from competing energy projects, provided they express the same support and the Russian projects. Thus Croatia has practically gained significant support in the future participate in any new energy projects, including the Nabucco pipeline, which favors the state of the European Union and the United States, and that through Turkey to Europe should have shipped the gas from the Caspian Sea area. Nabucco and South Stream for years been considered competitive projects, and participation in an automatic expulsion from another.
 Geopolitical circumstances in the meantime have changed significantly, and some states, like Hungary, unable to agree to participate in both projects. Now among those countries including Croatia, and the agreement with Russia, Croatia came into the possibility of becoming the intersection of regional energy pathways. It means that Croatian institutions in the future much more actively cooperate in the development of Russian energy projects than before. The first in a series of such projects should be a new version of the Adria pipeline Society. This project was designed during the time the government of Ivica Racan, when he signed intergovernmental agreement on oil pipeline that would link the Russian city of Samara and Omisalj. Based on this agreement Janafov pipeline would be integrated with the transport systems of Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Hungary and Slovakia, the Russian oil to be delivered to the Krka and there reloaded on tankers. The capacity of the pipeline at the start was to be five million tons a year, and eventually grow to a maximum of 15 million.
 Croatia was assured the transit fee in the amount of tens of millions of dollars, but the project has quickly sparked a negative public reaction. Project resented the poor profitability, but the fact that due to increased tanker traffic in the Adriatic Sea has increased the possibility of environmental štete.U circumstances Racan&#39;s government has stopped the project, and came to power, Ivo Sanader, has definitely rejected. Few Croatian politicians, like President Stipe Mesic warned to cancel the Society of Adria could permanently undermine relations with Russia and lead to disastrous consequences for the Croatian national interests. This estimate is largely proved to be true, but it seems that now the project could be revived, in a somewhat revised version. Head of the JANAF Ante Markov for some time with representatives of Russian state oil company Gazprom is negotiating the formation of Adriatic spot market, a kind of oil stock market, where international buyers can immediately after the completion of the transaction to take oil.
 The realization of such a project would significantly increase the profitability of the original Society of Adria. It can therefore be expected that very soon after signing the contract on the South course and followed the signing of new agreements Society of Adria, but also long-term contract on supplies of gas from Gazprom. Although there is no known details of the agreement, according to unofficial sources, Gazprom agreed to increase the import quota of Croatia, which was also one of the main topics in talks. The increase of quotas for more than a billion cubic meters a year, to 2.5 billion, from the main Russian negotiator and Minister for Emergency Situations Sergei Šojgua sought another former Deputy Prime Minister Damir Polancec early last year in Moscow. Šojgu is alleged these claims vigorously denied saying that Russia currently lacks sufficient capacity to meet them. Given the huge amounts of gas that Russia produces and exports, this response seemed quite incredible, but he clearly testifies to the stubborn attitude that the Russian side had in the beginning of negotiations.
 Ante Markov, head JanafaStoga is clear that the signing of success, especially if they prove true speculation that the increase in deliveries over the next few years, exports to Croatia to reach the desired 2.5 billion cubic meters. Thus, with the construction of LNG terminals, Croatia virtually ensure sufficient quantities of gas for the next two decades and created the basic conditions for industrial and economic growth in this period. However, in light of these concessions to Russia and Croatia should be interpreted as speculation about the future route of South Stream gas pipeline. After signing the contract, some local media, but also a few energy experts assessed it negatively, arguing that on the basis of Croatia will not be displayed on the main pipeline route and would therefore lose the possibility of millions in profit from transit fees. It is assumed that the main route the pipeline to be built from Bulgaria through Serbia, Hungary, Austria and Slovenia to Italy.
 This would mean that Croatia is on the South Stream was merged branch, and indeed no possibility of profit from transit of gas. Although this option is unlikely, it is in no way certain. Indeed, the final route of South Stream will not be determined until it is made of the feasibility study, scheduled for late 2010., And some experts believe that, for various political reasons, it is practically not be known until the start of construction. Therefore, the Croatian state top government certificate in order to further diplomatic actions may still provide the main passage of the South Stream through the country. If it happens, the branch is connected to the South Stream to Croatia to meet one of the important goals of his energy policy, and that is creating new supply routes. Therefore, much more important than the main pipeline route is the question of exclusivity in which Russia has insisted in negotiations with other countries participating in the project.
 This is a provision which provides that in the future infrastructure built within the South Stream can be used exclusively for transporting Russian gas. Few states, such as Slovenia, have succeeded in negotiations to fight for the abolition of the right, and it remains unclear whether it succeeded, and the Croatian negotiators. Such a provision at this time would not have had virtually no effect because of the region and no serious competition in the supply of Russian gas, but in Croatia&#39;s future could find itself in a situation that does not have the necessary infrastructure for gas supply, a current can not be used because of Russia&#39;s exclusivity . However, neither this potential problem does not significantly diminish the positive effects of Croatian accession to South Stream, a major uncertainty of the whole project now refers to the date of its realization. Regardless of the growing number of states that have agreed to participate with Russia in building the South Stream, the realization of this project today is in many ways more uncertain than a few years ago.
 At these dangers have already begun to warn some of the domestic energy experts, and their claims are very specific reasons. Europe, Russia, and the world experienced a significant geopolitical and economic changes since June 2007., When the project is the construction of the pipeline was first officially launched. South Stream gas pipeline Nord Stream, and are primarily intended as a geopolitical project. Their goal was to increase gas supplies in Central Europe, especially in major markets like Germany and Italy, while isolating those countries that there would be supply for political reasons, were prone to obstruct. Nord Stream is therefore intended to supply the north-west and central Europe to circumvent the Baltic states and Poland, and South Stream should be supplied with Southeast Europe, by a pipeline running through Ukraine. In short, the idea of building the South Stream was a direct result of problems that Russia has had with the frequent blockades of Ukrainian pipelines.
 In this country the government was pro-West oriented President Viktor Yushchenko, Ukraine has sought cooperation with NATO and publicly expressed its ambition of joining the EU. In this situation, it only makes sense intended by the Russian leadership that the construction of new pipelines to reduce geo-strategic importance of Ukraine, but also significantly reduce the Ukrainian gas transit revenues, a key economic resource of the state. In the meantime the situation has changed. Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has become, pro-Russian oriented politician, who will almost certainly stop the trend towards the opening of Ukraine zapadanim influences. With Yanukovych the Russian government&#39;s policy towards Ukraine will significantly change on the horizon could even be a sort of partnership. It is possible that Yanukovych will in future run the blockade of the gas pipeline, and Russia will certainly be a decline in interest income from Ukrainian transit.
 Much of that money already given Western country, and believe that Russia would in the future could encourage the growth rates of transit, aware that in this way helps your Yanukovych ally, to keep power. Dmitry Medvedev and Sergei Šojgu, the Russian president and the minister for emergency stanjaS other hand, when the South Stream project was created, global oil prices ranged near the limits of record-breaking $ 147, and is predicted to get the oil price could rise to more than $ 200 . As the price of gas associated with oil prices, Russia&#39;s gas production realized enormous profits, and with such high prices and significant growth in global demand, all development projects of new sites and building new infrastructure seemed viable. Since then the world has been hit by the global economic recession. The fall in industrial production and caused a sharp drop in energy consumption, and thus the need for gas.
 The price of oil and gas today is almost twice lower than in mid 2007. when the South Stream launched in Europe, consumption by approximately 8 percent. In such circumstances, the big question is whether you are a company, even a giant like Gazprom, can afford to go into an investment of 25 billion dollars with no clear vision of profitability. Russia&#39;s natural gas industry, and mostly I Gazprom, is currently experiencing considerable stagnation. Lasts a period of weaker global economic activity and less demand for gas, Gazprom and other Russian companies will probably be forced to slow down or temporarily suspend a significant number of large projects. Given the new geopolitical circumstances in the context of improved relations between Russia and Ukraine, one of these projects could easily be the South Stream pipeline. This fact in mind should be the creators of the Croatian energy strategy. Croatia really can not affect whether and when the South Stream will be implemented.
 By signing the contract to ensure that it participates when it happens and it is an indisputable success. Now the Croatian state administration with the same intensity must continue to develop other projects to Croatia in the future to ensure long-term energy stability.
 