I expected it would me in the morning about four or five to wake the muezzin from a minaret. Because as they tried in Muslim countries to find a hotel that is not with a mosque, always to the end of the mission remains unfulfilled. And when you&#39;re just &quot;poslikao&quot; environment and enthusiastically found that the mosque near there, early the next morning someone would zatukao. Perhaps the muezzin from the mosque. I will never forget the Moroccan Fez a few years ago: I found a super cheap hole overlooking the square with the royal palace, and that the next morning found that somewhere on the other side of the mosque. Speaker and the minaret was me exactly at the window and judge for themselves what it was awakening in the morning, four ... But despite all this essay about hotels and mosques, Mozart turned out to be a good choice. Neither the mosque or the noise from the street - I managed a nice nap until nine. Dressed, went down to reception, paid account for one night, ran into a taxi and back to Coke.
 Taxi driver asks me this time only four dollars, which is about 6000 lira which is probably the most realistic price so far, with regard to his honesty, I leave him for five dollars. On the very same &quot;bus station&quot; from which I caught a minibus yesterday for Baalbek, today it catches for Tir. Actually Sour in Arabic, because no one named Tir live here do not know where it is located. I go to the south. It&#39;s not some way - just an hour and a half to two hours. Lebanon is still a small country - only 10 452 km2 and about 4.2 million inhabitants. I just now realized that the Lebanon area and less than Montenegro. But because of Montenegro has a lot more people, which is primjeæuje road to Tyre because there is not a piece of empty space. The whole coast from Beirut to Tyre, 80-kilometers to the south, a continuous line of towns and villages. I read in Lonely Planet to the Lebanese Mediterranean coast preizgraðena, probably most of all of the Mediterranean, and this is proof.
 The first part of the way minibus goes modern highway. Like yesterday for Baalbek, the word was on the freeway trotraènom in full profile, without any holes, so well done that man for a moment thought that somewhere in Europe. Well neither Bulgaria nor Romania have no such route in the European Union. Usually a road that winds along the coast, somewhat like our Adriatic highway (but still less sinuous as the Lebanese coast slightly indented), and which we pass in the second half of the times, it is of poorer quality. However, it is still surprising good for an Arab country. Through the window watching the environment. First alternate family villas and apartment blocks and the occasional hotel, all detachments seem empty. A bit spooky. It&#39;s sad. Regardless of an audio names like Deuville Beach Hotel. The season is over, but somehow I doubt that the season was full. Lebanon is unfortunately the world is still a bad reputation, and you will pass some time before they regain their reputation and restore the luster that had the 70-team early last century when it was lunapark the world&#39;s jetset.
 And then in 1975. civil war began and destroyed everything. Continues banana plantation to plantation and voænjaci. Primjeæujem the branches still immature lemons. But by far the dominant banana. However, I do not know if I can call to uopæe plantations because none of them large, but rather just fills the empty space between buildings. Just so that there is no downtime. And in front of Sidon, or the Arabic Said landscape is changing. On the music scene in the industry and after a single view through the window can be concluded that the industrial city of Sidon. Cargo port, something lièi the oil tanks ... The sea is too dirty, such as the oil vreæica of nylon, plastics bottles and other rubbish, it is difficult to remember if I ever saw a piece on the Mediterranean coast dirtier. And in bags and jars towel kupaæi ... In Sidon brief exchange transport. My Beirut minibus apparently did not intend to go all the way to Tyre, and now just transferred to the bus.
 Sidon, despite their industry to that, does not look bad. Right at the entrance to the city&#39;s beautiful mosques of reddish stone, in some pseudomuslimanskom style, apparently recent reconstruction of an earlier mosque because it is hard to believe that it survived all the wars in this area, then along the promenade beyond the quagmire, and at the end of a nice fishing Lucica with several restaurants and so. Sea castle from the 13th century. Although Sidon was one of three of the most fenièka cities (Tyre, Sidon and Byblos), today it has almost nothing fenièko. Sea Castle built by the Crusaders on the small islets 80m from land and connected to the mainland by a small mound, because a large part of today&#39;s Lebanon, once upon a time was a crusader territory. All this is viewed from the bus and think that I might nabrzaka stopped in Sidon on his return from Tyre. The road that goes from Sidon to Tyre, the same as the previous ones, but the scenery changes and sea, to my luck, it becomes increasingly èišæe.
 In fact, after Sidon primjeæujem no traces of any industry. But it is hard not to notice that I go all over the politically unstable southern Lebanon. More and more Lebanese army checkpoints. Is that I have not seen that someone stopped, but it is hard to ignore the army. Armed to the teeth. And after the bridge over the creek on some sort of halfway between Sidon and Tyre, the army even more. Now primjeæujem Lebanon and tanks hidden behind BAGS with sand and covered with a green tarpaulin. Now, with the impellers to improve checkpoint on the bridge and osmatraènica UNIFIL, United Nations forces in Lebanon. Blue helmets from white oklopnjaka observe traffic. A large sign says photography is prohibited. And then the road on both sides all the way to Tyre, the Lebanese flag flying next to the flag of Hezbollah. And huge images, such as billboards, Shiite religious leader and soldier-martyr of the fatherland who certainly died in one of the clashes with Israel.
 Slightly zastrašujuæe. But upon arrival at Tir, again, as I&#39;m somewhere else. As if I&#39;m not just 20-kilometers away from the volatile Israeli-Lebanese border. Kaotièan transport, shops and restaurants - it looks like any other city. Every now and then passed through the white jeep with big black letters UN on the door from both sides and the blue flag of the UN zakaèenom somewhere behind. Just to remind you. Tyre has a little more than 140.000 inhabitants and it is hard to lose, but rather ask directions Lebanese who was at the bus stop. He says he does not speak English, just francaise, and my question &quot;Vestigo du Tyr?&quot; Now we hand indicates the direction of the Roman ruins of Tyre. Although he had a scarf over her head, that this did not prevent the Lebanese that it is in a modern pink, nicely made-up is something of jewelry. Bome is nice. The real proof that it can èuvati some Islamic traditions, but also go a step is in the modern world.
 With us, when a man mentions a woman in the Muslim world, just think of those mummies in the black, which is here in Lebanon. Yet the vast majority of Lebanese liberal or uopæe no scarves or have them and then use one unusually seksipilan way. Roman ruins are found at two sites in Tyre, Al Mina and Al Bass, but both are relatively poorly preserved and somewhat dosadnjikavi. Al Mina is closer to the center and several have been preserved colonnade, the ruins of Roman baths and fourth unusual arenas, and somewhat later mosaics, Byzantine date, but has an interesting position with the Mediterranean Sea in the background. Al Bass is much greater, says the site, the former Roman necropolis, the sarcophagi principally with the second and 3 century of our era, then there are the remains of the aqueduct, and, according to Lonely Planet, najoèuvanijim Roman hippodrome in the world at the time could receive up to 20.000 spectators.
 To reach Al Bassa, should pass through Palestinian izbjeglièki Al Bass camp, and here we are not really šeæe, and prefer to take a taxi to the entrance to the site. The entire site is surrounded by wire, but the watery one in every fence, must be some holes in the end I find one big enough to provuèem through it. In this way I do not have vraæati back toward the entrance to a whole other side of this huge site and spend more additional time šetajuæi izbjeglièkim the Palestinian camp, or awaiting taxi. Thus I was quickly back in the center and that I had previously thought, I could get through the hole in the fence smuggling in the locality. The sun burns relentlessly. Already around one. Temperature which is below the 30th degree And there is little moisture in the air, but below expectations. The Lonely Planet says that the best place for a private swimming beach Rest House hotel. It&#39;s not a public beach in Tyre bad. There is a long, pješèana and clean, but unusually low.
 Because security is decisive, however, for the hotel. &#39;ll Pay ten euros and get your cabin, deck chairs, parasols and a private beach. On the beach only a woman with some kids, but soon they go, so I&#39;m staying. The sand is fine, pure beaches, a more transparent and warm. Almost like I was in the bath. I was only little waves transferred from a dream. I can not believe that this is just more of some twenty kilometers to the north was a real quagmire. Izležavajuæi spend the afternoon at the beach because this is probably the only chance on this trip, given that the north of Lebanon more dirtier, and the second part of the path leads me to the inside Syria, where he has gone. I watch the coastline to the south. Somewhere, some twenty miles below, is the border with Israel that is more exact with Palestine. The area directly south of Tyre until 2000. He was under Israeli occupation. The Israelis then retreated, but the border remains firmly closed.
 I was thinking to take a taxi to take me to the southernmost point of Possible Lebanese-Israeli border, but me lazy beaches and the sun has cooled down, I do not want to move with it. So that the sun was already almost &quot;kiss&quot; with the sea when I decided to urgently have to go that I may come a little prošvrljati the old city and then catch a transport to Beirut. The public beach is now suddenly with little people. Some only tree on the beach, others were dragged onto the sand plastic chairs and a little play and talk, some can swim, and my eyes fall into two Lebanese who are in breka pliæaku completely dressed. A town is tearing layer is built. There is no order. With the exception of one Kristjan churches, many paintings of the Virgin Mary at the entrance to Hall, since the old city of Tyre mainly Kristjan fourth and fishing Lucica where one saved for tomorrow&#39;s fishing net fishing and the other in obscure kafiæima playing cards along the waterfront, old town acts quite cold.
 At six o&#39;clock already starts to fall the darkness and I see that the devil took the joke. In Muslim countries that are closer to the dark transport is becoming problematiènijim. And hovering have some kind of gloomy clouds. In the center of Tyre, in the same place where I left the bus this morning, now stands just one. Empty. I ask the driver, &quot;said? Beirut? &quot;. Shaking my head and pigin English gives me the knowledge that no bus out of here no more, but that would drop me off of some corners where the buses go to Beirut. Stopping the course Sidon waste. Few miles from Tyre, I manage to find a direct combination of Beirut. As the highway goes and stops at villages en route, a driver is the real Hamilton, I was in Beirut for less than an hour, this morning we were supposed total of two hours. However, in Beirut, the driver decides that he has a lot of driving, so all of us throws somewhere on the periphery. Thank God that one guy from the van also goes for the Hamra and šeramo taxi.
 I explained the principle of taxis: &quot;Are you saying only a taxi, it means you want a private ride and it will turn out and a lot more expensive. Are you saying service, it means that the taxi driver can casually pick up and the other passengers and it eventually turns out cheaper. Like you and me now. Do you understand? &quot;A nod of razmijevanja. Just what is it in practice far more complicated. Especially when you&#39;re a foreigner. Serani taxi to Hamre lasting 20-minutes out of each of us 1500 lira. Since I have small (always somehow when necessary, in no small purse), Lebanon&#39;ll pay the whole figure, and eventually it wants to receive money. Evidence that the Lebanese people and very hospitable to all the forces trying to be the guest feels at home. And what I particularly I guess in Lebanon is that you, unlike other similar countries, you as a stranger nobody draws the sleeve and tries a little something you all get stuck. The only exception is when the taxi driver again šeæeš street all the time trumpet for you and try and get a cab because it would be a rich foreigner can go on foot if at ease with my taxi.
 I also thought of all those 30 taxi drivers who potrubí you with some of the neat stunts with you, in five to ten minutes walk along one street. Any. The taxi driver in Beirut as a fly on shit. &quot;You must go see the cedars. Because come to Lebanon, and not see the cedars ...&quot;, advised me goodbye Lebanon. I know it&#39;s something like come to Paris and not see the Eiffel Tower or visit Rome and not see the Colosseum, but the cedar I have to leave for another time because this time we travel is quite limited. In the evening I go to Gemayzeh. They call it the new fourth to hang out with, approved launching appliance shall Beirut. But Thursday was obviously out Friday and Saturday going out here do not come into consideration. Gemayzeh is nothing more than a street, maybe the length of the Zagreb Jurišiæeve, with a series kafiæa and restaurants. Only one out of reach tonight music. I go, I sit, are ordered Sex on the Beach cocktail, and only then I see that I entered the karaoke bar.
 This karaoke bar in French. Two groups of young Lebanese and Lebanese train their voice (no) opportunities. Enough to drink this cocktail nabrzaka and disappear before anyone and my bay microphone. And yes, this was probably the best Sex on the Beach I&#39;ve ever drank. Considering that I paid ten dollars, or less did not even expecting. Out on the street turns to modern super cars (many jeeps and convertibles) with the wreck. At the moment the city fleet looks montekarlovski, and then the occasional wreck back into reality. One such might be the column &quot;Believe it or not, this is still driving!&quot;. It passes some ancient Mercedes, without any flat surface, izlupan from all sides. Not only is there no front fender, but it is missing the whole front with the lights. And if he does not open, the trunk is attached to his belt like the ones we put some luggage. And vehicles. But with the exception of these rare cases, a fleet of Beirut is very impressive.
 Many of these cars are difficult to viðaju in Croatia. The owners of most of the children of the rich Gulf, which in Beirut studying at the prestigious American University of Beirut (AUB), or simply come and whore drugs in liberal Lebanon. How liberal are the proof of Beirut and the Lebanese Gemayzeh many of which have so many short skirts and cleavage that would be envied by the girls in the West. A Bome have something to prove. I would never say that I am an Arab country! MINIBUS Beirut-Cola Tir 4000 lira (per direction) Tickets at Al Mina archaeological site in Tyre in 6000 liras ticket Al Bass archeological site of Tyre in 6000 liras ticket to a private beach in the Rest House hotel in Tyre, 05.10.2010 18 000 lira. u 18:27 • 0 Comments • Print • # • ^
 