Posted: 15.06.2010 Though very diverse in the kitchen tuniškoj prevailing tastes bitter, but the light Mediterranean cuisine rich in fish and seafood. Gemini, enjoy one of the traditional, Tunis eating cous-cous When it comes to gastronomy in Tunisia is divided into two regions-the coastal and continental. Thus, in the coastal area is dominated by lighter, Mediterranean dishes based on fish and seafood, while the northern part is known for its production of vegetables and fruits. As in the southern, desert part of the barbers live mainly from livestock that is rich in meat and dairy products. In general, throughout tuniškoj kitchen uses lots of olive oil, because Tunisia, namely, the fourth largest producer of olive oil in the world. In the kitchen Tuniškoj the influence of antiquity, Orient Overseas, Spanish and French cuisine. In addition to these European and oriental blends, Tunisian cuisine permeated the desert, culinary traditions.
 Unlike other North African cuisine in the kitchen Tuniškoj used mostly angry, oriental spices, which are actually the legacy of past civilizations ruling Arabs who have donated to them except spices and coffee. But, how many civilizations throughout history stepped onto the soil of Tunisia, each of them has left its impact on cuisine. Thus, in ancient times by Greeks in Tunisia brought olives and wine to the French much later revived on the Tunisian soil and vine. In addition to the art of wine-making French the Tunisians learned on white bread and coffee with milk. Thanks to the nomadic Berbers in Tunisia was originally created a famous specialty of couscous. Besides this, today a wide-known specialties, Tunisians have retained the old clay plates and bowls with covers from ancient times, nomadic tribes, in which even today serve some dishes. In addition to the Phoenicians, Romans, Jews and Spaniards who have also left their mark in the kitchen tuniškoj Italians, especially those with distant Sicily, Tunisians are accustomed to the macaroni.
 How to behave in Tunisia at the table? Post to Facebook Tags cous cous, cuisine, couscous, angry, history of cuisine, traditional dishes, Tunisia, spices
 