Author: Morning Sheet Posted: 04/07/2010 Town in the rock, Krk, a favorite destination for gourmets and lovers of good wine, the closest airport - Omišalj - Rijeka, Hamec 1, 051 842 040 • Port Authority: 051 220 165 • Ferry port: Valbiska • www . tz-krk.hr • INFO: TZ Krka, Trg Sv. Quirinus 1, 051 221 359 RELATED NEWS News Island Krk (Italian Veglia) is the neighboring island of Cres most of 1246 as there are islands of Croatia. There are many traces of its rich history: Roman mosaics in the baths, the old Christian church and Glagolitic monuments or paintings of the Venetian masters. Of course, there are romantic beaches and hidden coves. Island of Krk is preparing many surprises. The scent of sage and broom; walk karst rocks and gravel beaches along the shores of crystal clear sea. Krk vineyards are full of juicy grapes, and is famous narcotic vrbnička žlahtina which can be enjoyed at many local gatherings along the island&#39;s dance and song-singing groups.
 And while the sounds of classical music filled the old island structures in the barren wilderness of stone summer breeze caressing or &quot;full&quot; your sails, you will discover your &quot;Golden Island&quot; - island of Krk. BAŠĆANSKA PLATE St.. • Lucy Jurandvor bb, Baska • 051 860 184, 091 511 3943 dates roughly from 1100 year, and comes from the church of Saint Lucia in Jurandvoru in Baska on the island. These are Jurandvor fragments, one was found in 19 century and two more fragments were found 1957th year. National cultural monument of the Croatian people. REMAINS OF THE VENETIAN FORTRESS OF ST. MARKU remains of the Venetian Republic that has left its traces can be seen today on the islet of Sv. Mark. The fortress was built by the Venetians had a permanent garrison, which is closely watched that pirate ship senjskih deserters to be gone in Ulster. WHAT TO SEE Museum Baska Baska Museum • King Street • Zvonimira 28 051 750 550 • Summer Hours: 17 - 22 hours Opened in 1970.
 years and contains a collection of ethnographic Baška end. The museum&#39;s ethnographic collection contains a rich collection of folk costumes, old dishes and utensils that are collected through history. Krk Even the ancient Romans came and went in Splendissima Civitas Curictarum - presjajni city of Krk. Enjoy the splendor, the relaxed pace of life in the narrow streets that always lead to a cultural monument, the untouched nature surrounding areas. In its broadest, the southern part of the historic urban core to provide a powerful sea to the north, tapering rose svijajući nest within the city walls. From a balanced number of roofs in the air strive steeples of St. Francis, Our Lady of Health, the Benedictine abbey and cathedral dominating tower, the keeper of the News, audio lantern under which the indecision between the observed flow generation. No, go away from the bustle of the waterfront and Vela place.
 Walk the streets are silent, the edges of small squares. Sharpen your hearing: the plural language that resonate Krk street in the summer you will recognize a very peculiar expression: will go to women who will shout over low wages and will communicate with its ether windows, interconnected Venetian Italian and Croatian. Baska is situated in a beautiful bay surrounded by vineyards, olive groves and flowering broom, with the picturesque background of the rocky Velebit and the islet, Baska is a reason most popular seaside resort on the island. They have just encouraged the development of beach tourism in Baska and distant 1908th year, when he officially opened the first public beach on the island. Its unique, 1800 m long pebble beach attracts visitors and is one of the most beautiful on the Adriatic. From Jurandvora, places in the vicinity of Baska, comes one of the oldest document written in Croatian, Baska Tablet.
 Glagolitic monument carved from the 12th century. Malinska Malinska is a picturesque seaside tourist resort located along the wooded bay on the island. Many beaches, numerous sunny days and Mediterranean climate have made Malinska ideal health tourism. Were still living traces of the past - sounds sopile, preserved folk &quot;khanate in thin and thick&quot; that the people dancing in colorful traditional costumes allow, at least briefly, an escape from everyday life. The variety of sports and recreational facilities will satisfy the youngest and the oldest visitor. Moments spent on the sports field or in a hotel of the water sports will be a pleasure not only for beginners, but experienced fans of sports activities. In particular pleasure of this coastal town that has managed to preserve the characteristics of the end of a fisherman to enjoy the island cuisine.
 Omisalj lies under the cut rocky hill under which the more deeply cut into the mainland, creating a picturesque bay Omišaljski. In the gentle bay with a pebbly beach and arranged sunbathing are the hotels and private apartments. Walking along the many narrow streets you will hear a historical story is from Liburnian and Roman times, over the Krk princes Frankopana or you may visit the parish church from the 13th century, which boasts a valuable altar painting, and at the front emphasizes the rosette. Nearby Omisalj was a Roman settlement Fulfinum, and today are the remains of an early Christian basilica from the 5th century. Vrbnik rock overlooking the sea, a town on the rock - Vrbnik. In one of the oldest cities on the island, the cradle of literacy in Croatia, the narrowest street in the world, Frankopan castle, historic churches and chapels. For lovers of swimming and sunbathing Vrbnik offers the cleanest sea. Culinary connoisseurs Vrbnik known for its restaurants, taverns and wineries that even the most demanding gourmets do not leave you indifferent.
 Widely known and Vrbnik vineyards and indigenous wine žlahtina. Number of recommendations: 1 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 