Author: Jasmina Ryan Posted: 13.04.2010, Obama agreed with Ukraine to resolve the country of its uranium visokoobogaćenog BOSTON - Working dinner hosted by President Obama by the heads of delegations of 47 countries participating in Monday&#39;s Washington began a two-day summit on nuclear security. RELATED NEWS News Pressure on North Korea - We know that organizations like al-Qaeda trying to get his hands on nuclear and other weapons of mass destruction and not to withhold the use of it - he said, adding that it should not allow it. America at the conference also aims to provide a new pressure on Iran and North Korea to halt its nuclear weapons development programs. Iran was one of the key themes jednoipolsatnog Obama&#39;s meeting with Chinese President Hu Jintao, which has caused the greatest attention. Jeff Dader of the U.S. National Security Council press after he said that &quot;the two presidents agreed that their delegations should work together to further sanctions&quot; if Iran continues to violate its obligations.
 As the first major success of the Summit and a concrete agreement was published in Ukraine to get rid of your visokoobogaćenog uranium to the next summit on nuclear security 2012th year. What the U.S. is trying to achieve a decade ago, it was agreed at the meeting of Obama with Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych. It is the uranium that Russia has returned to Ukraine after being the 1994th was sent nuclear warheads that remain after the breakup of the Soviet Union. For several weapons White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said that this material was sufficient to produce &quot;a few nuclear weapons,&quot; but declined to specify where they will go. He just said to him, &quot;few countries can receive,&quot; and that &quot;the decision is made about it.&quot; Major incidents: - Kazakhstan 1993: Visokoobogaćeni enough uranium for 20 bombs left without control. Iran and Iraq opened an import-export company in the region. - Russia 1998: The authorities are reported to have prevented the theft of 18.5 kilograms of uranium to produce nuclear weapons in a nuclear facility in Chelyabinsk.
 - Serbia 2002: SAS and Russia have removed enough uranium for making nuclear bombs, three from Serbia. - Pakistan 2004: The nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan, the father of Pakistan&#39;s atomic bomb, confessed that he betrayed the secrets of Iran, North Korea and Libya. - Syria 2007: Israel bombed a nuclear reactor under construction in Syria, for which the government in Damascus claimed that the military installation. - NATO 2008: The internal investigation concluded that most of the store with tactical nuclear weapons do not meet safety standards. Number of recommendations: 0 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 