A recent arrest of Daniel Oršuš, the first Croatian citizen suspected of being a member of Al-Qa&#39;eda group of assassins, has shown that terrorist groups do not recruit their members only in the Middle East but also in other parts of the world. Exclusive for BBC News the security situation in the Balkans commented Dr. Sajjan Gohel, a member of the working group for the fight against terrorism NATO&#39;s PFP Consortium and president of Asia-Pacific Foundation in London. Is Croatia Al-Qaeda a fertile ground for recruiting new members? Terrorism has no nationality, membership in NATO and EU accession in Croatia is becoming more interesting to Al-Qaeda and other Islamist terrorist organizations. However, the situation is out of control, this problem is much more pronounced in Britain, France or Germany. How terrorists recruit members in Europe? Unlike their supporters in Pakistan or Afghanistan, who are trained in terrorist camps in this area is usually a samoradikaliziranim people who connect over the Internet.
 Sometimes Al-Qaeda and its members come through the mosque or madrassa in Europe, but more often they search on Islamic Internet forums and web pages. In this way, Al-Qaeda indoctrinated and samoradikalizirane connects people in a kind of cell. Without the help of the Internet Al-Qaeda would be very difficult to organize its presence in Europe, let alone recruited new members. How is Bosnia, given the large number of Muslim believers, suitable for Al-Qaeda? You must know that the BH is very diversified country and its inhabitants are considerably influenced by the West. Their social, political and economic views to a considerable extent in line with the views of other Europeans. In Bosnia, as well as in Albania, among Muslims is dominated by a secular, worldly way of life and because of that radicalization which is being implemented in Saudi Arabia or Pakistan does not have a major impact on them. Most Bosnian Muslims is not a problem, the problem is the small number of Islamic fanatics.
 Is the war in Bosnia has created some of the extreme Islamist terrorists? Today we have reliable information that a number of high ranking members of al-Qaida comes precisely from among the volunteers who fought in the war in Bosnia. The best example is Ahmed Omar Saeed Sheik, Briton of Pakistani origin. This is a highly educated man, London Graduate School of Economics who was recruited by Al-Qaeda while he fought on the side of Bosnian Muslims. Then he went to Pakistan, where he became one of the closest associates of Osama bin Laden, and is known as the organizer of the kidnapping and beheading of Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl. BiH police carried out an arrest campaign in the Wahhabi Maoca. What are they dangerous? Wahhabis are obvious links with the extremist Muslim Saudi Arabia, a country that promotes this form of fundamentalism around the world. They have a very negative impact on the country where, like Bosnia, is developing into a secular form of Islam.
 Wahhabi sooner or later lead to insecurity and instability. Unfortunately, there is still little known about the Wahhabis in Bosnia, still do not know exactly what the Saudis have gained in influence during the war. It is certain that the influence of Saudi-Wahhabi communities is very large, which sooner or later leads to problems in terms of social cohesion and social stability. However, the situation in the region is not yet alarming.
 