Number 560 Tags: EU, deportation, racism, Roma, Zemunik Release Date: 11.09.2010. Written by: Tena Erceg When French President Nicolas Sarkozy in early August with great fanfare began deportation of Bulgarian and Romanian Roma airplanes national companies, it was already 25th such a flight this year. Moreover, the French Government over three years deport two thirds of the total of 15 000 Roma who have arrived there after the EU enlargement to the east, but they are mostly back. This summer, the deportations were strongly echoed also because I so wanted to Sarkozy, and most analysts agree that this is a classic populist move that lack of quality policies and voter support to compensate by encouraging fear and xenophobia. Deportations of Roma are not exclusively French phenomenon, because a dozen right-wing governments in Western Europe carried out similar actions, consequently changing the essence of the European Union, which is one of the foundations of the free movement of people.
 Thus, Denmark in July began the deportation of 400 Roma, Sweden is due to petition them deported 50, Germany has returned to Kosovo the local Roma 1200, although half of them children born in Germany, while the station wagon with about 700 Roma were expelled from Belgian Flanders and temporarily housed in Wallonia. The Italian government two years ago because of unrest in the south of the country declared a state of emergency and expelled thousands of Roma, and supported the measures implemented by the French government. Italian Interior Minister Roberto Maroni of the xenophobic Northern League has even urged to legalize the deportation of EU citizens living in another country, and the burden of the social system. Maroni complained that it was previously proposed by the European Commission, but was refused because of the party to which he belongs, and announced that they will once again present the proposal at a recent immigration summit of interior ministers, who, in turn, was the overture to &quot;create a Euro-secret emigration of labor group &quot;, as described by the French Minister for the department of Eric Besson.
 France is a racist measure the government calls for European laws, which allow the restriction of freedom of movement for the citizens if they live in a country at least three months without a job, or earlier if the &quot;threat to public order, security and human health.&quot; The French government said that the illegal settlements, &quot;a source of smuggling, child exploitation, prostitution and crime,&quot; and that it comes completely legal &quot;assisted repatriation&quot;, because the Roma are left after they had been offered money. Damir Grubisa, professor at the Faculty of Political Science, explains the &quot;News&quot; that the events in Rome and the consequences of &quot;the contradictions in the policies of the European Union&quot;, or &quot;rejection of Western states to adopt a unified stance on the issue of settlement of people from Bulgaria and Romania to the EU , which is why the decision was deferred until 2014. year. - Instead, countries like France and Italy have obtained the transition period, on which is now called, in the meantime have adopted laws that make it difficult for the immigration of foreigners, such as looking for evidence that may support, which actually makes the principle of free movement of people because of the very immigrants difficult or impossible to find a job if they are not mobile - Grubiša says.
 Despite calling the French officials on the laws, the facts show that the measures are implemented and racially colored and cheap political. Specifically, the Roma have left &quot;voluntarily&quot; after they were told they would otherwise be forcibly expelled and deported during some reason, separated men from women. In addition, measures against the Roma are part of a broader policy antiimigrantske Sarkozy&#39;s government, including a law prohibiting the wearing of the burka and niqab, then taking biometric data expelled Roma, a proposal to revoke the citizenship Muslims who &quot;refuse to accept the principle of secularism&quot;, and even punishing parents juvenile offenders who violate probation. In addition, the French president is facing a huge drop in popularity, partly because of the economic crisis that has decimated jobs and social system, partly because of participation in the hated war in Afghanistan, partly because of the scandals of the milijarderkom Liliane Bettencourt, where the authorities have allowed huge tax breaks, and she in turn financed by Sarkozy&#39;s party.
 In this context, is experiencing a statement by the Minister of Industry and the Mayor of Nice Christian Estrosija, who requested that they start to punish cities that &quot;sympathy with the Roma&quot;, adding that he particularly cares &quot;cities controlled by the Socialist Party.&quot; Sarkozy explicitly linking immigration to crime allegedly launched his popularity to 80 percent, but the recent protests around the twin cities show that many local people do not approve of any expulsion of Roma or complete his &quot;security policy&quot;. Tepid reaction to the European Commission, the Organization for Human Rights and Roma associations argue that the share of Roma in France dealing with crime is extremely small. Rights Centre of European Roma (ERRC) Sarkozy sent a letter strongly denied his claims that the deportation in accordance with the law, and recalled that the EU directive on freedom of movement allows the deportation of EU citizens only after they consider individual cases and determines that the person indeed pose a threat to public safety.
 ERRC notes that the European Convention on Human Rights prohibits collective deportation, and recalled that the French government ten years ago passed a law according to which Roma would provide space for legal residence, for not doing so is because the European Commission received a reprimand. All this happens in the midst of the so-called Decade of Roma Inclusion, &quot;a single decision by European governments to improve social and economic status of Roma and their integration into society.&quot; The program was adopted at European level and lasts from 2005. 2015. year, and its implementation are committed to all governments, and national laws were passed and secured European funding. Recent events in western Europe show, however, that the Roma are systematically excluded rather than included in the company, while in eastern Europe for decades conducted discrimination and segregation which prevents them to turn. The reaction of the European Commission on these events was distinctly lukewarm.
 A spokesman for justice commissioner Viviane Reding said the Commission &quot;does not feel that Paris carried out mass deportations,&quot; and that &quot;the states to decide how to deal with the Roma and how they will implement their own laws.&quot; Analysts, however, note that the Commission has not only an obligation but also the instruments to respond, referring to last year adopted the Lisbon Treaty, which provides the ability to sanction members who violate the fundamental rights of citizens. It also contains a so-called nuclear option for states that spend serious violations of human rights, which consists of the abolition of voting rights of that member, or even from their expulsion from the Union. Lisbon Treaty last year was hailed as &quot;a new dawn for human rights in Europe&quot;, but the Commission now claims that it covers only &quot;two narrow areas - the law of the European institutions and the implementation of these laws by the states, so this is what France does not fall within its jurisdiction.
 Unspoken hierarchy within the EU Portal EUObserver quoted, however, an anonymous senior European Commission official who said that the &quot;nuclear option&quot; provides for situations that &quot;all Roma potrpaju in concentration camps, while this is not even close to it.&quot; However, some analysts commented that the Commission still every bit as responsive when it comes to other citizens&#39; groups, such as persons of same-sex orientation, so they and Commissioner Viviane Reding and the European &quot;president&quot; Herman Van Rompuy wrote angry letters to the government of Lithuania who has tried to ban Gay Pride. The Commission has finally released an interim report yet on this issue, but only the beginning of September, saying that France &quot;is not enough to examine the individual circumstances of the expelled Roma,&quot; such as &quot;age, health status and time spent in the country&quot; and urged the French government to explain &quot;whether and to what extent these criteria are applied.
 Analysts argue that this situation indicates the existence of &quot;unspoken hierarchy&quot; within the bloc, according to which Brussels can chide Eastern European countries without fear of consequence, while Sarkozy and Berlusconi should not be touched, so last year, Berlusconi threatened to block any decision by the European Social Council if it to be a bother asking why the ship full of refugees deported to Libya. In addition, the French Minister for Europe Pierre Lellouche has publicly threatened that France would block the entry of Bulgaria and Romania into the Schengen zone, which should happen next March, if that country &quot;does not take responsibility for their Rome. Grubiša still believes that &quot;The European Commission wants to solve this problem a single policy, but can not because the members are calling for its sovereignty, it also shows that the EU is not a super state, but it depends on the agreement states, while the Lisbon Treaty should just disable this particular solution States &quot;.
 - No, it is obvious that they are scared because the big countries are losing the monopoly of the Union, and therefore seeks to restore the state of the so-called canned sovereignty. Began to be afraid of them open towards the east and problems of eastern states bring with them. Since I do not see a way to solve problems, and deposited, they resort to measures which seek to strengthen its own position - concludes Damir Grubisa. Višijevski model Former French Socialist Prime Minister Michel Rocard Sarkozy is a security measure called the &quot;politics of the Civil War,&quot; a proposal to the &quot;individual transgression imposes collective punishment&quot; compared with what they were doing &quot;višijevski regime and the Nazis.&quot; Višijevski the collaborationist regime stripped the citizenship of Jews, Roma and sent to concentration camps by the French government began to release from custody just two years after the war. Some French media and noted that the starting date of the deportation of an inconvenient date coincided with the International Remembrance of the Holocaust against the Roma, which marks the second
 and 3 August, because that night 1944th in the concentration camp Auschwitz-Birkenau killing some 2,000 Roma. Ethnic ecology in Zemunik Last week, hundreds of inhabitants of the Dalmatian Zemunik - with the support of returnees of Serbian nationality - staged a &quot;peaceful protest&quot; seeking the departure of Roma who live there. He said Svetko Zupan, one of the organizers of the protest, villagers complain that they Gypsies, who are engaged in trade waste, pollute the environment and make money by poisoning them, and brings up the fallen trash and illegally inhabit and destroy the house of Serbian nationality. The Mayor of Zemunik Josip Marusic said that he and his sumještani &quot;not afraid of accusations of racism&quot; and &quot;do not have anything against Roma,&quot; but only &quot;that they want to go.&quot; &quot;Roma are close to residents Zemunik, a way of life is totally different and therefore there is a problem,&quot; said Marusic &quot;Zadar list&quot; and when asked by reporters whether that had anything against Roma remain longer if the waste is transported, said: &quot;It&#39;s a tough question.
 We do not heat, but we want this to be environmentally clean. Their way of life and it does not go side by side. &quot;Inhabitants of this village in the County of Zadar, which otherwise leads a number of attacks on Serbian returnees and their property, joined by those same groups of returnees and their representative Nikola Trzin requested that the Roma&quot; migrate from their illegally inhabited houses, &quot;as his Croatian sumještani welcomed thunderous applause. It is denied the allegations of the local Roma to the Croatian authorities in the Zadar hinterland of the mid-&#39;90s have allowed immigration empty Serbian houses in order to impede the return of Serbs, which was confirmed by a member of the Parliamentary Committee for Human Rights Milorad Knezevic, adding that the practice existed in other parts of the Croatian. Roma in this area normally reside only in the summer, in order to earn waste collection, and when it gets cold, they return to Slavonia, where they have houses.
 This summer Zemunik left just before the protests.
 