15.10.2010. / 19:25 By: Hina Sobjanin new mayor of Moscow, a close associate of Putin, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Friday in the position of Mayor of Moscow named Sergei Sobjanina, chief of cabinet of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, after the dismissal from his post Lujka Yuri, Russian news agencies reported. Dmitry Medvedev and Sergei Sobjanin Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Friday in the position of Mayor of Moscow named Sergei Sobjanina, chief of cabinet of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin, after the dismissal from his post Lujka Yuri, Russian news agencies reported. Medvedev Sobjanina received at his residence in Gorkome. &quot;I decided to submit your candidacy to the City Council with the task imanovati you as mayor of Moscow,&quot; Medvedev said Sobjaninu. Sobjanin (52), one of the closest associates of Vladimir Putin. Kozak from the Urals, was born in the Tjumen west Siberia, has made a career away from Moscow in the autonomous province Kanti-Mansiysk.
 During the Soviet Sobjanin was a skilled worker in the factory pipes, and then spent several years as a member of the Youth Communist Party was in high positions, and then to high positions in the Communist Party of Russia. In Moscow in 2005. the strategic position of Head of Cabinet of the president, replaced by Dmitry Medvedev, who then served as deputy prime minister. Since Vladimir Putin, after two consecutive terms, appointed Medvedev as his successor, Sobjanin was the head of his electoral campaign for presidential elections held in March 2008. 2009th became more powerful after his appointment as president of the Council of the greatest directors of the Russian TV network Kanal Pervij. Mayor of Moscow, which has the status of the governor, appointed by the Kremlin, since in 2004. Vladimir Putin, who was then president, introduced many reforms. Yuri Lužkov, who was mayor of Moscow last 18 years, was dismissed from his post in late September after a bitter political conflict with President Medvedev.
 