Masoud Ali Mohammadi, professor of nuclear physics from Tehran, was killed in an explosion in front of his home, for which the Iranian authorities have accused Israel and the United States and &quot;hired agents of Iran&quot;. The murder happened on the eve of a meeting of the United States, China, Russia, France, Britain and Germany, who will discuss steps to take against Iran&#39;s insistence on its terms of nuclear development program. Loyal opposition and the government? State Press TV reported that Mohammadi was killed a bomb placed on a motorcycle which was detonated by remote control, a broadcaster IRIB said that the blast destroyed everything within a radius of 50 meters. State media described the slain as &quot;unwaveringly loyal to the 1979 Islamic revolution.&quot;, But the AP said that Mohammadi was one of 240 prominent Iranians who signed the support of opposition leader Mirhoseinu Mousavi after disputed presidential elections in June.
 Obviously, they, therefore, a fundamental disagreement about the political orientation of professors killed, which is particularly important because of the nature of his political (dis) engagement and support or opposition, however, the authorities depend on the conclusions about the motives of the perpetrators of these attacks. Mohammadi was taught quantum and theoretical physics, and it seems that there was a greater extent in the nuclear program. Iran sanctions or an attack, however, for very unusual conditions Tehran bombing recalled the disappearance of Iranian nuclear physicist Shahram Amirija who is working on a nuclear program. He disappeared in June 2009. in Mecca, after which Iran has accused the CIA and Mossad for the kidnapping, which Washington has denied. Fars agency now says that there are no suspects for the Mohammadija, no Press TV said that the type of explosives shows some methods of intelligence services, &quot;primarily Mossad.&quot; The fact is, however, that some authorities loyal clerics in Iran recently called for the removal of undesirable professors from universities in the meantime, the five hundred pro-government demonstrators attacked the opposition leader Mehdi Karroubija even zapucavši on it.
 As for the nuclear dispute between Iran and the West - the U.S., France and Britain last month have severely threatened sanctions if Tehran does not immediately agree to all the UN resolutions, and General David Petraeus, the U.S. military commander in the region, said the weekend that it &quot;would be irresponsible if the U.S. Army would not be prepared for a possible military intervention in Iran.&quot;
 