The visit of Pope Benedict XVI XVIII Spain. apostolic journey Pope Benedict XVI On Friday, 5 November, sent to your XVIII. apostolic journey, a two-day visit to Spain, where he visited the cities of Santiago de Compostela and Barcelona. At the international airport of Santiago de Compostela Holy Father was welcomed by representatives of the local community, church and military authorities and Prince Philip and his wife Letizia. In his short address to the successor of Peter, said: &quot;Like a Servant of God Pope John Paul II., Who is here inspired the Old Continent to revive its Christian roots, and I want to encourage Spain and Europe to build their present and future, starting from preparing the truth about man, of freedom that respects the truth, of justice for all, starting with the poorest and the excluded. Spain and Europe do not have to worry only about the material needs of people but also on moral and social, spiritual and religious, because they all are the true reality of a comprehensive needs of man, and only so effectively for his true good. &quot;Being a witness of the risen Christ, the Pope After addressing his way to the shrine, where the tomb of Saint James.
 Those present said that the condition for real freedom sincere search for truth, for freedom and truth can not be separated. &quot;By faith we are introduced to the mystery of the love of the Holy Trinity, shielded and transformed by the love of God,&quot; said Pope, adding that faith is not only connected to the church and church yard, but it must be authentic and at work, at home and in civic life. At the end of the speech he encouraged those present to witness the risen Christ and the faithful on the path of holiness. After lunch with the Spanish cardinals and bishops, and escort, the Holy Father presided at the main square mass. In his homily he said that Christianity is not based on human initiative, but to God. &quot;Serving our brothers and sisters is important, therefore, component life of Christ&#39;s followers and disciples. This service is not measured by worldly standards direct, apparent because of the material and makes present God&#39;s love for every person in every dimension of his, &quot;said Benedict XVI, stressing the need to open Europe to cooperate with God and God&#39;s grace for human dignity, because the last time conventional wisdom that God is against man and his freedom.
 At the end of the first day of the Pope from Santiago de Compostela went to Barcelona. Significant long history of waiting, work and generosity of the second day, 7 November, the successor of Peter, he met with King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia in front of the Church of the Holy Family, whose dedication to the peak of the Pope&#39;s stay in Spain. In the solemn celebration of the Pope consecrated the altar of the church and gave the title under the basilica, on which the decree was read by Cardinal Sistach. At the beginning of his homily, said that this was &quot;a significant history of long waiting, work and generosity, which lasts more than a century&quot;, recalling all those who contributed to the construction of the church, especially in the construction of the founders of Antonio Gaudi, &quot;the genius architect and a consistent Christian, whose faith shone a torch until the end of his life, lived in dignity and absolute humility. &quot; Explaining the meaning of the consecration of the church, the Holy Father said: &quot;At the heart of the world, the sight of God and men, in a humble and joyful act of faith, the vast amount of the substance, the fruit of nature and the immense effort of the human mind, which was filed this artwork is a visible sign of invisible God, in whose rise to fame of these towers, which bear witness to the absoluteness of the arrows light of Him who is light, glory and beauty.
 Gaudí wanted to unite the inspiration as a man, a believer and an architect, drew out three great books: Nature, Scripture and liturgy. Thus, the unified reality of the world and history of salvation, revealed in Scripture and is represented in the liturgy. The sacred edifice was brought rocks, trees and human life, that all things participate in the glory of God. &quot;Preaching to the Pope ended up making an appeal for the protection of marriage and family, because it is inextricably bound men and women of the foundation of human life. &quot;The Church calls for adequate economic and social measures by which the women could be fully realized in his dome and in the workplace, the state effectively support couples who want a family, to pursue the protection of the child in his sanctity and inviolability of the moment of conception &quot;The Holy Father concluded, noting that the Church opposes any form of denial of human life. Caritas is a sign of Christians is the successor of Peter, after lunch and short breaks in nadbiskupskoj palace, visited the Catholic Institute, which care for children with severe disabilities Nen Deu in Barcelona.
 There he was warmly greeted superior of the Society of S. Maria Rosario, and two children. Izopćivanje condemning social ill is disabled, the Pope warned that the technological and medical advances must always respect the lives and dignity of man. &quot;In difficult economic times, the Church must uvišestručiti their solidarity and thus clearly demonstrate that the Caritas trademark of the Christians is,&quot; said the Holy Father. Just before takeoff from the airport in Barcelona, at the end of a two-day visit to Spain, the Pope met Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero. In his speech at the funeral ceremony filed an appeal for a return to Christian roots of Europe. &quot;Have faith finds new strength on this continent becomes a source of inspiration, in solidarity and service to everyone, especially those in need,&quot; said the Holy Father, saying goodbye to the audience with the announcement of his arrival next year in Madrid to celebrate World Youth Day.
 KT / KTA
 