Photo Reuters Crobex related news at noon was to gain 0.94 percent to 1865 points, while CROBEX10 strengthened 0.6 percent to 985 points. Regular turnover amounted to about seven million, approximately five million more than yesterday at this time. &quot;Something more traffic today, thank you share the Atlantic Group, which is achieved by noon nearly five million. The rest of the market, but the usual story - there is no significant shift. Positive impulses coming from the European market, stock market,&quot; said broker and investment adviser at investment firm Capital Finesa Stephanie Nara. Shares of Atlantic group was achieved by noon 4.8 million kuna, while its price is strengthened 3.6 percent to HRK 738.5. Below are the shares of HT, which has achieved 1.2 million kuna, and the price it has stagnated at HRK 256.8. The nearest one million transactions a share of the Adriatic oil pipeline, the generated more than 500,000 kuna, where her bid to strengthen 2.6 percent to 2630 kuna.
 And after the morning&#39;s Asian growth index, and European stock markets are the key indices to gain, and to about 1.5 percent. &quot;On foreign exchanges still prevail more cheerful mood, largely thanks to increasing purchasing managers&#39; index Management of Chinese industry, which indicates that the slowing rate of growth of industrial activity in the second largest world economy is coming back to their increase. Also, the index of supply management in the industry eurozone was better than expected, &quot;says Nara. Eurozone purchasing managers&#39; index, compiled by a company to collect and analyze data Markit, in August fell to 55.1 points, from 56.7 points in July, but the above estimates of economists, who expected his descent to 55 points. &quot;The new guidelines will give investors today release the index manager of supply management in American industry, tomorrow&#39;s communication session with the European Central Bank, and on Friday a report on employment in the United States.
 How is next week on Wall Street, poor in terms of macroeconomic publications, it is possible to calm the volatility of share prices on world markets, &quot;says Nara.&gt;&gt;&gt; The text of the pending start of trading can be read here
 