Here you lipi so I can judge what is the matter: &quot;Jews should be considered as a nation, but not as a religious group. They are the nations in the middle of our nation. Personality whole villages kidnap Jews, they have established serfdom, they are right flock of ravens . Poverty caused by the Jews, does not derive from an individual Jew, what is the essence of the whole nation. They are like caterpillars and grasshoppers that eat France. The Jews are a nation ready for the most horrendous crimes. &quot;Napoleon (emperor of France, 1769 - 1921)&quot; Ma anywhere in the country, which is inhabited by Jews, regardless of their number, they lower its morale, commercial integrity, isolate it and prevent assimilation. If they are to me via the Constitution does not exclude from the United States, then in less than 100 years they will rush in large quantities, will take a peak and devour the land and change our form of governance. If they do not switch off, then for less than 200 years our descendants will work in the fields, supporting them while they will rub their hands in the office.
 I warn you, if you turn off the Jews forever, your children will curse you in my grave. &quot; Benjamin Franklin (1706 - 1790), &quot;NY Times&quot; 8 March 1925). &quot;Submit to the control 50 wealthiest Jewish financiers who financed the wars for personal income, and war will disappear.&quot; Henry Ford, American automobile industry authority and writer, 1863 - 1947 &quot;No need to exaggerate the role played by international Jewish-atheist in the creation of Bolshevism and their participation in the Russian revolution. More than that, the main inspiration and driving power comes from Jewish leaders. In the Soviet institutions, the dominance of the Jews was more than devastating. And a major part in implementing the system of terror, committed Jews and in some cases, a Jewish woman. Such devilish Jews have achieved fame at the time of terror, when Hungary was ruled by Bela Kuhn. Winston Churchill, English statesman, resignation in the House of Representatives 1919 5:11
 &quot;We see from experience, that the hatred of Jewish peoples of the principle of survival.&quot; Baruch de Spinoza, a Jewish philosopher, &quot;Approaching the victory of Judaism over all the nations of the world.&quot; Arthur Trebisch, Jewish writer, &quot;The Jews are parasites on other peoples and their land, no country or awe of anything, and to them, although the lack, helping improve the world, maybe better, than some positive qualities.&quot; Arthur Schopenhauer, German philosopher, &quot;The stage we can not imagine ancient or modern character, was he a hero or lover, played by a Jew, and that inadvertently not feel that such a design is inappropriate and ridiculous. &quot;Richard Wagner, German composer,&quot; The whole world is certainly not the people who would be so complained of his fate, humiliation, suffering, martyrdom, as the Jews. I figured the man that really are not the Jews who managed in Europe, managing stock, politics, morality of a state.
 And what would have happened in Russia, not three million Jews but Russians and eighty million Jews? What would be the Russians? Would not they immediately turned into slaves? And worse: they would not and goat ogulili? Would not it be a completely weed out, destroyed? &quot;Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Russian novelist,&quot; there is no absolute Jewish soul. It is therefore not surprising that in the Old Testament there is no belief in the immortality of the soul. How will someone who has no soul to feel the need for its immortality? For Jews there is no genuine mysticism, if you omit let prejudice and interpretive magic called Kabbalah. Jewish monotheism with no true faith in God, nothing to do. &quot;Otto Weininger, the Jewish philosopher&quot; because of its ability to distort things, the Jews are most dangerous nation in the world povijesti.Svojim activities they are so blinded humanity that today even the Christian may feel anti-Semitism not realizing that he himself is a logical consequence of Judaism. &quot;Friedrich Nietzsche, German philosopher This is a choice of only part of the statement.
 On the net you can find more like them and I&#39;ve found. Are the statements I have not checked the authentic and if anyone can deny the quotes I would be grateful to him because they simply do not want to believe that these are listed below actually uttered that they have imposed.
 