The two Koreas have argued over maritime boundaries in the yellow sea. Two of Korea&#39;s slow around the sea border in the yellow sea in the area where the incident occurred in March in which sank a South Korean warship Cheonan killing 46 sailors. Based on the findings of an international investigation, Seoul official said that North Korean forces torpedirao her corvette Cheonan, as Pyongyang refuses. North Korean President Kim Jong-Il has put the army in a state of alert since the Seoul threatened to North Korea have to pay the price &#39;South Korea&#39;s sinking ship, according to North Korean defectors. The order was issued Thursday, the day of publication of the conclusions of an international investigation to directly accuse the North for the incident, said the North Korean defection association headquartered in South Korea, North Korea Intellectual Solidarity (NKIS), that on Tuesday passed a South Korean media. South Korean secret service told that they will verify this information.
 As stated NKIS, North Korea&#39;s deputy minister for national defense O Kuk-Ryol told the radio that Kim Jong-Il has put the army in a state of preparedness. ˝ America and South Korea want us to take revenge drawing us into the incident with the ship Cheonan. It is a conspiracy of America, Japan and South Korea in order to isolate us and destroy ˝, said minister&#39;s deputy, according to a source who claims NKIS. Police and reserve military band as they get command to train their uniforms. South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak said on Monday interruption of trade relations with the North. But will continue to send humanitarian aid to children and support for the Kaesong industrial complex in the north, but it is funded by Seoul. South Korea will be in addition to North Korean merchant ships to close maritime corridors to the south. North Korea rejects any responsibility for the incident and claimed that Seoul was &#39;planted&#39; evidence and that the two countries are now &#39;close to war&#39;.
 (TIP / Hina)
 