It should be clear that Croatia is an independent and sovereign state, which consequently leads to foreign policy that is in the best national interest. About these things does not make sense to argue and argue, if someone is not clear. What is worth thinking is that this is the best foreign policy for Croatia at this moment in history, and to preserve its independence, but in every way to strengthen the nation as a whole. Certainly, in international relations, we know that after our interests, we must find those whose interests correspond with our interests. This is the best guarantee for the alliance in international politics. It is also a reality and that in the world, has several big powers with their big interests, so it should first look at the geopolitical situation of interest and appropriate to act accordingly. Here we have the U.S. and the EU (which, in essence, through the freemasonry at the strategic level managed UK) as a great power with which we can not have virtually no interest because they are conforming to the aggressive imperialist expansion as opposed to all nation states, which they find themselves on the road, and especially against a predominantly Catholic Croatian nation.
 At the moment Croatia option of independence and survival of the nation is incompatible with the Anglo-American conquest of territories and the option of redesigning the social identity and Christian faith. On the contrary, we must pursue policies that will resist these tendencies from the West to integrate us into their neopogansko realm of new age. If a major and imminent threat coming from the west, then one should look to the east. There&#39;s Russia as a great power that has its interests and those interests collide with the interests of the United States and Great Britain or the EU, for now anyway. It&#39;s a good thing for us. It would be bad to the contrary. One of the most fundamental conflict is a struggle over strategic position in the sense that Russia wants a surround and squeeze as much, and, naturally, that Russia wants to get away from that restraint in the corner. Here we now perform, Croatia, with its geopolitical position as we have it. Or, better yet, what God has given us.
 Croatia with his position a lot to do, a basic prerequisite for all is to have national sovereignty. We have the disposal of its sovereignty what Russia badly needs - out of the environment as Russia as the country emerges from Hartland ring only when there is access to warm waters. To reach the warm sea, Russia is practically no other options but a Adriatic Sea and the eastern Adriatic coast. And she was ours. There were some so-called projection. Big jump&#39;&#39;in the South&#39;&#39;and an alternative exit to the warm seas of Russia over Iran, but it is clear that this is not true and that essentially goes contrary to Russian national interests come into conflict with the great Iranian people, who stand in the way that option. Another alternative is to break through Turkey to the Mediterranean, but it is equally unrealistic and virtually impossible. That remains out over the Adriatic Sea as it is an option that Russia is attainable, or, at least at least impossible to perform.
 Russia is well aware of the importance of the Adriatic, and it would mean to go out on a warm sea, and this is in addition to the Mediterranean, central sea. This means Anglo-American side, and therefore pushed Croatia into NATO, because Russia wants to get out, so they Anglo-America wants to block. Russia is currently positioned over Serbia, but it is also practically lost the battle for the Russians as the Greater Serbia, forcing her to be in the interests of just doing what corresponds to the Anglo-Americans. Namely, when the area over which Russia would want to break the blockade in a state of conflict, but only to a state of conflict, war and insecurity is a blockade of Russia. For this reason, the position of a sovereign and independent Croatian gives us a strong trump card because then the hand holding the ramp and our commitment to the open or down. Russia needs us more than we do them and it is a good starting positions. Russia is our natural ally in international relations, of course, if Russia does not lead to a suicidal policy, and working against yourself.
 Neither it can not be excluded, because stupidity is always possible and often practiced, only to be known. In our example in the last decade, it is best seen. Croatia is more important than Serbia&#39;s geopolitical and strategic assessment of the interests of big powers, especially Russia. Croatia has a coastline, its islands and the sea, a river is a hidden jewel in the crown of the Croatian state independence. To be a reliable ally of Russia&#39;s interest to be stable and stronger as compared to the attempts of Anglo-Americans to bring this area into a state of destabilization and chaos in which Russia has been blocked. To him who is in his interest to be stable will not allow Serbia to step across the Drina River and hence the area entered a permanent instability in at least the next hundred years. This interest is precisely the other hand, Anglo-American, and because we can see how their agents perform the job. It is not difficult to recognize them, have them on all sides, and they showed that, directly or indirectly representing the Serbian policy of crossing the Drina River, which is something that is not a wise policy of Croatia can not agree.
 In all, gather your role is a world power such as Germany. True, castrated force, but force. And Vol is the force, although it is not bull. Thus, Germany. And Croatia has to play on that map the interests of Germany as a world power because of those who will represent our interests, never too much. As Russia and Germany have an interest to get out into the Mediterranean and it is again as Russia only through the Croatian realistically achievable. Also, unless we have the Adriatic and the Danube, and we are so connected with the industrial heart of Europe. There, in a European center, the Germans valuable and hard work really good stuff they sell around the world and what interests them is faster and cheaper to deliver them, and install what they need. It can go all over the Croatian. From Rijeka Sisak over the Danube at Vukovar. It is therefore in the interest of Germany to Croatia to be stable and strong so that we can not disturb anyone and thus jeopardize the listed busy line.
 And now, just need a little mućnuti head and realize that the two great powers in the interests of the match on the way to the excellent fit to our interests - which is what matters most. At least for us. A wise policy would be one that would benefit from this knowledge in a way to Dubrovnik Republic masterfully used for its prosperity and welfare. No need here to discover the hot water. Everything is already known. Again we return to the question of will, political will, strength and character of development of those who run the country as well as their intellect. If you have a moral and wise, then Croatia will build on this position, paperclip Russia and Germany, the merger of their interests, and that the merger is more than respectable Anglo-American side, thereby liberated successful diplomacy of imperial assault from that side of the mighty and powerful force What is the Anglo-American and which threatens to destroy us their highly developed methods of warfare soft power.
 After all, how is the Anglo-American interests threatening any cooperation and alliance between Russia and Germany, Henry Kissinger wrote: &quot;to any country is not a goal that Germany and Russia become major partners or main rivals. If these two countries are becoming too close, there is danger condominium, in the case of quarrels and conflicts between them, Europe could find itself in an even more serious crisis. And America and Europe is to avoid conflicts of interest and unbridled competition of the national policy of Germany and Russia in the heart of Europe. Without American aid, Britain and France can not maintain political balance in Western Europe - in Germany could again strengthen nationalist tendencies, and Russia in this case would not have a global station. Without close ties with Europe, America could and psychologically, as well as the geographical and geopolitical become the island away from the coast of Europe. &quot; (&quot;Diplomacy&quot;, pp.
 774). Need to know to read between the lines here, as they say, but it is not difficult to see how the fear of the possibility that Russia and Germany are united in partnership. Croatia is ideal, and I would say God-given, a position that is a kind of mediator in this partnership and in the mediation take an meet its national interests. The bottom line is once again an old story that, unfortunately, always will be repeated because we live in Croatia where the political nomenclature is dominated by the dialectic of servitude: independence can only benefit themselves to fight, and there is no greater benefit than to be free. Our country and our prices have more freedom as it has no price. On the other hand, without national unity not our freedom, not us or the liberation. There is no way other than to Croats and the cross to accept the job of national survival that do belong. Author: Mark Francišković related content Comments (0) Post Comment You must have a Facebook account and be logged in to post a comment.
 