Author: Goran Beckett Published: 26.05.2010 The authorities say that all the dead civilians were armed men, but within the &quot;fourth war&quot; people point out that the army after the attack &quot;did not chose her victims&#39; KINGSTON - Jamaican security forces captured the stronghold of a gang leader who is wanted United States, but only after the clashes killed 44 civilians. Officers and soldiers in some parts of town still struggling with security guards Christopher Coke, better known as &#39;Dudus&#39;. It is still on the run after three days of street fighting. RELATED NEWS News Bishop Herr Blair, the most influential Evangelical pastor in Jamaica, told the news agency The Associated Press that according to independent estimates from the conflicts in West Kingston, killing 44 people. Police reported that stadala killed and at least four soldiers and a policeman. Jamaican Prime Minister Bruce Golding has promised an investigation carried out about the death of civilians and to find those responsible.
 Blair and the public defender with great security escort visited Tivoli Gardens, Kingston part where they started gathering Dudusovi supporters after Prime Minister Golding broke the nine-month refusal to extradite Christopher Coke USA. Coke is associated Goldingovom Workers&#39; Party of which the prime minister received many votes from areas of Tivoli Gardens. The prime minister on Tuesday said he was &quot;was overwhelmed intensity conflict &#39;that have hit the Jamaican capital. - The Government regrets the terrible loss of innocent lives in the crossfire. Security forces have been instructed to do everything to collateral damage to a minimum - Golding explained, adding that the investigation will reveal all the reasons for deaths caused by security forces already have a &#39;reputation&#39; quick on the trigger. He also pointed out that the police and Vojko go for every armed criminal in whatever society was. Authorities say that all the dead civilians were armed men, but within the &quot;fourth war&quot; people point out that the army and police after the attack &quot;did not chose the victims.&quot;
 While the U.S. government Dudus one of the most dangerous drug lords in the world, for the local population on the kind of God that gives people what they do not receive from the government, such as contributions to the children. The unrest began last week, when the government approved the extradition request Dudusa in the U.S., on charges of smuggling drugs and weapons. Violence are not affected tourist soft on the northern shores of the island, about 160 kilometers from Kingston, but the authorities are afraid of the impact of conflict on the tourism perspective. Number of recommendations: 4 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 