by Muammer &quot;14 Jul 2010 16:14 Fidel Castro: Iran is preparing for a conflict for 30 years of conflict caused by the nuclear activities of Iran and North Korea could turn into a nuclear war, warned the Castro and accused Washington, not Pyongyang to sink the South Korean war ship in Cheonan martuBivši Cuban leader Fidel Castro appeared on Cuban television, the first time since he got sick four years ago, accusing the United States to encourage the tensions that can lead to nuclear war with Iran and North Korea, CNN reported from Havana. Osamdesettrogodišnji Castro is the one-hour show called &quot;Round Table&quot; talked about the possibility that the conflict caused by the nuclear activities of Iran and North Korea develops a nuclear war, about which he wrote in his newspaper column on Monday. Castro blamed Washington, not Pyongyang for the sinking of a warship Cheonan South Korea in March, which killed 46 sailors.
 The incident was orchestrated to boost the conflict in the region, he said. Former Cuban leader said he was disappointed that China and Russia have not vetoed the resolution the UN Security Council on additional sanctions against Iran over its alleged illicit nuclear program. Iran, in his words, preparing for a conflict for 30 years. If the U.S. attacked Iran, it will encounter a resistance that is not similar to anything they have experienced in Iraq, &quot;said Castro. - There can not be avoided to become a nuclear war, said. Dressed in a dark blue tracksuit and a T-shirt, Castro has worked quite recovered, unlike previous photos from the hospital and spoke slowly and softly but clearly. Occasionally he paused in his speech, as if searching for words. I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: Castro: U.S. encouraged by nuclear tensions Muamer »14 Oct 2010 16:19 Selam Alejkum, is certain that the prognosis for Castro real svjsno America goes to war against an entire world and not to any country that you live freely on their nacin.Iran is a big country and it can mobilirati lot vojnikaa might work to make a nuclear bomb, which could create even more complications and make the eventual U.S. intervention samoubilackom.Amerika not to make peace in the region rather than constantly Huska Israel on Iran and thinks that the time to make Iran nervous they get hugely varaju.Iran is ready for war and if you look at Afghanistan which killed American soldiers every day then this will be a third of what Americans will experience at Iran.
  I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: Castro: U.S. encouraged by nuclear tensions Muamer »17 Jul 2010 14:17 Fidel Castro warned of the threat of nuclear war leader of the Cuban revolution, Fidel Castro warned the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of their countries that nuclear war poses a serious threat, rasvijetlivši reasons in the past ten days for the fifth time appeared in public. Castro sudden reappearance, since four years ago has withdrawn from public life due to health problems, launched a series of questions about his intentions, but the message of the former leader was clear - a devastating war is near, if the United States, along with Israel, an attempt to enforce international sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program and the country. Castro believes that the U.S. will attack North Korea, for the same reason, Reuters quoted. &quot;The United States is found in insoluble dilemma in the Middle East.
 I can not go there, and I can not stay. They referred to this situation will not come out through diplomatic means, but the strength of their weapons, &quot;said Castro in a speech to a group of 115 Cuban ambassador. Castro (83) withdrew from public life after emergency surgery in July 2006. And then handed over power to his younger brother , current Cuban President Raul Castro. Castro for the first time in four years appeared live on television on July 13 in contact program &quot;Round Table&quot;, in which he talked about the relationship with North Korea and Iran. On that occasion he warned Washington not to attack Iran, which he said was, unlike Iraq, is not easy to defeat militarily, transfer agency. FENA I musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: Castro: U.S. encourage nuclear tensions by Muammer &quot;17 Jul 2010 14:25 Perhaps Fidel Castro is right, because every day in North Korea and Iran working on nuclear technology and the improving mzda at making nuclear weapons, because if so then it is created by force of circumstance and on the grounds that America is threatening these two countries and introduces them sankcije.Takodjer right Fidel Castro when he says that America will not easily overcome, because Iran is on a large space can mobilize a lot vojnika.Sto Regarding North Korea, my estimation is that America will not dare to attack North Korea because Korea is the border with China, and have traditionally good relations to the U.S. entry into war with North Korea may be similar to the Vietnam War.
 I think America is strategically important North Korea from Iran that its strength &quot;threat&quot; to Israel so that Israel insists on non-stop military intervention in Iranu.Iran the last obstacle to the Muslim countries that America has so it will be very difficult to assess whether America is ready to attack Iran. Otherwise to note that America is to blame for terrorism in the world because of support for Israel one of the Muslims turned back and began to engage in terrorist aktivnostima.Samo origin of the problem is Palestine, because they are not Muslims so humiliated in Palestine would not be all that terorizma.Prema while America is supporting Israel, will be featured and terrorism because America has an interest which supports Izrael.Postoje two assumptions namely that the U.S. interest in origin Crusader Jerusalem so as not to fall into the hands of Muslims and others is that the United States via Israel wants to control the Islamic countries in the region .
 I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: Castro: U.S. encouraged by nuclear tensions TAMAR »17 Jul 2010 17:32 IRIB - Various political and religious organizations in Iran from the Sunni and Shiite populations are condemned last terrorist attack in Zahedan, the administrative center of the province of Sistan and Balučistan IR Iran in the southeast, and was confirmed by foreign role in this crime, especially the role of the United States. Two explosions on Thursday evening in front of the Central Mosque in Zahedan rocked the entire city at a time while inside the mosque taught dova &quot;Kumejl&quot; to mark the birth anniversary of Imam Hussein, the third Shiite Imam and Hazrat Abul Fadl, his brother, peace be upon them. In these explosions that killed at least 27 persons, while about 300 were wounded and injured. In response to this terrorist act, imams Džuma spread from the Sunni and Shiite religious direction, the leaders of tribal groups in Sistan and Balučistanu, representatives of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Sapaha Pasdaran, as well as representatives of the Parliament of the Islamic Republic of Iran have condemned the terrorist attack in Zahedan, and urged citizens to greater vigilance and caution before the enemy conspiracies.
 General Hussein Salam, deputy in chief Iranian Sepah Pasdaran Revolutionary Guards during the speech before hutba Džuma prayers, condolences on the occasion of the Shahadah by 27 citizens caused by the Israeli and U.S. intelligence system, pointed out that this type of activity will never enter the rift between Sunnis and Shiites in this part of Iran. United States, with the support of terrorist groups Riga and vandals that part of Iranian territory, trying to bring chaos and unrest in the frontier parts of Iran and to initiate conflict and division among the followers of Shia and Sunni religious direction. Muhammad Shah-Bakhš, leader of a large clan-Bakhš Shah and Yusuf Naru, Naru clan leader in the province of Sistan and Balučistan, in addition to the conviction of a terrorist act in Zahedan stressed that the United States and other imperialist world, various methods such as bribery and the expansion of their appetite, make more effort to a throw of instability in the region.
 &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Last edited by Tamara on 17 Jul 2010 18:08, edited 2 times in total. &quot;Islam survive the Majesty and the blessings of faith Shi&#39;ia&quot; Mousavi Ruhullah Hz.Imam Khomenin (KS) TAMAR Full Member Posts: 171 Joined: 13 May 2010 22:44 Location: Castro: U.S. encouraged by nuclear tensions TAMAR »17 Jul 2010 17:33 ......... Abdul-Malik Rigi, leader of the group terroističke prior to the execution of the death penalty, in a television program on several occasions confirmed the existence of ties with U.S. intelligence agencies, like the CIA and other activists in the North Atlantic military alliance forces in Afghanistan. Borudžerdi Alaeddin, chairman of the National Security and Foreign Policy of the Parliament of IR Iran, the Israeli Zionist regime and its patrons called the chief perpetrators of the terrorist attack in Zahedan, adding: &quot;Israel&#39;s intelligence agency, the United States and certain western countries on a variety of ways to help carry out terrorist attacks in Middle Eastern countries. &quot; Abdul-Hamid Ismail Zehi, I have hatib Džuma Nazam Mecca mosque from the Sunni population in Zahedan hutba condemned this terrorist attack, saying that it is a work that is outside šeriata-vjerozakonika.
 Muhammad Karami-Rad, a member of the national security and foreign policy of the Parliament of the Islamic Republic of Iran stressed the great efforts of enemies of the Islamic Revolution in inserting instability in border regions, and explained that the terrorist activities, contrary to the intentions of their perpetrators or principals, in turn contributing to strengthening jedisntva and solidarity of Iranian nation. He recalled that once again became clear and sinister executioner&#39;s hand by American and NATO factor in terrorist attacks in the east of Iran, and that this time the United States should directly responsible for this attack ..
 ***************************** 3 days but this dogadzaj, no one apart from forumasa Muammar, Dag accuse zlocinski this case, where Saud is that other than the viceroy&#39;s True jlude unknown, but why now silent, or muje glad, so where are the other heroes of one hundred here many times raised the dust, all silent now, There is a hadith of the Prophet (saw) shutnja of truth is the same as the devil one hundred silent! or wait for more blood? Saude, when I turn the viceroy? because I know that the body hard, little body easier now that there is no true man with solid evidence! &quot;MAESTRAL&quot; It is easier to you with this as the dust rise Wehabosa because they are not dangerous for you! They only bark nemoze nothing to do or they celebrate this day, he was surrounded by Mistral, and such people by the time it, now I am sure Tweak Some of Allah cursed and humiliated anyone who diminishes their value, or God forbid, is considered infidels . Last edited by Tamara on 17 Jul 2010 18:14, edited 2 times in total.
 &quot;Islam survive the Majesty and the blessings of faith Shi&#39;ia&quot; Mousavi Ruhullah Hz.Imam Khomenin (KS) TAMAR Full Member Posts: 171 Joined: 13 May 2010 22:44 Location: Castro: U.S. encouraged by nuclear tensions Muamer »17 Jul 2010 18:08 Selam Alejkum, it is possible that in this attack involved fingers CIAe.Pouzdano America and is known to Riga was CIAin man and that should serve to destabilize Irana.Sve in everything Allah will help orthodox believers, and shall in this and future svijetu.Allah gave Paradise killed in a suicide attack at a mosque in the city Zahedan.Amin. In the first moment when the crime occurred in the town of Zahedan, I thought that it was a CIAinim offense and that America wants to destabilize over Dzundullaha Iran.Ali then immediately followed by a reaction where the U.S. administration Kinton Hillary and Obama expressed regret over this event in this event compared with the actions of Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Iraku.Obama is a bit hypocritical to say that we live in a peaceful world where there is not such djesavati stvari.Ponovicu several times that America is to blame for everything that djesava in the Islamic world and that it is supporting Israel destabilizes The Islamic world and humiliate the Palestinians and blocked Gazu.Sve would be good if not American hypocrisy and cooperation with Israel, which wants to attack even Iran.U these words, the U.S. administration, I thought that maybe America wanted to change the attitude towards Iran and that Iran aside from terrorists who sow death in Afghanistan, Iraq and America Somaliji.Ipak not believe and I think that Iran should be unity than it was and that Sunnis and Siije in Iran should be zajedno.Krivci for this event should be found and be summarily hanged .
 Last edited by Muamer on 17 Jul 2010 18:28, edited 2 times in total. I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: Castro: U.S. encouraged by nuclear tensions TAMAR »17 Jul 2010 18:15 Muammer wrote: Selam Alejkum, may have been involved in this attack America and fingers CIAe . It is known that Riga was CIAin man and that should serve to destabilize Irana.Sve in everything Allah will help orthodox believers, and shall be punished in this life and hereafter. POSSIBLE? &quot;Islam survive the Majesty and the blessings of faith Shi&#39;ia&quot; Mousavi Ruhullah Hz.Imam Khomenin (KS) TAMAR Full Member Posts: 171 Joined: 13 May 2010 22:44 Location: Castro: U.S. encouraged by nuclear tensions Muamer »17 Jul 2010 18:33 I have only one exception that I support Al Sababa in Somalia, which should take power over all of Somalia and declared Somalia Islamic Republikom.Druga thing is that it is possible to say that America and the CIA were involved in bombings in Iran since the American administration is now responded and expressed regret over the casualties in Iran and compared with Al Dzundallah Kaidom.Da Is this hypocrisy or not America is to be seen as events in Iraq tell us that Al Qaeda is not a friendly against Iran and Siijama.
 The third thing is that America does not justify because it is wrong for all the evil that djesava time it supports Israel, which humiliates the Muslims in Palestine for many years to kill them and keep blokadi.Da not in Palestine would not have appeared even terrorism. I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers. Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Location: Castro: U.S. encouraged by nuclear tensions Muamer »17 Jul 2010 21:52 I have one request for Suada.Zelio would be Maestral lift ban permanent and to be unlocked how could I write to forumu.Kad suggested that the Mistral banuje I thought it to be temporary, around 14 dana.Zato, I hope you will have an understanding Suad because Mistral has been active in this forum and wrote a komentare.Ipak not Mistral does not mean that you could get another ban if he violated the norms of this forum. If the decision is sacrosanct then Mirim with the decision of the administration. I&#39;m musliman.Svi Muslims are brothers.
 Muamer Hero Member Posts: 660 Joined: 21 Jul 2009 17:33 Top Post a reply 11 posts • Page 1 of 1 Return to Who is online Users browsing this forum: Yahoo [Bot] and 0 guests
 