Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (Eng. &quot;Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot;) is a film from 2000. year, originated in the US-China-Taiwan-Hong Kong production. The film is based on the traditional Chinese &quot;Wuxi&quot; genre (martial arts and chivalry). Excited about the opportunity to realize his childhood dream, director Ang Lee brought a film crew from Taiwan, Hong Kong and China. The film has experienced amazing success in the world. Dialogues with Chinese and English subtitles, the film has become a very successful foreign film in many countries, including the United States and the United Kingdom, and the Oscars it was nominated for Best Film, Best Foreign Language Film and Best Director as well as in other categories. He won the Oscar for best foreign film in three technical categories, two Golden Globes, three BAFTA awards and many others. The success of &quot;Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot; was inspired by renowned Asian filmmakers such as Zhang Yimou and Chen Kaige Wuxi to shoot films for Western audiences.
 He was elected the best film of the decade (the period from 2000th to 2009th) in the choice of the Croatian Film Critics, published in the Jutarnji list. [1] [edit] Plot The film takes place during the sunset of Chinese Qing dynasty, around 1800. year. Martial artist Li Mu Bai is planning to retire. Its a very valuable sword, which is called &quot;Green destiny,&quot; wants to give his friend Sir Te. The sword was made by Sir Teuovu palace, Li Mu Baiji friend Yu Shu Lien, who also handled a great martial arts. Between the two of them there is affection and secretly in love. Mysterious thief stole a sword from Sir Teuove palace. Li Mu Bai and Yu Shu Lien decided to find it. Was initially suspected Emerald Fox, which is already notorious for the murder of Li Mu Baiji friends. But the sword is stolen by a young noblewoman yen. She is in the desert bandits Lo Hisao Huoa, but should marry each other in a pre-arranged marriage and nametnutnom.
 Jen is a surprisingly well in martial arts. Lo Hisao Huo Jenin comes to the wedding and asks her to go with him, but he refuses. Yu Shu Lien inform the yen, the Lo Hisao Hou waiting in a safe. Between the two of them fight breaks out. Jen, thanks to the sword, &quot;Green destiny&quot; had little more success, but the fight was fairly uniform. Appears Li Mu Bai who wins the fight yen. Jen offers to pass on their side, but she refuses. Li Mu Bai&#39;s sword thrown over the falls. The yen jumped after him. Saved her from drowning the Emerald fox. There was a fight between Li and Mui Baia Emerald Fox, who was killed in the fighting, wounding Mui Li Baiji. Jen goes to look for an antidote to Li Mu Baijevu wound. Meanwhile, Li Mu Bai dies at the hands of Yu Shu Lien and declares her love before he dies. Jen is too late to back with an antidote. Sword &quot;Green destiny&quot; was returned to Sir Te. Jen meets Lo Hisao Hu and spending a night together.
 The other day, Jen said to him that his wish, as she stood at the edge of a cliff. He replied, that he wanted to be together. The yen jumped off a cliff among the clouds. [Edit] Sources Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tigar_i_zmaj_ (2000)&quot; Categories: Chinese films | Films 2000-ih | Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film
 