News that definitely marked the last weekend in the world is the news that the Qur&#39;an, however, and burned it to the ninth anniversary of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington. It all began the intent of a small church in Florida to organize a public burning of the Koran, and a negative public reaction to the plan to build an Islamic center in New York for some are just part of the alleged &quot;rastuæeg fear of Muslims and Islam in America. &quot;Islam is a religion of Satan,&quot; said pastor Terry Jones, who had been abandoned by the public burning of the Islamic holy book, but his intentions may have led other protesters who had gathered 11th September to mark the anniversary of the attacks on the World Trade Centre to do so ... pages of the Qur&#39;an were burnt. U.S. experts report by Voice of America argue that Islamophobia exists but is mostly used on the margins of U.S. society. Experts stress that too is a logical fear that after nine years of terrorist attacks there, but this problem should not be a radical approach, there can be no confidence against Muslims and their religion, experts emphasize the fight against terrorism.
 The U.S. media has reported that many Americans want to coexistence with its neighbors and fellow citizens who are Islamic, and do not want the division between &quot;us&quot; and &quot;them.&quot; Many state that this situation will be difficult to explain to children who are still developing confidence. Todd Heffert of Maryland for the VOA said that the beauty of America just in religious differences, while there are also views of those who the religion of Islam and 11 September accused of abduction of U.S. liberty. What we emphasized the past few days, all leaders of all major religions in Washington is what said the president Barack Obama. &quot;This is a destructive gesture that is totally contrary to U.S. values,&quot; Obama said on the occasion of announcement of the public burning of the Qur&#39;an, adding, &quot;Islam does not pose a threat to America and that America was built on religious freedom and religious tolerance, &quot;Obama said on ABC television.
 Obama spread the word and the Embassy of the United States of America in BiH. Embassy emphasizes that burning pages of the Qur&#39;an could deepen the relationships between U.S. citizens of all nations and religions, could arise a new threat of terrorism still smoldering and just waiting for the right primer, a primer that would have been just this kind of a rancid 11 . September 2010. The Islamic community in Bosnia and Herzegovina too is condemning the act of burning pages of the Quran. Ekrem Tucakoviæ from the press service of the Islamic Community in BiH Source.ba said it was very uznemiravajuæe for Muslims around the world, but also for the believers of the Islamic religion in BiH. Such an act of urgency must be condemned, to be sick of this and similar ideas burning sacred letters, not only Islam but other religions sanctioned in the future.
 