After the 27th February 2005. with a record 88 points with Chelsea won the English League, Jose Mourinho in his column in Portuguese sports magazine Record on paper convey their emotions before the game at Bolton, where he will win the title. But he described the bitterness of defeat in the Champions League semi-final to Liverpool, with the headline: &quot;Champions League is not meant for us was&quot; I&#39;m in Bolton, in the locker room. I&#39;m sitting on the chest with a shirt and watch the players look good. I told them the rain, the sun, with snow, the heat in the winter, the south and north, home and abroad - have passed the 3060 minutes. After these 90, we can be champions. Be a team, harmonious group, and win! I feel that I would already be champion. Three years in a row - not bad. I felt intense energy, because this group believed in me and keeping my formula from day one. Because of them I was terribly moved. Before the match finished, I sent home a text that I champion.
 Otherwise, the father of fear, never looking at my game, I wanted to see the last two minutes before the festivities. After that we drank! Still wet from champagne, I went through the back door, stormed into a van with equipment and drove to the hotel. After dinner we watched on TV in the atmosphere on the Fulham Road and Kings Road, the neighborhood that 50 years is celebrated champion. Then came the defeat of Liverpool in the Champions League semi-finals: - We are crying because of our frustration, Liverpool out of luck. Football is, and it is human. A lot of them do not see that our professional lives more valuable than all these mighty million, the love of the profession, it is something sublime. I sealed one more curiosity in life, I lost a goal that we have received. But, fuck it, today is a day of celebration that I want to take advantage of the elderly who are 50 years waiting for Chelsea to be a champion. I want to celebrate with those who never did not win anything, or to those who, like me, winning trophies clean &#39;boneless&#39;.
 In three years coaching, I won eight trophies and stinks to me that next year will fall some more ... I fell. But, unfortunately, not the Champions League!
 