Croatian Ivica Husar soldier who was wounded in Afghanistan end of 2009. wounding a U.S. soldier, a Croatian Ministry of Defence that is a detail concealed in a statement on the distributor wounding Husar published on 31 December 2009. The fact that the distributor Husar wounded American soldier was discovered after the station Wikileaks, which calls itself the Internet whistleblowers, the public let the 90 000 pages of classified U.S. military documents about the war in Afghanistan. The dangers of war in the vast database of information about the 13 Croatian soldiers, as published by Jutarnji list. Wikileaks also reveals that the Croats were part of ISAF since 2006. so until 2009. were at least ten incidents and dangerous situations. Thus, in October 2006. Croatian soldiers secured the site of attack on Hungary patrol explosive device. They also conducted the investigation. Croatian police have returned to camp at 13:39 hours.
 In November the same year, members of the Croatian Liaison Team (OMLT) together with the American forces gave their support to allied forces that had attacked an unknown number of Taliban. End of 2007., 13 December, in a joint patrol with Afghan soldiers in Kunduz Croatian troops have encountered an improvised mine, which fortunately did not explode. Investigation and the U.S. beginning July 2009. near Mazar-e-Sharif Croatian patrol found near the Bombings. Fortunately, nobody was injured. Twenty days later, Croatian patrol and Afghan forces attacked the Taliban. After ten minutes of the attack is finished, no one was killed or wounded, but two vehicles were destroyed. In mid-August 2009. near the town of Feyzabad Croatian forces had emerged in place of the explosion was caused by a suicide bomber in order to secure the scene of the attack. Croatian Ministry of Defence has not commented on the documents published by Wikileaks, which represent the biggest leaks of classified military information.
 In the meantime, the United States began to conduct an investigation on who submitted the confidential documents about the war in Afghanistan. Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said the armed forces to do whatever is necessary in order to discover who was responsible.
 