The Irish government canceled the auctions of government debt that were supposed to take place in October and November after the yield on the 10-year old Irish government bonds rose to a record 454 basis points above Germany&#39;s benchmark, according to Bloomberg. Finance Minister Brian Lenihan said that Ireland is &#39;financially covered&#39; by mid-2011th year. Bonds maturing next year in an amount of 4.4 billion euros. For comparison, Greece maturing debt of 27 billion euros. &quot;Twenty billion who do not are due next year to buy the government time&quot;, says Jens Peter Soerensen, an analyst at Danske Bank, the largest Danish bank, who recommends investors buy the Irish treasury bills. &quot;At some point investors will compare the two percent return on German bonds and 6 percent of the Irish. I will say, &#39;buy Irish&#39;, &quot;says Soerensen. The Irish minister this week, traveling to New York to convince investors that Ireland will stabilize its financial system without a state of bankruptcy.
 State cost of rescue troubled banks could reach 50 billion euros, which promotes the care that Ireland could become the first country after Greece, which will seek to withdraw financial support from the 750 billion euro rescue fund, which in May established jointly by the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. An additional risk premium required by investors in the Irish bond, which is measured by comparison with the German government bonds, was peaking 29th September to 454 basis points over German government bonds, that after the Irish government canceled a 3 billion-euro bond issue, fell to 423 basis points. Among the so-called European periphery only of the Greek bonds have a higher risk premium on the Irish - 8 October stood at 754 basis points, while the Portuguese bonds was 399 basis points for Spanish 174 and the Italian 149th Lenihan will next month unveil its plan for reducing the budget deficit to 3 percent of GDP in 2014.
 year. Fiscal deficit this year rose to 32 percent of GDP that the government could inject funds into the banking system, ahead of the Anglo Irish Bank. Ireland has so far helped the Dublin bank with 22.9 billion euros, after it found itself in trouble because of bad loans after the collapse of the real estate market in January 2009. year. The bank would have 6.4 billion euros of additional capital and an additional 5 billion euros for possible unexpected losses. Minister Lenihan said last month that the state would take over majority shares in Allied Irish Bank. Economic analysts agree that Ireland has no alternative and that measures to reduce the budget deficit is real, but the only possible move by the Irish Government. Christopher Pryce, director of rating agency Fitch in London, to Bloomberg TV said that the Irish government had to cut costs and raise taxes by about four billion euros. &quot;It would probably be enough to maintain confidence in Ireland,&quot; said Pryce, &quot;In these circumstances it is important to impress the market.&quot;
 Risk premium on the Irish debt at the end of last week was 430 basis Peon and was 17 points lower than seventh October Greek debt premium was 727 basis points, which in Greek debt makes the costliest in Europe. National Treasury Management Agency will pay off in 2011. year, 11 percent of total debt, according to Bloomberg. Spain will pay 20 percent, Portugal 18 percent, Italy 17.5 percent. The cube is expecting to be able to rein in the budget to reduce the spread, &quot;said Alan McQuaid, chief economist at Bloxham Stockbrokers in Dublin. &quot;If they fail, they may skip a few auction early next year. But at some point will have to re-market. If you can not on the market, then you need to seek outside help, &quot;says McQuaid. Greece has the maturity of bonds in May from 8.5 billion euros to cover the 20 billion euros from the EU and the IMF, the first installment of a three-year package of financial assistance.
 For Greece, the maturity of bonds in May, a lot of pressure, while in Ireland next year to cover their maturity, according to analysts. Minister Lenihan so there is time to reduce borrowing costs or to convince investors that Ireland will pay the debts, says Soerensen from Denmark Bank. The yield on ten-year Irish bonds is 6.48 percent, while the prior six months was 4.5 percent. The Irish government has a problem if yields do not fall, but not under pressure to be tasked. Even if he seeks the help of the EU and IMF, which is unlikely, investors will be paid, says Soerensen.
 