Before the start of the Commonwealth Games. After the BBC announced the shocking images of objects which should be placed participants Commonwealth Games, the leading sporting nations, including Britain, are seriously considering withdrawing from one of the biggest sporting event in the world. Disgusting photo released by the BBC show the dirt in the bathrooms and animal cape on mattresses in the rooms where they should be placed athletes from all over the world. Although prior to any reports of unsanitary conditions in the sporting Village, these images shocked the British public. It&#39;s just part of the problem faced by organizers of the Commonwealth Games, which should be held in New Delhi, India. We say should, because the leading sporting nations taking part in this competition, including England, is seriously considering withdrawing from one of the biggest sporting event in the world.
 Photos are only further zagorčale life hosts who try to convince the world that are ready for the Commonwealth Games. However, it seems that it is not so because, for example, on Tuesday collapsed pedestrian bridge next to the Nehru Stadium, and injured several workers. Just a day later the roof collapsed in the hall where they are supposed to maintain competition in weightlifting, and it is a house which is also located in the Nehru stadium. After that incident, England in New Delhi decided to send only the precursor of 22 athletes and the head of the mission which will examine the actual state of things. England team, including Scotland, Wales, Australia, New Zealand and Canada, still is not sure whether to even compete at the Commonwealth Games, which should open 3.oktobra Prince Charles. &quot;England will not confirm their participation at the Commonwealth Games. We&#39;re still thinking that the situation in New Delhi very seriously, we are in constant touch with our head of mission and our team, and monitor developments, &quot;announced the English Committee for Commonwealth Games.
 Wales has yet to decide whether to send its national team, while Scotland will delay departure of the first group of athletes in order to obtain additional guarantees that the objects will be in the proper condition for admission of athletes. (TIP / Net.hr / Hina)
 