Author: Nadja Irene Fišić Posted: 09.10.2010 They were trapped when the fifth August collapse of the mine. Their 65 days under the earth is considered the longest in the history of miners&#39; survival. But now follows the most sensitive part - drawing on the surface of Copiapo - Rescuers were able to pierce a tunnel to the 33 Chilean miners trapped since August at a depth of 700 meters today at eight in the morning local time. After the sirens announced that the drill due to the shelter, miners, families began to celebrate. It also means to draw miners in special capsules should begin in a few days. They were trapped when the fifth August collapse of the mine. Their 65 days underground, buried in darkness, it is considered the longest in the history of miners&#39; survival. RELATED NEWS News catastrophe is still possible Rescuers drilled three tunnels to the miners, and the first successful break drill B, which came to 624 meters deep.
 Make it to the part to which miners can easily get out of their shelters. Dužnosnoci reported that everything is ready for rescue. However, saving just tunnel to the miners into the most sensitive stage. To say officials, each next step can lead to disaster. Families already celebrating - we did everything we enables technology. If God does not send an earthquake, I think everything will be fine - said Miguel Fortt, Consultant for underground rescue in the region of Atacama. Miners to the recent announcements to activate dynamite that would expand the hole with their side of the tunnel to kaspula jacket - named Phoenix - had enough room for landing. Engineers at the surface must also decide whether a capsule lined with steel pipes which would prevent the stones to fall into it and block it. Whatever you decide, must be precise. Tunnel rescue is very narrow and bumpy, which could cause further delays.
 And time may be critical. Although it is anticipated that each miner should be on the surface for 15 minutes, the question is how much it will really take time, a tank of air lasts only three hours. Testing could take days, and the Minister of Mining Laurence Golborne warned it could take between three and eight days before it goes into action pull the miners to the surface. When they heard the news that the tunnel was dug, the families of miners who have settled in the camp aptly named La Esperanza (Hope) began to celebrate. Waving Chilean flags came running up the tunnel, hugged and wept. Probdjevena night - fell to me with a stone heart because I feel that I would soon see his son - said Alicia Campos, mother of trapped miner Daniel Herrera. For families this is the first good news since the start of rescue operations, and most of them probdjela all night to monitor the drill. Rescue miners became a question of survival and government medical teams are preparing for the moment when the miners will be found again in the sun.
 Now to get sunglasses like mountaineers who climb the highest peaks, and will receive first aid before being transported to hospital by helicopters. Many miners complain of a toothache and intolerable itching. Otherwise, save the miners became a real obsession with Chilean President Sebastián Piñera and his government. Do not ask for costs, as technological and consulting. Piñera&#39;s public was growing all the time that the miners spent in dark captivity. Minister of Mining Laurence Golborne became the most popular minister, according to recent polls. Therefore, the Chilean government to rescue the miners question now and the question of survival. (NIF) Recommendation Number: 19 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 