Triumph of the Republicans is a big challenge for the administration of President Barack Obama, which will now be harder to implement their political program. The question comes to parts of the health reform, which was voted last year. But the biggest controversy is expected in terms of economic policy. Photo: AP The leader of Republicans in the House of Representatives John Boehner U.S. President Barack Obama said that his party&#39;s losses in yesterday&#39;s congressional elections reflect the deep public frustration with the troubled state of U.S. economy. At a press conference in the White House, Mr. Obama said he takes responsibility for the fact that the economic progress did not come fast enough. The president also promised to cooperate with the opposition Republicans who have won a majority in the House of Representatives of the Congress. Earlier, the Republican leaders promised to work on reducing the role of government.
 Rep. John Boehner, who is believed to be the new chairman of the House of Representatives, told reporters that the Republican majority to be the voice of the American people. His party, he continued, will renew efforts to reduce government in Washington. The new session of Congress will begin work in January. The Republicans took away the victory after a very successful election campaign marred by citizens dissatisfied with the economic situation in the country, especially the relatively high unemployment and government spending. The Republican party in the House of Representatives won at least 60 new seats, convincing more than 39 seats as the Republicans needed to win a majority. The Republican Party has won new seats in the U.S. Senate, other House of Congress, although the Democrats retain a majority, though slight. Triumph of the Republicans is a big challenge for the administration of President Barack Obama, which will now be harder to implement their political program.
 The question comes to parts of the health reform, which was voted last year. But the biggest controversy is expected in terms of economic policy. Otherwise, the president last night called the leaders of the Republican Party in Congress, among them the most likely new chairman of the House John Boehner. He congratulated them on his victory and said he would gladly cooperate in the new circumstances. In the states, elected for a total of 37 governors, one fifty. Republicans have been successful there, they won ten additional guvernerskih position, where they were Democrats until recently.
 