The new system of calculating the prices, which pushed through the U.S. and Western countries, will increase prices of all products that have steel parts ... Written by Frankie Laušić iron ore prices will jump 40 to 50 percent, and steel up to 60 percent, which will result in increase in the price of consumer products - from pins to locomotives. Until that will come due to an agreement on a new way of price fixing, which they achieved the world&#39;s largest owners of coal mines and steel mills, announced on Wednesday the London Financial Times. The growth of one hundred percent agreement between the major mining company Vale of Brazil and Anglo-Australian BHP Billiton with Japanese and Chinese steel mills lies in the abandonment of 40-year-old system based on long-term contracts and switching to a quarterly monthly contracts based on the price of iron ore in the so-called &quot; spot market. &quot; A new way of negotiating prices resulted from the fact that last year the owners of coal mines and steel mills could not, as before, to reach an agreement over the price of ore for a period of one year, a new &quot;formula&quot; will largely go in favor of mining companies.
 But as the Financial Times reported, steelworks have already announced their intention to higher prices of iron ore to compensate by increasing steel prices by 30 percent. Doing so will assess the London daily, certain types of steel such as hot-rolled pipes, jump to almost more than one hundred percent by the end of 2010. compared to 2009., or with $ 380 last year to $ 750 in December this year. The price of these tubes is the end of March has already reached 650 euros per tonne, while iron ore prices have surged to $ 60 per ton in 2009., To a record $ 105 in March 2010. Darinko Bago, President of the Board at Koncar Group, said the order, the original najpovršniju calculation, that means that products for widespread use of citizenship in which the steel is the main component of the jump from 12 to 13 percent. This would also apply to all types of household appliances and machines made of metal, ranging from washing up to the stove, depending on whether all of which were made.
 If you have more plastic, the increase will be less. 10 to 15 percent and the price will jump a car, analysts estimate, but they also point to the car manufacturers should also adjust the quarterly determination of the prices of their products, which means that we can expect a strong oscillation in car prices. The spiral of inflation - will be bad if the psychology initiate an inflationary spiral, and even if they poskupljivali copper and other metals, the situation could be more than serious - said Bago. According to him, the new model of calculating price suits the owners of mines, which are mostly in the hands of Anglo-American investors and companies. - Almost 90 percent of new demand for steel since 2000. until today, came from China and the rest from other developing countries, like Brazil and India, and I think this is the way the U.S. and other Western investors intend to fix its balance sheet profit, and undermine the development of developing countries - said Bago .
 Although it does not perform the same conclusions as Bago, the Financial Times have calculated that the profits of big three mining companies - Vale of Brazil, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton - actually povećatiza five billion dollars this year thanks to a new quarterly contracts.
 