Photo: Andrzew Koziar, AP CLEGGOV ULTIMATUM BROWN We can form a coalition, but you will no longer be prime minister Ines Sabalić / 05.05.2010. 12:35:10 Globus reporter had an interview in London on the eve of parliamentary elections, which take place 6th May, a prominent political analysts, that could look like the new British Government, given the outstanding rating of the Liberal Democrats and their leader Nick Clegg Even before the end of business hours on Friday afternoon, order two major parties, Labor and Conservative, were closed, and only ten days until the election. No posters, no leaflets, no colorful dressed activists, parades, rallies. The party leaders go to a place in the depths of England or Scotland or Wales and there are a some contacts with ordinary people. On Saturday, the television showed how, at a village fair, David Cameron got a sausage, bite, bit off, thrilled and wanted to give one of his assistants.
 But security cordon was so strong, that the poor remained a candidate with a bold paper plate in hand and mustard that is spilled - or assistant is not allowed to close. Both parties want to win, and both camps wanted to completely control the game, and that means to reduce possible surprises to a minimum. And David Cameron and his wife and closest associates, as ministers if he wins, they come from backgrounds of public relations. About Gordon Brown, also a fantastic master image, and also probably the most talented British politician, Peter Mandelson. And this situation is convenient for them. Unlike Cameron&#39;s camp, who plays him as a star, Labor in the foreground those around the prime minister, and Brown is wise to accept. The introduction of television debates, after 56 years of its existence in America, 34 years in France, in this country where the parliament a year closes and opens the medieval ceremony in which, among other things, lawmakers pretend to hear that the Queen twice knocked on the door Westminster, three times asking anyone to beat, and only the third time jure nahrupljuju at the door - a great novelty.
 The two major party leaders were asked to agree to perform in the debate is the eternal leader of the third party, the Liberal Democrats, and they said they can, why not. At this point, the reality is, in the guise of the Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg, the precise structure collapsed. It also showed that voters, if you find a medium through which I may exercise their democratic interests, and to do so. Now, in the UK, pointing to the example of the Liberal Democrats and Nick Clegg. That there was no television, no one would know what it looks like a man who will probably decide the outcome of British elections in the future. But, in the first debate on domestic politics was the best by far, probably the second best in the third and last, turn this Thursday, probably the same. The half-turn, with hand in pocket, Clegg were defeated on almost every issue. In public opinion surveys 42-year-old Nick Clegg held the first or second place, just behind David Cameron, or in front of him, even though some of it written off as a &quot;summer adventure&quot; and believe that, 6
 May, when it comes to voting, the British round was torijevce, whether Labour, but not a third party. Two large parties were first Clegg ignored, then snubile to start a coalition with him, and now change tactics and try and crush it zgromiti. We will see whether Nick Clegg fail to endure. In a few days in London, in conversation with about thirty people, the question of who to vote for me three said they still do not know a colleague who was Labour militant, and it remains, the two will definitely vote for conservatives, but I was fifteen said they would vote for the Liberal Democrats, hoping that they will later form a coalition with the Labour Party. I returned from London with the intent that almost all of my acquaintances and friends, mostly journalists, and their friends to vote for the Liberal Democrats. &quot;But you will for the Labor Party?&quot; I asked one by the &quot;Guardian&quot; newspaper that the Labour Party virtually forum.
 &quot;No, no, I&#39;m a long time for the Liberal Democrats, not now, but for years,&quot; he replies. For the Liberal Democrats will vote, and Karin, former fashion editor, and her son, who is a freshman at Oxford. This family, along with many others, have fallen from the Labour Party because of Blair&#39;s insistence on Iraq. Well, wonder, say that there is no Liberal Democrats, for whom would you vote for? For Green, it still fits. Everything, therefore, not only Labor and, of course, not conservatives. Whatever the outcome, Labor lost social class scholar, the liberal professions, intellectuals, with or without a livelihood, journalists who form public opinion, salon leftists, well-off writers, musicians ... Those who were 13 years ago gathered around the Blair project &quot;Britannije cool&quot;, and later disappointed, far exceeding the Liberal Democrats. Are the Liberal Democrats, in fact, Labor, flawless Labour Party, I ask each of his interlocutors that he decides to them.
 The answer is &quot;probably&quot;. That is, what happens in Britain, it seems, is the pursuit of values that was once represented by Labour, but in the way of compromise. The fact is that the British people today, despite the crisis, richer than they were 13 years ago when he took over power Tony Blair, to have better health insurance and that society is more egalitarian. Their debt, in relation to GNI, not particularly high, and do not necessarily go to a big cut. But flirting with a big tačerovskim model of capitalism, as well as Iraq, now they cost. Now suppose that all the experts say that Nick Clegg will not get this election. The winner of the election will be who wins the most constituencies. On the eve of Labor past elections, but now less popular, prekrojili the constituency to ensure you win. Will they this procedure, known as gerrymandering, and this time help, we will establish a sixth May.
 Labour are still very strong in Scotland, the Conservatives in the south of England and London, as evidenced by last year&#39;s victory in the election of Boris Johnson for London mayor. That the electoral system is proportional, then the battle for prime minister waged between Cameron and Clegg, with Clegg probable victory. &quot;Let them beware Cameron, should not call too many people to vote for real change, because the real change is Clegg, not Cameron,&quot; says one commentator of &quot;The Independent&quot;. But, like, Labor, who in all polls in the final, third place, can still win out thanks to the architecture of the constituencies. Conservatives can win, but not overwhelmingly. So, most likely will have to form a coalition party, and whoever he could choose who they will, &quot;the kingmaker&quot;, will be Nick Clegg. In the vicinity of Westminster, in a pub &quot;The Red Lion&quot;, a beautiful, old-fashioned, very English, engages in conversation with a pair of Luton near London, which will vote for the Liberal Democrats.
 Lau and Natalie are the middle class, a former Labour Party voters. What bothered them most in the last period, which rejects them? &quot;The scandal with the costs of MPs&quot;, and reports of the media that day after day, week, bringing the texts about what they are all English MPs entered as its cost and asked them to pay the state. The scandal about the cost of MPs was terribly damaged both major parties ... Lau and Natalie allegations and circumstances surrounding the war in Iraq, as that through which he can not go. Next they play in these elections is the attitude towards immigration. Fourth, especially in certain classes, according to education. However, the impression that the financial crisis has really struck a British citizen has been overemphasized in the media, and not entirely accurate. &quot;The value of my property has fallen even for a pound,&quot; says a friend who has a house in Hackney. Similarly, say the sources from the pub. Apparently, even though they lost their jobs, social networking is flexible enough that people have not fallen into the abyss.
 It is no longer an unscrupulous dickensovska England. Especially in times of crisis it is meant many threatened and Labor show the finger at the their achievements. Until about a month and a half, all they thought this election gets the Conservative Party. More than a year David Cameron led with 12, and sometimes more, the percentages in the polls before Gordon Brown. But in the past month has kept only three or four points ahead. Why so down? By Marcus Tanner, author of an editorial in the daily newspaper &quot;Independent&quot;, it is because of the constantly had to withdraw from its political emphasis, and it has not found true, accurate message to the public. &quot;First, the long held the catastrophic predictions that the country will collapse economically, but at least this year, it is not. He criticized Brown as he led the crisis, but people are thought to be in such a global situation, Brown behaved well enough, or that Cameron would not be better.
 Then, anticipating that he would take the budget cuts, I realized that it was unpopular, and withdrew. He said that the country is on the verge of collapse, that crime is growing, but statistics show the opposite, that crime is falling and people who live relatively well, I do not want to hear about how the worst in everything. Besides all, he&#39;s fine with everyone, good, lovable, and dare not show their teeth, because I do not know where I can lose. Clegg is the only one who can now show your teeth, because it has nothing to lose. Then, his first assistant, who will become deputy prime minister, is the obnoxious people, because of his elitist arrogance shines through. Also, Cameron was excellent, but not particularly good team, &quot;says Marcus Tanner. &quot;But, still pending before Brown,&quot; he added. Marcus Tanner recalls that Tony Blair has urged the Liberal Democrats into a coalition, but they refused. Also, &quot;is false that Britain knows only a few liberals - conservatives.
 Until 1924. opposed pair were Liberals and Conservatives. Only after the Liberals sink, which in turn were the heirs wigovaca, and pushed the Labour Party Labor. As for the coalition will be created after the election, in newspaper editorial pages of prominent prevailing opinion that, if the conservatives win, Cameron Clegg set list of requirements, which will include those in which Cameron is assumed, will not be able to accept such the EU and immigrant policy. Following this scenario, Clegg will turn the Labour Party. But before that Labor will have to clean your house and probably elect a new leader instead of Brown. With this new party president, perhaps Alan Johnson, who was inside the party to left center, and perhaps David Miliband, the new British scene, an important figure Nick Clegg could create a natural coalition, called for now, the Lib-Lab.
 