D-Day in Greenwich Mean Time-in (GMT) has just passed. Zagreb is already in the new era, but New York still fear and waiting. Sydney is about 13, a Beijing before 11 hours passed catharsis that is currently going through London. How many people will stay, how much return, and how many to go? Maya Prophecy, which many did not believe, has come true! &quot;Prior to re-celebrate&quot; Army Day &quot;, but to fulfill any prophecy&quot; - mocked me jugonostalgičar incorrigible fellow. How many of such date was provided for in history, and did not come true - Nostrodamus, Biblical prophets, Tarabic, Edgar Cayce, Baba Vanga, continued even a few days ago. Well, today 22nd December, 2012. I&#39;d love to see him. But the question is, is it even there, somewhere in it. And the question of all questions is whether purchased over the Internet &quot;lottery luck&quot; as I advised him. At the beginning of 2012th, just as Croatia was admitted into the EU, began to receive social internet networks offer the possibility of purchasing &quot;OILLL&quot;-a - &quot;Instant Online Lucky Life Lottery&quot;.
 Just click any e-mail address to seven Send a message coming in, it said on the screen - from space. All it looked like the one glaring game: &quot;If you send this message to the address below and seven great happiness, money, love, etc., and if not - then you wait a disease, poverty, misfortune ....?&quot; Superstitious are required to send and most of it is ignored. In the beginning, Twitter, Facebook, MySpace, Google Me, and similar social links have only rarely been burdened by this new phenomenon, that as time passed OILLL had more admirers. The procedure is the Internet users was more than simple: it is enough to log in with your username and password and receive OILLL, but not open it, as indeed it was not possible before 21.12.2012. Register OILLL a somewhat intensified when NASA announced that between Mars and Jupiter, noticed an unusual extraterrestrial body, like a comet, with unusual lighting effects.
 It was the usual news of which are only najzagriženiji Zecharia Sitchin fans recognized the approaching 12th Planet X or Nibiru Earth. All I have to, even then, conveyed to their friends, but mostly shook his hand and looked at me strangely. &quot;OILLL? - Mean OIB &quot;- commented ironically. I was not, however, the only one with great anticipation expecting 21st December 2012. and to finally see you again on the part of some cheap internet fraud and this time, in what I believe anymore, still hiding something about what the Mayans and the Sumerians knew better than us! Facebook Group in October 2012th the counter in the world for millions of people as to her intentions unknown force multiplied exponentially. Several hundred thousand fans were in Croatia. And this moment came! The world, especially Europe, America and Africa were in disarray and panic, but 20th December 2012. 2nd First the news, as once the New Year celebration, began arriving from New Zealand and Australia.
 Panic reporters from Sydney and Melbourne spoke about the unexplained disappearances of people, and whole families. Soon this was true for Tokyo, Beijing, cities Indochina, India, Russia. Only in India is missing a few million people, and so it is with China. Rights, one might say, a cataclysm. After several hours, several of the missing would be inexplicably appeared again, and seats for the computer, waiting to be reluctant - or not? It was worth it for me, which I opened yesterday 21st December 2012. your OILLL was the decision to fully realize his / her winnings, as already done by millions, and yet, I am sure, to make millions in the next few hours. There is not much time for reflection. Just a few hours. And the day before yesterday and today so much has happened. The world lived about seven million people, more than two and a half billion served the Internet. In Croatia, the Internet, more or less knew two thirds of the population, and OILLL, as heard on the latest news, handled a half million people, mostly in Zagreb.
 All in all, a new age for those with OILLL-om, and for those without a OILLL, just as he foretold of the Mayan calendar began, although most is not yet clear whether the far-reaching events. The biggest scramble for OILLL-om began in mid-December, so they searched and those who were not from the Internet to you. Yesterday and today was a mess because the OILLL have not come all that were intended. News from Australia, and then from Japan, China and India were at the very least, strange. People are disappearing and returning with absurd stories about world government, a world without borders, a general peace, infinite energy, galactic harmony. Unusual was that such thinking came from the scientific authority and a serious politician who literally until yesterday to OILLL did not pay attention. &quot;I believe more that I would win the Green Card Lottery&quot; for the U.S. but &quot;OILLL&quot; - he answered a reporter&#39;s question a president of the Arab countries in the not-so-friendly relationship with Obama.
 Today is a changed outlook. 3rd Shortly after midnight, 21 December 2012. full of curiosity, I entered a user name and password of your OILLL and pressed &quot;Enter&quot;. On the screen appears: Do you want to realize your gains? With the English Language &quot;Google&quot; has offered solid and Croatian translation. I excitedly read - sometimes English, Croatian time. This would be the first time that something more serious I get on the lottery! Is not this again fake bait such as those offered mighty million from the Nigerian banks? - I wondered. Another &quot;click&quot;. On the screen appeared a characteristic &quot;You Tube&quot; ekrančić and lovely creature, pleasant voice spoke: &quot;Your choice, dear, if you want to join us or not. Exactly 26 thousand years, and argues that the Mayan calendar, several million people have achieved their dreams. It now goes for you, as was once true for Noah, the people of Atlantis, the Mayas, Incas and many other residents of your planet.
 To nothing does not force you. Your choice is whether to choose &quot;new&quot; or you will continue to live on earth as it is the 2012th We, your brothers and sisters, comes every 5125 years in your vicinity and offer choice. You do not have to agree immediately. If you want to visit us fill out the form on the screen, and we will temporarily relocate for a few hours or, more accurately, to teleport to one of our ships are there in the vicinity such as NASA, noted. After the meeting, we will return you, if you wish, to your computer and give you a few hours to think about. Your choice - our concerns, we would say. Family, children, friends of all who wish can join. I clicked &quot;Yes&quot; I went to sleep. 4th I watched as in a dream, but it was a reality, millions of lights flicker, strange sounds and dope with many 3D screens. It was difficult to conclude whether the unusually dressed people are real or just a projection.
 I was stunned like a biblical prophet Ezekiel, when he saw that the spacecraft descends to Earth and with whom I was flying what was described in the Old Testament: Chapter 3 12th Spirit lifted me up and I heard him for the tremendous noise of a strong earthquake when the lights shine up from his Lord mjesta18. 13th It was like beating wings animal beings, which smote one against another, and rolling wheels, with their movement and roar of a powerful earthquake, when the lights shine up from his Lord mjesta19. 14th Then I accept the spirit and carry and I odlebdjeh the excitement of his mental being, while the hand of the Lord&#39;s landslide on me djelovala20. 15th So arrived in Tel Abib k exiled community that dwelt on the River Chebar, to where the flats, and was left among them seven days a omamljen21. Copyright by AAS 1988th I found the spaceship, where I inexplicably teleported.
 Attractive, well-known, I would say, and incidental music, filled the space: Imagine there&#39;s no Heaven It&#39;s easy if you try No hell below us Above us only sky Imagine all the people Living for today Imagine there&#39;s no countries It is not hard to do Nothing to kill or die for And no religion too Imagine all the people Living life in peace You may say that I&#39;m a dreamer But I&#39;m not the only one I hope someday you&#39;ll join us And the world will be as one Imagine no possessions I wonder if you can No need for greed or hunger A brotherhood of man Imagine all the people Sharing all the world You may say that I&#39;m a dreamer But I&#39;m not the only one I hope someday you&#39;ll join us And the world will live as one on the video wall in front of me was a questionnaire with my picture from Facebook. Two-thirds were already filled, and my task was to bring some small corrections. About me obviously all knew. Doubt that Facebook is an inexhaustible source of multi-layer data is confirmed.
 Then he opened the pages to which I was asked to read carefully. As I read in himself, so he and pleasant voice, in line with my thoughts, repeated as an echo read: &quot;Now you are convinced that OILLL true. Let me explain why we have this project which is repeated every 26 thousand years called OILLL. Ours and yours, fleet, and because we the human species, of 666 vessels appears in the solar system every 26 000 Earth years, and one ship remains constantly in an elliptical orbit and occasionally intervenes, or better yet, redirect the historical misconceptions that the Earth comes to self-destruction of mankind. Every 5125 years make up less, but nevertheless significant intervention. So, &quot;Online&quot; is a clear expression of you and should not be explained in more detail because it is a way to temporarily bring you to us. Sensed something was the author of &quot;The Matrix&quot; which is known to your generation. English term &quot;Instant&quot; - &quot;currently&quot; is because they currently make a decision whether to join us and continue to live with us, or return to Earth and do a better and fairer world, as did many before you, or, as the same not be ruled out, continue to live and create as before, which in extreme cases, too, need not be a bad choice.
 So all the options in the game. Choose! &quot;Lucky Life Lottery&quot; - &quot;life&#39;s lottery luck&quot; as we say. - How have the time to decide? - I wonder - 12 hours! - A pleasant female voice answered - and whether the world promieniti? - Be sure to have changed! - In a positive direction? Are you smarter? - It is not yet known, but changes have occurred! - So the Mayan calendar, the Sumerian legends, the Bible, Koran, and much is true! And why did the physical, tangible evidence of your visit? - Who says you are missing. It is worth exploring! Read. Remember the Bible: And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, the birds of the air and livestock - their country - and every creeping thing that creeps upon the earth! &quot; 27 in his own image God created man, the image of God he created him, male and female he created them. 28 And God blessed them and said to them: &quot;Be fruitful and multiply, and replenish the earth and subdue it dominion over the fish in the sea and the birds of the air and over every living thing that moves upon the earth!&quot; 29 And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, throughout all the earth, and every fruitful tree which carry their seed to you it shall be for meat 30 And to every beast of the earth and birds of the air, and creeping thing that creeps the country that has the breath of life - some for food every green herb &quot; And it was so.
 31 God saw all that he did, and it was very good. And the evening and morning - the sixth day. You will have enough time! And what did you decide? - Get me home! I&#39;ll think! The offer was really unexpected. - Think about it. Now we return you to your computer, and you decide. You have 12 hours. I repeat - there are three options: join us or act in accordance with our principles and this will remember, or you&#39;ll forget everything, even that you were here with us. Tri L - LLL. Lucky Life Lottery. That&#39;s right, dial: Happiness, life, or the lottery! 5th 22nd 12th 2012th, 11:55 pm, five to twelve. Once we have 5 minutes left to choose. On display are blinking three La. Each option had advantages and disadvantages like everything in life. The first option offered is a new and unfamiliar and was very appealing, but what if family and friends do not agree to this option? The second choice was also appealing, but only at first glance. Specifically, you remain in the minority and the world as well as many known and unknown more often will not accept, even, indeed, quite likely to declare the weird and exclude from society.
 The third option is a lottery - and yet - it may be better or worse. But the adjustment is still possible. There are still about 30 seconds. If you do not choose, I chose, in fact, a third option - and understand stress. It remains business as usual, and it can not allow. The first option? Are the elected and those who mean something to me in life? Another 10 seconds left. On the virtual keyboard falls drop of sweat - I will raise a finger. 8-7 - 6 - 5th I choose medium L. 4 - 3 - 2!! and click on the choice of Life. I am weirdo, weirdo left. On the screen again with You Tube and comfortable, but familiar voice: Thank you, dear Boro, which you have participated in OILLL project. We are sorry that we have not joined the board as you travel along with us, but also had the opportunity to at any time and anywhere, visit the Earth such as Da Vinci, Tesla, Picasso, Einstein, not to mention Christa, Mohammed , Buddha, Ghandija, Lennnona, Preslyja and thousands of other less known and are accounted for on a daily basis.
 However, this is your option is very welcome and winning. Smtrat you weirdo, you will not believe it, but you know very well what and how - and why the world will be better. We wish you much happiness and health in life, you will need it. Those who chose the third option, or do not participate in this game not already have an idea what the world and what happens. Theirs is the kingdom of heaven, and let go to the polls and vote for their favorites. So God helped them. Maybe they get lucky. The screen turns off. In the evening, NASA announced the news of the comet away from Earth. The media have talked about the strange events of the past few days, but everything is explained that the computer freaks infatuated world of the unknown virus. Proposal of world government with greater powers, however, was discussed at the session of the UN Security Council a.Meni an SF magazine promised to publish this story, but the editor thought that was pretty inconsistent and somewhat unconvincing.
 