- It is difficult to analyze such an action if you&#39;re not directly involved in it, but there are obvious omissions Philippine SWAT team - said Ivica Velić, a former member of the wartime and postwar and instructor specijelnih police unit that was analyzed for the Morning Gazette hostage crisis in Manila. - Buses are very troublesome to deal with hostage crises. Croatian anti-terrorist unit Lučko is one of the best in the world right for such action since the beginning of the 90-by intense exercise such right of action in various simulations. Aggravating circumstance for the Philippine SWAT team on Monday was the fact that the hijacker a cop who was probably at least superficially familiar with the tactics and methods specials. Furthermore, in the bus were foreign tourists, and in such cases usually contact the embassy or consulate. This, in turn, significantly slows down the entire operation. Perhaps in this lies the reason why the whole action seemed so slow and unprofessional, thoughts, a longtime specialist, today the Ministry of Interior&#39;s pensioners Velić.
 In his opinion, six of the obvious omission for which the hostage crisis in a bus in Manila lasted so long and why he was killed many people (nine). 1st SWAT went to make a foray into the bus, but then returned. It is a mistake. When it gets the green light and when the team starts to release the hostages and neutralize otničara - no turning back. It does not matter how many specials fall under the rain of bullets, still goes ahead because each of our giving the hijackers leaving space to kill. People who work in units calculated with the team to be in action could be affected. Therefore we do not have a problem. 2nd Amateur breaking windowpanes. Special tool for breaking windows on the bus must be ready from the first second. This tool first blow of breaking glass and makes an opening through which specialists can penetrate into the vehicle. Handy bat, almost harder than the person who handled it, pure improvisation, and it ends like this as the images of the action in Manila.
 3rd Barge on only one side is the wrong tactic. If you go to more parties, the hijackers are put in doubt and panic. In those seconds, the perpetrators of the most wrong, and special forces to leave space to locate and eliminate it. 4th People around the bus? Who are they? Around the buses had to completely evacuate the civilians. The footage, in fact, during the hostage crisis, seeing people in civilian clothes. This matter specialists and dekoncentrira snejperista, if at all been involved in the action. 5th It appears that there were moments when the sniper could hit the kidnappers, but it did not happen. Why? SWAT snipers-trained teams were called for a surgical shot. The point is that the armed kidnappers shot in the region of the brain that blocks can trigger the withdrawal reflex. 6th The kidnappers during the crisis in the bus was available for TV, so it could monitor all the time to look at the environment and the transfer bus. It was, therefore, interfere with TV signals, for which there are special devices that do not wrap the police radio frequency.
 (Davor Butorac)
 