The aim of this exhibition in Shanghai is a symbolic representation of life in the city under the motto &quot;Better City, Better Life&quot;. The symbol of this year&#39;s exhibition displays three family members who are symbols of a happy, calm and happy family in one city. This year&#39;s Expo was shot down by a record number of participating states and the space allotted. At EXPO involved more than 190 countries and 50 international organizations that expose their symbols of culture, architecture, economics and technology. This exhibition has so far visited more than a hundred world leaders and millions of visitors. This exhibition is situated on the banks of the River Po Haväng. Shanghai, a guest of the exhibition, created a space whose size is 35 football land, and participating countries according to their economic opportunities, trade, culture, take appropriate stands. EXPO is an opportunity to present the artistic symbolism of cities and architecture. The Islamic Republic of Iran in this exhibition took the space of 2,000 m2.
 This stand is designed for 8 months and the number of visitors is one of the first ten stalls. During the day visit the booth at least 20,000 visitors. Iran&#39;s stand is divided into three parts: Ancient Iran, modern Iran, because Iran. Visitors can meet the cultural and civilizational aspects of Iran in different fields. In part of ancient Iran are exposed Kurošovih translations of documents, specific caravans of silk and works of Iranian scholars and ulema. In the area of modern Iran is presented as modern technological achievements of this country. The future of Iran points to the future investment, and the scientific progress of Iran. Also, symbolically represented by nanotechnology, and satellite. Inside Iran&#39;s stand is traditionally furnished and decorated by hand works, moreover, can be found and Iranian food for fans of this stand. Parola Iran in this exhibition is &quot;The Iranian city, a city of kindness and justice.&quot;
 On the front of this stand is a great song Iranian poet, Firdusija: &quot;The sons of Adam are part of a body which would create a gem when pain dread only one part and other parts suffer.&quot; Structure of the Iranian stand reminiscent of the old Isfahan Si-o-se pol &quot;and old architecture of the Iranian people. The interior of the booth is filled with Iranian works of art; carpet that is the beauty of artistic achievement and unique in the world, but also by its high price. On Iran&#39;s stand is a carpet that is 8 million yuan and is decorated with gold and pearls. The carpet weaving is a two-member Iranian families for ten years and is woven from silk, wool, and jewels are among the most expensive items in the exhibition. In creating the Iranian visitors to the stand trying to bring the diversity of peoples, religions, architecture, history and art of Iran. Part of this stand is filled with a cultural environment that is composed of 20 Iranian music bands that play for the visitors in the traditional and modern decor.
 These bands were chosen from different areas of Iran and the addition of live, and promote their albums. Copies of the translation Mesnevije, Firdusijeve Šahname, the story of contemporary Iranian literature in Chinese, are exhibited in the salon and they came to welcome visitors, especially the Chinese. The selected graphic works are exhibited in this salon. In these pictures were printed sublime divine names that were made in a variety of graphic styles. &quot;Laser Harp&quot; is a particularly interesting part that attracts visitors. The harp represents the symbol of Iran&#39;s achievements in laser technology. It does not have any wires, but it produces a beautiful and harmonious sounds. Wires of this traditional Iranian laser harp are posted and whoever is knowledgeable music can play this instrument. An important component of this exhibition is a trade that affect the economic segment of the participating states. Učesništvo in this exhibition enables the development of consumption and production segment and hence contributes to many advances.
 Many visitors say that this exhibition before visiting Iran&#39;s stand did not have much information about Iran, but after visiting the stand clearly and positively surprised. This will certainly lead to improvements in Iran&#39;s tourism and economy. Fi Nang, one of Iran&#39;s visitors salon says: &quot;Iran&#39;s stand was really interesting. The Iranian people have nicely presented his great achievement of civilization.&quot; Oliver, a Swiss visitor after the visit of Iran&#39;s stand said: &quot;I am stunned Iranian beauty salon. Presentation of the Iranian culture and I must say that it differs from my previous vision of this culture. It is interesting to Iranian music, arts, and science and technology Iran&#39;s achievements. I must admit that the Iranian stand up like &quot;The Iranian Minister of Commerce EXPO 2010. seen as a historical and trade communications with China, Iran and other countries, participants of the exhibition.
 EXPO falls into one of the world&#39;s largest economic event. Many experts think that the EXPO in Shanghai are more important than others because of the Expo was organized during the world economic crisis and may make a new trade and economic ties. They can also make new connections Iran and the world in the field of oil and gas industry. Many industries in Iran are made by modern technological developments. EXPO 2010. omugućio the trade-economic exchange of Iran and various countries in the world.
 