Football match between Ghana and Australia completed the second round Group D World Cup in Južnoafrièkoj Republic. Mee at Royal Bakofeng Stadium in Rustenburg ended without a winner 1-1 ... It was an interesting and lively Mee, open on both sides in which the players had already Ganci of 24 minute when Harry Kewell has been switched off, but eventually failed to come to victory. Opening the goal of the match Brett Holman scored already in the 11 minute and brought the lead Australians. Beat out Mark Bresciano free kick, but fairly weak shot failed to tame the Ghanaian goalkeeper Kingston, and was only denied the ball to Holman, who was a few feet away sent a ball into the net and scored his third goal in the jersey, &quot;Socceroos&quot;. In 24th per minute is good from the edge of the penalty area shot Jonathan Mensah, but had the ball at the goal-line stop Australian midfielder Harry Kewell. To judge by Robert Rosettija no doubt and awarded a penalty and showed red card Kewell.
 Izvoðaè with white-Taek for Ghana was attacked Rennes Asamoah Gyan and shot into the lower right corner deceived the Australian goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer who went in the opposite corner. Gyan was the 21st goal for the Ghanaian national team and second in the tournament, since the first round scored a goal for a 1-0 victory over Serbia, also from the penalty. After a goal was expected that Ghana will hit Australia&#39;s goal, but ponajboljoj afrièkoj team that&#39;s not entirely successful. In 44th minute is a good kick Kevin-Prince Boateng goalkeeper Schwarzer stopped in the second half despite Australianci brojèenom deficits were dangerous. Australisk isolate three attempts, the 67th and 72 minute. First Chipperfield head shot over the crossbar from close range, and five minutes later from the same action first Luke Wilshire and Kennedy failed to learn from good chances of Kingston. At the end of the ended mee division points, as both teams held the competition for placement in the second round of competitions.
 Ghana, where this was the first tie in World Cup history, was the fourth point won and at the head of the group D, while Australiancima this was the first and last point on the group. Last third round group brings ordeals Germany and Ghana, and Australia and Serbia. World Cup, 2 Round, Group D: Ghana - Australia 1-1 (Gyan 25-11m / Holman 11) Rank: 1 Ghana 4, 2 Germany 3, 3 Serbia 3, 4 Australia 1 19.06.2010. TS
 