Pope Benedict XVI&#39;s apology to victims of priestly abuse was a truly decisive step in the Vatican connection with pedophilia in the Catholic Church, yet it has many of the victims of priests across Europe assessed inadequate. Irish victims have accused the Pope to avoid talking about the Vatican&#39;s responsibility for abuse cases, and concluded that Benedict has offered an apology, but no penalty, and has taken no action against bishops who covered up these cases. Following the publication of the Pope&#39;s letter in two Irish city of the survey was carried out showing that the Catholic Church all omraženija among Irishmen. Almost all respondents said they no longer go to church, and that an apology is not enough to healed wounds of victims in need and psychological assistance. Ireland pensioner Moira O&#39;Hara (59) considers that it should offer psychological help to victims of abuse, but do not expect that it will actually be provided.
 &quot;I am so disgusted of pedophilia among the Irish clergy to be ashamed of what I&#39;m Irish,&quot; said O&#39;Hara. Architect Kerrin Buck (38) argues that the priests were untouchable before the law, and that bishops are to blame as much as lower-ranking clergy abusers because they are hiding the truth. &quot;I was a Catholic, but today I am an atheist. I want prison sentences for abusers,&quot; said Buck. This mood of the Catholic Church and its priests may be expected in other countries with a majority Catholic population. Special attention will be understandable decision of some parents not to send their children to church, oblaćenu many pedophile scandals of which freezes the blood in the veins. Pope&#39;s apology does not indicate a fundamental change in dealing with the church crisis, said the organization BishopAccountability.org. The aim of a letter of apology was pacify the rage of victims while holding the church control over incriminating information, said the leaders of these organizations Terry McKiernan and Anne Barrett Doyle.
 They stressed that &quot;the Pope used the great verbal skills to defend himself and the Vatican&quot; before charges are instructed bishops around the world to hide the horrible crimes against children. They say that the Pope&#39;s omission of not mentioning the greatest of their responsibilities as head of the Church, which operates a network of priests, among which there are abusers and those who covered up the crimes. Switzerland Catholic Church precisely investigate allegations of priestly abuse. The diocese of Chur, in eastern Switzerland, said in a statement it was investigating a dozen reports of abuse. The abbot of a monastery and the diocese said there were at least three of the 77 priests in Einsiedeln abused children since he took office in December 2001. But no action or had not been filed. Last week, one priest left office after admitting that he abused a child 40 years ago, when he worked abroad.
 Netherlands More than 200 Catholics reported that they were abused after the Radio Netherlands Worldwide and the NRC Handelsblad newspaper reported that three Salesian priests abused children a few decades. The church is there launched an independent investigation under the leadership of Protestant politicians. German Jesuit school in Berlin reported sexual abuse cases in January, followed by a series of discoveries in other Catholic and non-religious schools. The diocese of Regensburg in admitted cases of physical and sexual abuse at school. Director of the famous choir &quot;Domspatzen,&quot; brother of Pope Benedict XVI priest Georg Ratzinger, has admitted to beating children to discipline them, but he denied that he had knowledge of a local sexual abuse. Number of people who reported they were victims of priestly abuse in Regensburg has risen to 250 Archbishop Robert Zollitsch, who heads the German Bishops&#39; Conference, in February apologized for priestly sexual abuse of children.
 His diocese has confirmed allegations that he was involved in the disciplining of a priest-abuser without a reported case cvilnim authorities, ie police and courts. Ireland in April 2002. Bishop Brendan Comiskey of Ferns resigned from office because of his wrong reaction to the charges presented against a priest who committed suicide 1999th after 66 times reported for abuse. In May of 2009. Commission of Inquiry for the child abuse report was published in five volumes, whose preparation took nine years. The report said that Catholic priests were beaten and raped children over several decades in educational institutions. In November 2009. so. Murphy&#39;s report, commissioned by the Irish Government on the cases of clerical child abuse in Dublin since 1975. until 2004., showed that the ecclesiastical authorities hid the widespread cases of pedophilia to mid 90-ies.
 In December 2009., After meeting with two Irish church leaders, Pope Benedict XVI said he was &quot;appalled, embarrassed and feel that was released&quot; because of scandals in Ireland. In February of 2010. Benedict XVI has met with 24 Irish bishops at the Vatican. The bishops promised to him that they are willing to cooperate with authorities. Five bishops offered their resignations, and the Pope has so far adopted two. In March 2010. Pope Benedict XVI apologized to victims of pedophilia that have abused the Irish priests, saying they felt &quot;shame and remorse.&quot; In an unprecedented pastoral letter signed recently and sent to the victims and the priests, the Pope also announced a formal investigation into the Vatican Irish dioceses, seminaries and religious orders involved in the scandal. The United States in June 2002. The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops adopted a new policy that would prohibit priests-pedophiles to ever perform priestly duties, but they would not automatically izopćilo from the church.
 In December 2002. Boston Cardinal Bernard Law resigned after being charged for the transfer of priest-abusers to other parishes to cover up the scandal. In February 2004. independent investigators, as requested by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops said that as many as 10 667 people have accused American priests of abusing children since 1950. until 2002. More than 17 percent of the abusers had brothers who were also abused. In July 2007. the Archdiocese of Los Angeles agreed to pay 660 million U.S. dollars compensation for 500 victims of sexual abuse dating from the period after the 1940th, which was the biggest compensation payment of its kind in history. In April 2008. Pope Benedict XVI met with victims of priestly abuse during his visit to the United States. The U.S. Catholic church paid out two billion dollars in compensation to victims of priestly pedophilia scandal first time that broke out 1992nd
 In October 2009. Diocese of Wilmington, in Delaware, declared bankruptcy. He later agreed to give the documents alleged victims in order to delay the trial for 80 cases of abuse. Since 2002. Diocese of Wilmington has paid compensation in eight cases, and each of the victims went to about $ 780,000. United Kingdom in July 2000. the London Cardinal Cormac Murphy-O&#39;Connor has admitted that it is wrong to act on its previous function of 80-ies when the Paedophile priest allowed to continue to perform priestly duties. The priest was jailed 1997th for abusing nine boys in the 20-year period. Austria in July 2004. Austrian magazine Profil published photographs of priests kissing and indecent touching seminarians in the Roman Catholic seminary in the diocese of St. Poelten. In Austria, in March showed a higher number of allegations of priestly abuse.
 Former students of Opatija Kremsmuenster told the newspaper that three of their teachers - Benedictine priest sexually abused and beaten children during the 80-ies. The abbot of the monastery of St. Salzburg. Peter Bruno Becker in March, resigned after admitting that he sexually abused a boy 40 years ago. Australia in July 2008. during a visit to Australia by Pope Benedict XVI apologized for the local priest abuse. At that time the country was already issued 107 judgments Catholic priest-abusers. Mexico in March 2009. The Pope has ordered an investigation into the legionaries of Christ, the priestly order whose founder was a sexual abuser. During 2006. Pope said the founder father Marcial Maciel order to withdraw the &quot;life of prayer and repentance&quot;. Maciel died 2008th His red admitted 2009th that Maciel was the father of at least one child who bore him a mistress.
 Canada in October 2009. Bishop Raymond Lahey of Antigonish in Nova Scotia region, was charged with possessing and importing child pornography. Earlier that year he led the negotiation of compensation of 12 million U.S. dollars for victims of priest abuse in the diocese of Antigonish, in the case, which dates from 1950. (Reuters / CNN / SA), the Church would rather protect their power and money than the children who are victims of priestly violence Colm O &#39;Gorman said that &quot;The Pope did not recognize the main charges against the Vatican, that he deliberately covered up the crimes to protect the Catholic Church, its power and before all your money, instead of protecting children. &quot; John Kelly, another victim of priestly pedophilia, it was much more satisfied with the Pope&#39;s letter, calling it a very touching letter, which was long overdue to be written. I looked at the pastoral letter as a first step toward healing for many who have lost faith, &quot;said John Kelly on behalf of the organization&#39;s surviving victims of pedophilia.
 He however stressed that his organization is seeking an urgent meeting with the Irish Cardinal Sean Brady, to discuss the requirements for initiating prosecutions against the priest-abusers. The Pope accepted the resignation of the Irish bishops Pope Benedict XVI accepted the resignation last Wednesday, the Irish Bishop John Mageeja, who covered up complaints against abusive priests in his diocese Cloyneu. Magee before coming to Ireland was the personal secretary of even three Popes - Pope Paul VI., John Paul I and the beginning of the pontificate of John Paul II. Cases of priests and Čuček Neither Ljubicic of Croatia is not spared from the priestly pedophilia. A priest and a catechist Drago Ljubicic, former pastor of the Banjolu on the island, serving three years in prison in Lepoglava. Ljubicic was the first priest in Croatia, which is due to pedophilia was sentenced to prison and actually ended up in jail. The first priest in Croatia convicted pedophile priest John was Čuček from Zagreb sixth.
 But he never served a prison sentence for the three years after the verdict began to officiate again.
 