- Down anyway nothing to spend - could read cinièno explanation scandalous decision èileanskog mine owners in San Jose: Speak up, namely, that the miners to the outcome of the drama could be frozen beaches! Capitalism is often bešæutan, a company owner in San Jose has already shown its true face. First, concern for poor security, which led to the collapse, after the statement that I can help in the rescue because it threatened with bankruptcy. - Because mine does not work, but also because of the hysteria that we are exposed to, maybe we&#39;ll have to declare bankruptcy - poruèuju good conscience from San Esteban, as narrated in The Wall Street Journal. The local miners&#39; union immediately called on the government to èileansku, beginning with September, she starts to isplaæivati miners beaches, but replied that the government, despite all efforts desperately to save, there is no legal foothold plaæati miners income. Began drilling shafts to rescue miners in the shadow of controversy, on Monday evening at èileanskom weather finally began drilling shafts that intend to extract the poor.
 We are still talking about the longest period in which a hole was drilled, a scene taken miners, which does not mean that you are still not considered shorter versions. - Consider even up to ten varieties of rescue, &quot;the minister said Laurence Golborne mining, and the BBC. - Unfortunately, none of these options does not require a shorter time than a month, he added. So, the first drilled hole 33 cm wide, then it will be a wide drills extend to 60 - 70 cm, and at the end of the capsule has descended to the miners one by one picked. During drilling, tons and tons of debris will padat down, but they should not cause problems. Mine Photo Simple One of the captured miners known to give injections, and is responsible for giving injections against tetanus colleagues. Following day the miners will arrive and the flu vaccine. Buried miner Esteban Rojas proposed to the girl, however, the whole drama has a romantic episode. CNN is writing about Esteban Rojas, one of 33 miners, who proposed to Jessica Yanez from below, with their love lives, which has already 25 years and has three children and two grandchildren, but only in vjenèani matièara.
 &quot;Please continue to pray for us that we draw. And when they came out, we&#39;ll buy vjenèanicu and go to the altar &quot;, written by Esteban. - I screamed of luck when I read his letter. Of course I agreed! I think he thought of us, children and grandchildren, and provides strength to endure everything - said Jessica. It is not only a love story. Rochas Elizabeth Young, wife of miner Ariel Ticon Yareza, should bear these days, their third child, a girl, you will be called the father of Ariel. Already working on how to get dad Ariel enabled tracking of direct transfer from a hospital birth.
 