The efforts of the eurozone member countries to help their coordinated action weakest member who is no longer able to pay its debts, the theme is a two-day meeting of finance ministers. The meeting could be very turbulent, not only because of the controversy that exists between the European Central Bank and the states to rehabilitate the Greek budget for the ministers and perhaps even more time to devote to news by saying that the big American banks for years concealed the extent of Greek government debt. According to the newspaper &quot;New York Times&quot; U.S. bank Goldman Sachs is right after the entry of Greece into the euro area Athens disbursed loan amounts in billions which is listed as a foreign exchange transaction. The Greek government refused to support the latest bank Goldman Sachs Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Eurpski Finance Minister Jean-Claude JunckerJoš in November of 2009, there were attempts to conceal the Greek government finances.
 So a team led by head of Goldman Sachs Greek government unveiled proposals to transfer debts from the Greek health care system in the distant future. However, this time the Greek government has rejected the proposal even though they were successful in the past. U.S. media report that in addition to Goldman Sachs participated banks like JP Morgan Chase, and that the bank acted in some other European countries such as Italy. As for the austerity measures that the EU asks Greece, European Central Bank Council of Ministers of Finance requires tighter austerity measures the government in Athens was still running in 2010. However, most finance ministers rejected such a request. It considers the recommendations of the European Commission&#39;s monitoring to reduce the budget deficit. Finance ministers decide on a package of aid for Greece Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: 300 billion euros of debt and 13.7 percent of the budget deficit - Greece is on the verge of payments sposobnostiOd Greek government is seeking additional budget consolidation measures for 2010 to reduce the deficit to four points to 8.7 percent.
 It remains unclear whether the ministers until Tuesday in order to concretize the end should look for a possible rescue package of emergency measures for Greece. The Ministers considered to determine the potential aid package that would thus make a sign of financial markets. In this context it is mentioned that the provision of bilateral assistance of several members of the Union and the bailout of the International Monetary Fund. It is particularly emphasized that the mentioned assistance provided only as a last resort. Author: Alen Legović, Brussels
 