Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan welcomed the statement by the German president, who has admitted to not only Christianity and Judaism but Islam is now part of Germany. This statement was greeted with enthusiasm, especially if one takes into account that lives in Germany three million Turks and German citizens of Turkish origin. A declaration that Islam is part of Germany, Wulff in Turkey gained great support. However, there is a special influence on the German-Turkish relations. Külahci Ahmed, correspondent of the Turkish newspaper &quot;Hürriyet&quot; from Germany said: &quot;This is a German problem, not a problem of countries with majority Muslim populations. Germany should accept these facts and their policy orjentirati the expectations of the people, or people who live in Germany. &quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Still image that is not everyday in German schools - three girls from three different backgrounds together Difficulties in German schools and how to truly German problem is best shown by example in Berlin Neukölln fourth in which a large number of foreigners living , mainly Arabs and Turks.
 80 percent of youth in this area has a migrant background. The structure of the population is particularly pronounced in the schools. Speaker Neukölln Heinz Buschkowsky explains: &quot;We have an example that even small girls ages wear headscarves. We have girls who go to swimming lessons and physical education because they do not want to show off your body. In schoolyards noticeable mobbing. One often hears: &quot;What is that in a sandwich? Pork? You eat pork and I have pigs? Such scenes are taking place in kindergartens and schools in Germany.&quot; In order to improve the integration of Muslims into German society in the future, the universities of Tübingen, Münster and Osnabrück from next year&#39;s opening sections of Islamic theology on which to educate imams. About the school will be German president Wulff during a visit to Turkey to talk with the head of the Turkish Office for Religious Affairs, Ali Bardakogluom.
 This office manages the largest organization of Muslims in Germany, DITIB-om, and so far the imams who preach in mosques and associations to yourself to come from Turkey and the believers are addressed exclusively in Turkish. Bildunterschrift: Currently, the biggest mosque in Germany nanalzi in Duisburg When Turkey in the European Union? German President Christian Wulff will be how the issue of integration of Turks into German society, as well as other topics and to speak before the representatives of the Turkish parliament. Another important topic of discussion will be Turkey&#39;s efforts for the country to join the European Union. This is in Germany there is no unified stance, but many key politicians, led by Chancellor Angela Merkel, believe that Turkey would not be in the foreseeable future to become a full member of the Union, but rather as a consolation prize offered by the status of &quot;privileged relations&quot;. Before leaving for Turkey Wulff said he will stand for the Christian minority in that country.
 On Friday (22.10.) To the German president should be present in Istanbul when the foundation stone laying ceremony for the long-planned German-Turkish university. Author: AFP / Mehmed Smajić Re. eds: Z. Arbutina
 