WHAT ARE COMMON AND ISTANBUL NEUM Continued: Do not do to others what you do not want others do to you! A lot has changed since my last visit to Istanbul. When the aircraft from observing the largest city in Turkey, located mainly in the southern part of the Bosphorus, you get the impression, as if its 15 million common people firmly hold the connector between East and West, Asia and Europe, as if afraid that they do not escape one of the two continents. But do not forget the fact this fascinating metropolis or the flow of material and immaterial goods from north to south. So for two and a half millennia! Just what is this vertical movement in recent times in other goods less, and those first concern is the number increased. And the Croats were left behind, especially diplomatic and trade, marking the Istanbul (Constantinople) - the capital city, the first of the Eastern Roman, then Byzantine, and at the end of the Ottoman Empire.
 And, it is not uncommon even here today to hear the Croatian word, especially when you go to visit museums, early Christian churches, palaces and mosques. Istanbul me these last days of summer the June Lord 2010th looks like a washed and promijenut, and not just its main tourist attractions as Hagia Sophia, Hippodrome, Topkapi Palace, Blue Mosque, but, as if they disappeared overnight and many, for me nostalgic gecekonde (illegally built homes), and it made me still reminiscent of &quot;illegal construction&quot; in my Croatia. It&#39;s tricky, &quot;big cleaning&quot; is caused by the choice of Istanbul for the flattering title of European Cultural Capital 2010th - The little cultural Olympiad. What does the word? Agreement of Ministers of Culture of the State of the European Union in 1985. each year is hereby designated as the second city, within EU Member States, the cultural capital of the Old Continent. Next enormous financial investment of the EU, the country and the host city in the construction of cultural institutions superb contemporary architecture (which, of course, always remain available to the host) and the adaptation of existing cultural institutions, which in turn results in stronger recognizability of each city, region and state, and their positioning on the map pronounced cultural tourism destination.
 Specifically, during the one-year &quot;rule&quot; the host city was the scene of numerous cultural events (exhibitions, festivals, concerts, theatrical performances), the world&#39;s most famous artists, a year after the mandate of the host city is still listed among the centers of cultural tourism and what the future brings promotion and financial profits. Over time, changing the concept of this project and the number of host cities, but the basic goal remains the same - to promote European cultural heritage, and in parallel with the development of cultural tourism. Istanbul in association with the German Ruhr area get hold of this prestigious title and practically jumped into the last wagon &quot;Orient Express&quot;, as will later this year only two cities ever be able to carry this prestigious title, and both from the EU. However, neither mentioned &quot;big cleaning&quot; Istanbul could not dispel the nightmare and caring people in the &quot;Istanbul at the Bosphorus&#39;.
 Even more than oil in the Gulf of Mexico cataclysm that fear turns into a general depression. And who would not? Daily njaljepši through this, but the most dangerous, the sea strait in the world, through the center of this 15-millions of pass 150 ships, laden with the oil and gas. And just as we climbed aboard my friend Dr. Müsezi, just a few meters from us, &quot;ran&quot; the 190-meter-long ship-jumbo from Honkongo. Instead of pills for sedation following comment: These are transported only wheat! In vain all appeals of the Turkish government and Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, a former mayor of Istanbul, and their requests to the oil companies not to drive through the Bosporus, but to use dobroizgrađene pipelines. A multiple of applications and appeals can take the endangered Turks jerba their hands are tied to the provisions of the Treaty of Montreux and the 1936th year. Told by the Port Authority that since 1988. until today, exactly 300 registered accidents in the Bosphorus strait.
 The worst was definitely the one from 1979. year, when after a collision with a Greek ship, the tanker exploded Romanian &quot;Independent&quot;. Burned for three long weeks, and from strong blasts were destroyed and windows in the Topkapi Palace. The last average is only 5 months &quot;young&quot; and took place at the entrance to the sea strait. Died oil tanker has polluted the whole environment, especially the beach on the Mediterranean side of Istanbul. But, do I really recall statistics of accidents and casualties, aka mention millions of hectoliters of waste water from ships, in order to show the obvious tragedy of this once grand beauties of the world&#39;s seas. But to whom drive the finger? For the Russians, because they are cheaper than tankers transport oil? At the European and global maritime legal institutions? At BP, Exxon Mobil, Chevron? No! I am still in conversation with my Turkish friends points a finger towards the official Ankara and its government, which you learn nothing from this your tragedy.
 Jerba, they are, then you will not be done to others, what you do not want them, others do so as a fresh example to mention sailing two Turkish warships in the Gulf of Neum and the fourth time in recent years. Although they were in previous years given the knowledge that visitors of this kind are not welcome in the middle of Neum, Turks and požuriše this 18th June with two frigates in this environmentally protected area, as if that act intend to open Neum tourist season. Posada Turkish ships assures domestic and foreign public to come as a NATO member, and that their only goal, to demonstrate commitment to stability and security of the Mediterranean, ie, to preserve world peace and security. And, their balky ambassador to Bosnia said at last year&#39;s entering Turkish warship &quot;TCG Gokova (F-496), as a form of demonstarcije deep and brotherly relations between Turkey and Bosnia, and he hopes that the next visit be a visit to Neum port with the member states of NATO.
 And certain circles in Sarajevo see in these visits to a kind of demonstration and to p (r) okazivanje their sick desires and striving, nenaravne desire to make the Neuma great seaport (sic). And all this against and in spite of the South Adriatic, ie Regulatory spatial plan of the Southern Adriatic, which was jointly developed and adopted by the ITA and BiH, Croatia and Montenegro, and that in Neum is the port to be built, even the port, the water jerba Neum shallow waters, more deeply into the mainland, sheltered Klek, Peljesac and Hvar, and no turbulent motion of water or streams. Therefore, the waste water, garbage, fuel, lubricants and other toxic substances emitted by ships for a long time to stay in these waters. Study on environmental protection of Neum and the hinterland, made for UNESCO, the evidence of Neum as potentially highly vulnerable area. Baba Mara out of my neighborhood children would certainly have told them: So, about your grief is fun! I am a conviction that human reason will win, so I&#39;ll be the first to pray to God to enlighten their minds, and others, my neighbors Neumljanima promise generous help in protecting the ecological and tourist area of Neum.
 