&quot;Negotiations are in final phase ... we agreed that it is important to maintain momentum and implement serious reforms before the last EU accession. I stressed that Croatia should focus on a list of questions that includes the completion of judicial reform and public administration, fight corruption and organized crime, cooperation with the International Criminal Court in the context of war crimes, minorities and human rights, &quot;said Fuele at a news conference after meeting with Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor. Kosor stressed that Croatia expects to prosinačkoj Intergovernmental Conference on Accession to close three chapters of the accession negotiations, and then early next year and the two hardest, the judiciary and fundamental rights (23) and Competition (8), and that the negotiations will end in framework &quot;that we set ourselves.&quot; &quot;Particularly we talked about Chapter 23, Mr. Wahlstrom I Fuelea about the many activities and reforms,&quot; Kosor said, explaining that the trial network was reduced by 38 percent, net of state prosecutors by 25 percent, and also the number of pending cases this year to 10 percent or more compared to last year.
 As for cooperation with the Hague Tribunal, Kosor said that the working group to continue in all directions regardless of whom the investigation could reach, regardless of the name, and &quot;based on the same principles on which we conduct the fight against corruption&quot;. Likewise, when it comes to the chapter Competition, Croatia is close to &quot;permanent and final&quot; settlement of the shipyards and Steelworks Split. She noted that at the end is extremely pleased with the cooperation of President Ivo Josipovic. &quot;I am extremely happy with cooperation with the President of the Republic of Croatia Josipovic on all matters related to the completion of negotiations. We&#39;re really on the same path. Government and I personally have a strong support for the president which I think is extremely important at this point and an important message to Croatian citizens of the&quot; Kosor added. Fuele staying in a one-day visit and met with Prime Minister Ivo Josipovic, are also planned meetings with the Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration Gordan Jandrokovic, president of the National Committee for monitoring negotiations Croatian and EU Vesna Pusic and members of the board, president of SDP Zoran Milanovic and civil society representatives, as well as visit an IPA project funded by the EU.
 