One planned and one unplanned meeting Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not bring a solution to the problem of building Israeli settlements in the West Bank, which threatens the outcome of Israeli-Palestinian negotiations. The talks should resume tomorrow. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held important talks in the Egyptian resort of Sharm el-Sheikh aimed at the establishment of two states for two peoples, said the U.S. envoy to the Middle East George Mitchell after the first meeting, which lasted an hour and forty minutes, and attended by U.S. Secretary of State and Hillary Clinton. All meeting participants then went to lunch with the host, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak. After lunch, journalists were told that the Israeli and the Palestinian leader decided to once again sit at the negotiating table, according to Hina.
 Even after that meeting, the biggest problem, the construction of Jewish settlements, has not resolved the issue so seriously threatens the continuation of negotiations. Israel moratorium on construction in the West Bank expires 26th September Israelis do not want to completely stop the construction and the Palestinians oppose any new construction of settlements. Abbas even threatened to leave the negotiations if construction continues, the Palestinians and the Israeli settlements are considered examination intentions in the talks. We think it makes sense to extend the moratorium on construction of Jewish settlements in the West Bank, presented the Mitchell after meeting Washington&#39;s stance on this issue. He added that both parties are responsible for the continuation of peace negotiations in a productive manner, according to Hina. Interviews Netanyahu and Abbas in Sharm el-Sheikh is the continuation of direct negotiations started in Washington earlier this month. They hope that within a year to conclude an agreement that will end a conflict that has lasted for decades.
 Besides the settlements, Israelis and Palestinians need to talk about the structure of negotiations and decide which issues will want to talk. Among key issues are the status of Jerusalem, the return of Palestinian refugees, final borders and security between the two neighboring countries future.
 