Australian Mary MacKillop (1842nd-1909th), founder of the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart, will become the first Australian saint, but also the patron saint of victims of pedophiles. Benedict XVI will proclaim at Mass today at St. Peter&#39;s Square, a holy priest and five monks and nuns, including the Mary MacKillop, which John Paul II. beatified 1995th During his visit to Australia. Mary MacKillop was a &quot;rebellious&quot;, probably well ahead of time in which she lived, while very sweet, good and spiritual. The first child of immigrants from the eight children of immigrants, MacKillop now becomes important for the Church even though at one time was the outcast because he reported a pedophile priest. Specifically, it was under pressure because the Church authorities declared the father of Patrick Keating of the parish near the city of Adelaide that he had sexually abused minors. Father Keating was returned to Ireland, whence he came, but his brother in the faith appealed to the local Bishop Lawrence Sheila behavior MacKillop.
 Bishop Sheil fined Mary MacKillop excommunication. It was the 1871st year. Mary has never appealed the decision of the bishop who before his death, he realized the mistake and pulled the excommunication. Mary was only five months excommunicated, but her bio says a lot about the situation in certain parts of the Catholic Church. Australian Cardinal George Pell expressed his joy at her canonization that will &quot;strengthen, support and encourage&quot; the Church, and nearly 8000 Australians came to Rome for her canonization. Father James Martin, one of the most famous authors in the American Jesuit weekly magazine America, has written that will now be a victim of sexual abuse and their families, as well as all those who want reconciliation with the Church, will be able to pray saint Mary MacKillop, because who better than she understands their situation. &quot; Mary MacKillop will therefore become a saint of victims of pedophiles. Five Saints At a special Mass, the pope will declare a holy monk and Andrea (1845th-1937th) from Quebec, founder of the Oratory of St. Joseph in Quebec, known for the gift of healing, the Polish priest Stanislas Soltys (1433rd-1489th), a Spanish nun Candida Maria de Jesus y Cipitriju Barriolu (1845th-1912th), and two Italian nuns, Giuli Salzano (1846th-1929th) and Camilla Battista Varanno (1458th-1524th).
 The first Croatian woman has become the blessed is Mary of Jesus Crucified Petkovic (Blato, Croatia, 1892. - Rome, 1966).. She was beatified in Dubrovnik 2003rd Pope John Paul II. Marija Petkovic was declared blessed because he &quot;saved&quot; 22 crew members Peruvian submarine.
 