The results of the survey results Ivo Sanader of Croatia will be extradited: 145 visitors voted to return to vote on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Nikkei index of about 7.30 hours was minus 2.7 percent, at one point was the loss of more than 3 percent, zaronivši, For the first time in five months, below the level of 9500 points. The South Korean stock prices have sunk more than 3 percent, while stocks in India, Shanghai, Singapore, Australia and Hong Kong were in the red between 2 and 2.5 percent. Therefore, it is about 7.30 hours MSCI index of Asia-Pacific stock, no Japanese, was the loss of 2.9 percent, zaronivši the new lowest level in eight months. Debt problems of Greece and several other eurozone for months bad effect on the stock exchanges around the world, making the Spanish central bank on Saturday, taking over the bank Cajasur only dolia &#39;fuel to the fire&#39;. &quot;It&#39;s upsetting investors because the question is whether more such cases.
 It is suspected that there are more banks with financial difficulties, especially in southern Europe, &quot;said Hiroichi Nishi, director of the company Nikko Cordial Securities. Investors also fear that the measures of the budgetary savings in the eurozone cause a weakening of local economies, and this morning the pressure from companies that export more exposed to the European market. For example, the share price fell 2.4 Canon, Nikon and a Hyundai Motors for more than 5 percent. Poor market operates and the growth of tensions between North and South Korea due to the recent sinking South Korean warship. The North Korean Chairman Kim Jong-Il has put the army in a state of alert since the Seoul threatened to North Korea &quot;will have to pay the price&quot; South Korea&#39;s sinking ship. worrying, too, the growth of lending rates because the U.S. financial companies are more averse to lending other banks that are significantly exposed to the European market.
 &quot;Concerns over debt crisis in the eurozone banking system expands, and borrowing costs rise, albeit from low levels. This, in turn, encourages the strengthening dollar,&quot; said Jonathan Cavenagh, currency strategist at Westpac Bank in Australia. After yesterday, the euro has weakened against the dollar by 1.5 percent, this morning&#39;s exchange rate sank below the level of $ 1.23. &quot;The euro failed to recover because of his every ascent rate used by investors to sell and reducing their exposure to European currencies,&quot; said Cavenagh. Therefore, part of the analyst believes that these days the price euro could again fall to its lowest level in four years from $ 1.2143, on which he fell last week. The euro has weakened and this morning the Japanese currency, so it is the rate fell from yesterday&#39;s 112.55 to 110.25 yen. And the dollar has weakened the Japanese currency. Its price fell from yesterday&#39;s 90.10 to 89.80 yen. Because of investors&#39; fears that the debt crisis cause the weakening of the eurozone economy, and thus demand for oil this morning is the forward price of &#39;black gold&#39; fell by 1 percent, zaronivši again below the level of $ 70 per barrel.
 