Ines Sabalić / 18.05.2010. 20:10:50 diplomat who is &quot;famous&quot; 90-by giving the public a drawing can be Tudjman to divide Bosnia, the candidate of the new British prime minister to serve as special envoy for the former Yugoslavia, new furniture in power in Britain wants to play a major role in the Balkans. It will most likely come to the fact that the United Kingdom to appoint its special envoy for the Balkans, and one of the most serious candidate is former High Representative in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the former Liberal Democrat party leader Paddy Ashdown. Lord Ashdown has returned from Bosnia and Herzegovina with the reputation of an efficient manager, who never hesitated when he should have used the Bonn powers, ie a firm hand. Mostly, it felt good in the Federation in the Republic of Serbian bad. However, he is just one of the managers backed by the state in the country grew louder and worse and worse. But as a connoisseur of the region and as a person in making the ruling coalition took place, allegedly an important role, he has a chance to do so.
 It would also be the link between London and Brussels, as a longtime friend of the house Catherine Ashton. It fulfills the function of the Brussels European Commission vice-president and joint chief of the diplomatic service of the EU. She, like everyone and wanted, and now they still matter, weak European official. However, as such, the British would be able to format, but since it belongs to the opposition Labour Party, this approach must be cautious. Paddy Ashdown, that would be perfect. The main goal of Britain special envoy in the region should be to Bosnia to become a functional state. It is thanks to amazing coincidence characters diplomats and politicians, who, as a sort of combination of chess board on the hierarchy of the new government in London, became one of the priorities of the new British Balkan policy. British policy towards the Balkans, in the opinion of an expert Tim Judah, will not change quickly, but its creation will greatly affect the general public new names.
 These are the advisor of the new Minister of Foreign Affairs Arminka Helic (originally Helić) and adviser to Prime Minister Ed Llewellyn. READ THE REST OF THE ARTICLE in the printed edition GLOBUS British policy towards the Balkans, in the opinion of an expert Tim Judah, will not change quickly, but its creation will greatly affect the general public new names. These are the advisor of the new Minister of Foreign Affairs Arminka Helic (originally Helić) and adviser to Prime Minister Ed Llewellyn. Arminka Helic is young, as they say two of her relatives, emergency kompetenta, serious person in the middle thirties. She, with her family and her brother, also intellectually ambitious, came to Britain as refugees from Bosnia. Her biography is not available on the Internet, although some tituliraju as PhDs. Five years ago she began working in a team led by William Hague, then Minister of Foreign Affairs in the shade. Slowly, the ordinary member of the team has progressed, thanks to the obvious connections, but the ability to place the present chief of the electoral committee of ministers.
 She attributed the fact that the Hague, on several occasions, talked about the Balkans, and especially Bosnia. &quot;Jelly Bosanka may have too much influence on Haguea,&quot; commented the conservative weekly Spectator. But Arminka Helic had, apparently, support Ed Llewellyn, who was a leader Cameron&#39;s election staff, and today was his advisor. That two people can not be away for starting positions. Helice came from the refugee compound, but many young Bosnaci, regardless of what the people were extremely ambitious, many are fit and able. Arminka Helic was probably among them, reached the farthest. Ed Llewellyn, on the other hand, one of the few privileged. Two years older than David Cameron, attended, as well as British Prime Minister, Eaton (a school which has made more than twenty British prime minister) and then Oxford. The first job was handing him the British government the Chinese in Hong Kong, where he led the last British governor Chris Patten.
 When it came to Commissioner Patten to the European Commission, Ed Llewellyn came to him in Brussels. Your correspondent remembers him as a restrained, a friendly and very intelligent diplomat. Chris Patten led the opening of European policy towards the Balkans and Croatia, and set &#39;mechanism&#39; of benefits and sanctions, carrots and sticks, which today serves Brussels in relation to the region. Patten in turn was phenomenal, an impressive figure in every respect, from a British politician as good BBC TV series. He is one of the great figures of the Conservative Party and also advises Cameron, but, officially, not about foreign policy. Neither he should not be excluded from elections for a special envoy. In Pattenovu office, therefore, with your fingers deep into the region, has worked and Miriam Duarte Gonzalez, the current women&#39;s vice-president Nick Clegg British government. (In neighboring Directorate of the European Commission, therefore, not directly to the region, he was her husband, Nick Clegg).
 Those with European experience, from Patton and Clegg are marked &quot;Europeans&quot;, to Llewellyn, will surely be a balance &#39;eurosceptics&#39;, among which are the current Minister of Finance and Economics George Osborne, and also a prominent Tory, the current mayor of London, a former Brussels correspondent Boris Johnson. After completion of the mandate of the European Commission, Prodi, in which Chris Patten was Commissioner for Foreign Policy, Ed Llewellyn went to Sarajevo. There has been almost three years was chief of cabinet, Paddy Ashdown. Llewellyn is probably one of the best real experts on the region, from those who know the theoretical and practical and pragmatic, they know the strengths and tricks. Has also caused controversial reactions in the two entities, but now everyone knows in Bosnia with whom they have a job. Let us Arminki Helic, held exceptionally in the shade, so on the Internet there is only one of her photos.
 Nevertheless, the British newspaper Daily Telegraph, put it in her, of course, arbitrary, the scale at the 61st place of the one hundred most influential Tory. (In front of former Prime Minister Major, former Foreign Minister Hurd). Recently engaged to resolve the issue Ejup Ganic, who was arrested at London airport on the basis of a warrant from Belgrade. But, although it is clear that the new British policy to work on consolidating the state in Bosnia and Herzegovina, there will be no cancellation or the formation of the entity. Overall, the policy will be agreed with the U.S., and EU with Catherine Ashton. Some successes in the Balkans could be a lifeline for her reputation. In recent years, a region that contains most of the countries of former Yugoslavia was not prosperous enough, but in turn the eastern Balkans, because of the bad reputation of Bulgaria and Romania, and especially now because of events in Greece, lost a lot. To think that now, in this situation, the European public believed that someone is planning to expand into a new Balkan country, probably would cause a collective howl of disapproval.
 Especially the Germans are capable of increased irritation, and not only. However, it seems that Britain, thanks mainly to the team, think continue to expand. At least, not yet clear what the relationship would have to Croatia. I do not know what kind of relationship with the policy entry in the package (which now supports a large part of the German elite), but it is clear that this approach, or at least great, great braking and deceleration, prevails. Contours of British Balkan politics know it since late 2007., Since the present Prime Minister, then Leader of the Opposition in the attack, David Cameron, gave an important speech in American Brooking Foundation, entitled &quot;The Balkans - a new crisis?&quot; Cameron is, after all, and all European politics, in the center of their concerns put Bosnia. In a speech in which we recognize Llewellynov manuscript speech from Chris Patten, he alleges that the State needed four types of security, institutional (rule of law and civil society), safety culture (and neugrožen a clear national identity, which is closing the doors of extremism), Economic and Clearly, the physical security of citizens, a strong defense, secure borders.
 Underlying this, too, is a reversal of the Tory compared to its previous policy toward the region. Cameron then, the American politicians, in the presence of his future foreign minister Haguea and advisers Helic and Llewellyn, said that it was a dark and bloody stains in European history. Sarajevo has been evoked as a former Jerusalem multicultural Europe, which has been under a medieval siege, and said it was the culmination of the massacre emerged over the edges of Srebrenica, where he died &quot;eight thousands of&quot; men and boys. He talked about the refugees and displaced persons. &quot;Two million Bosnians looking at America as the savior, the Al-Qaeda&#39;s propaganda does not mention.&quot; &quot;We do not want Bantustan in Europe, we do not want a new Gaza.&quot; &quot;The Balkans is not only our moral imperative, but is essential for our national Security. &quot;What a difference compared to the conservative policy team led by John Major.
 &quot;Today you will not find any uglednijeg torijevca who would defend those policies,&quot; says Melanie McDonagh, Evening Standard columnist and former war reporter in the region. &quot;William Hague will be the complete opposite Hurd.&quot; From then until today, and outlines new policies are elaborated and prepared contacts, mainly in the region. Last year, William Hague and Arminka Helic traveled to Serbia and Bosnia-Herzegovina and met with Vuk Jeremic is Trišić Ana Babic, who was the Serbian Republic, the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs. Then they outlined the contours of future or present, Britain&#39;s Balkan policy. Also briefly met with some Croatian diplomats, but they still do not know exactly how many and how the new Balkan policy apply to Croatia and what it means, as Hague said last week in Brussels to look to Europe and open to support expansion . British historian, specialist for the region, etc.
 Marko Hoare, does not believe that William Hague to stop Croatia, a firmer approach to Bosnia is expected precisely because it is a counterbalance to the demands to stop the expansion. &quot;Cautiously optimistic I am, I expect a little more activism,&quot; says Hoare, who is also an active blogger. Whatever it may be, this policy will be better than Labour because the party has spent the last years. An example is the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, led by the current most promising candidate for future leader of Labour Party David Miliband, where the working group to welcome Pope Benedict, in a delirious complacency so razumljenog creative thinking, toyed with the idea that Pope Benedict launch line of condoms, and opened a clinic for abortion. How a man could be safe and that Croatia and the region does not lead to a similar creative team. No way. In addition, in recent years, the British were poorly accessible contacts in the region, including Croatian.
 New furniture has announced the generally more serious approach to foreign policy.
 