Author: Slavica D. VIENNA IN EASTER CLOTHES Flower Easter Egg Flowers in Kärntner Strasse We are all familiar festive atmosphere in Vienna during Christmas. Then many tourists flocking to the capital of our northern states, because the atmosphere at the time of magic. But no less interesting is not the time around Easter, when the smell of spring and gripped his cake squares. Then they wake up the joy of life, increased during the approaching major Catholic holidays. Black and white designs Easter cakes this beautiful city I have visited on several occasions, last September 1, breathed his color and attempted to convey in the previous travelogue. Here now I feel it a second time at the time was slowly awakening from hibernation, and preparation for the full joy of spring, opening its doors to numerous visitors from all over the world. It seems to me that the beautiful city of the Habsburgs in every season and it is difficult to sort out who is more comfortable experience.
 I had the luck that I won this trip as a gift, which was short but very sweet, but I enjoyed the beautiful weather and colors are always discovered living city. Fair in front of the front of the Schoenbrunn Schoenbrunn Schoenbrunn in the spirit of Easter break from walking on the Schoenbrunn Palace Orchestra In it there are several locations where they maintain a traditional Easter fairs. One of them is the castle of Schoenbrunn, in a large yard. On the left side of the entrance were set up stalls, kiosks, High Bar tables at which drink liters of beer, mulled wine, open air stage playing works of the famous Austrian composer. Everywhere are looking forward to hear the voices of merchants and visitors, and they surprised passers-by, who came to visit the castle and its charming gardens, Strolling in this colorful corner and at least one stall buy something small. I liked the children&#39;s workshop where the little ones, with professional help, made Easter decorations and the image on the paper his imaginative creations, while the other table the teacher teaches small hands playing the interesting instruments.
 Children&#39;s joy end of nowhere. How many tulips! How many colored eggs! We walked around town just on Palm Sunday. From the famous Karlovy coming out of the church blessed the faithful carrying olive branches, palm branches and flowers of willow. The ceremonial uniform acted as a senior class next to us tourists in casual sports clothes and shoes. We wanted poviriti to church and feel part of the atmosphere, but the huge crowd that filled the church and stood outside, was a sign that does not strive in vain. We continue to extend their own way. Colourful houses, souvenir stand on Naschmarkt me most impressed Bayreuth, a small square in the old town, right next Schottenkirche, where there was a pleasant festive atmosphere. Tables full of imaginative Easter decorations, from the colorful eggs sold in cartons, many of them carefully hand painted, and the flowering branches, books, religious relics, cakes, glass, ceramic ornaments, art crafts ... For the square Naschmarkt Freyung certainly aromas culinary delights me most attractive Easter cake, Sacher torte with the inevitable.
 On this square is regularly organizing fairs and Christmas, and it is the first such fair was held back 1772.g. Amazed seen, I followed the sellers and buyers, saw their zeal in his eyes and enjoyment that pervades them at that point. In the background they could hear the sounds of violins. As if this was their whole world, which are the most important event dedicated to all the attention. Tourists have not seen, this is not on their normal routes. Blue Egg chickens, rabbits, skim ... Recent date is the fair on the square Spittelberg in Vienna Bezirk seventh, behind the modern MQ. Located in the city center, yet somehow separate acts, somewhat bohemian, as a pleasant area away from city bustle, with small narrow pedestrian streets, known only to locals. As in other places, offer special Easter items, various handicrafts, and many products that do not really belong to the right Easter offer, but traders were fit here, especially food and drink.
 More candles, Easter candy, and there are galleries, antique shop, restaurants, cafes, pubs ... Many tables are placed outdoors, sitting on high chairs, eating even a leg. Spittelberg not yet become known to tourists, and the Viennese here feel comfortable and free. Although a small space, so the considerable crowd, local residents here feel more comfortable with &#39;their&#39; rather than being pushed among the many curious tourists as it is in Schönbrunn. Just because I felt like an intruder, as I discovered their secret location. Mozart balls of Mirabella I had the impression that here I can find only carefully selected products, handicrafts, there is no place worthless colorful lazam from who-knows-kind factories of the Far East. Probably the city authorities give permission to quote strictly verified. This is at least my impression. Be sure to get permission to own a coffee shop that you always offer good wine that does not stay thirsty, and many hot and less hot drinks, with more or less alcohol in it, you refreshed in the early spring, still chilly days.
 Rustic Everywhere Mozart arrangement, as in other similar occasions, and here rule is: when you buy a drink, get it into the appropriate cup or glass, for which you pay a deposit of 2 euros. With it you can do what you want, you can feel free to keep as a souvenir, no one will chase you for it. And if you want to restore, you can do it on any stand and get back their invested € 2. Dobra fora, like me. Anyhow fruit candles in the shape of eggs glad I came back from preduskršnjeg Vienna, odjenutog in yellow-green, from where I was accompanied by numerous chocolate chickens and rabbits. Certainly his intention to return to a time following the holidays.
 