In South Africa, has just completed World Cup freestyle in which he starred and Zagrepèanin Miran Pirner. Zagrebaèka 22-year-old freestyler Miran Pirner returned with Red Bull Street Style World Championship to be held last week in Cape Town. Although it has not entered into the final of the tournament, has been a valuable five victories. - First of all, I am proud that I had the honor to represent our country at a world championship - began a conversation Pirner for portal Zagrebancija.com. Five wins and two defeats - If I had one before the championships offered in five wins, they would be signed, but now would be the TOP 16 was not realistic to expect - went a little disappointed Miran, who was two defeats in the group cost of further investments. Accommodation and organizations were brutal. What we need god, we got, and there we had a pool and wellness. The situation in South Africa is not what is portrayed in the media.
 We have not had any discomfort Miran Pirner - The group have won the representatives of Australia, Finland, Mexico, Pakistan, and Latvia, and I lost the Dutchman and an American - said Pirner. More about our freestylers Read the complete portal Zagrebancija the world freestyle championships in Cape Town occurred in 60 participants who were deployed in eight groups of 7-8 freestyler, of which only the first two went further into the Top 16 Zagrebaèka freestyler praised the very organization of the tournament and stay in a hotel with four stars. - Private and organizations were brutal. What we need god, we got, and there we had a pool and wellness. The situation in South Africa is not what is portrayed in the media. We have not had any discomfort - Pirner praised his host for the championship, for which he prepared and view from You Tube. Russians practicing at -19 - I watched clips from other events, to better taktièki prepare, rehearse and new combinations of tricks that would impress the jury and surprised opponents - paid tribute to secure their tactics, and described how, for example, the preparation of his counterparts from Russia .
 Pirner at Red Bull World Cup in South Africa Photo Red Bull - Russians practicing outdoors at -19 ° C, and some of our boys winter is already at 10 ° C - said Pirner, who together with his colleagues at a bad time rehearsing their tricks in Zagreb&#39;s Oktogon .- It is the absence of classical field of play, the largest advantage of this sport because it requires only a ball, which is slightly different from the ordinary. Slightly smaller and lighter, made of denim - Pirner explained but added that the majority is usually used freestyler football. Secure seeks support of sponsors and media Pirner has already confirmed that some of his colleagues are now living from the sport, and this is his desire one day. But the paradox is that Pirner has more involvement in neighboring countries than in Croatia. More of everything you read on the website Zagrebancija - At the recent presentation of the new Croatian football jersey, called freestyler from Germany to uvelièa this event.
 Most gigs I work out in Slovenia and Serbia, while in our country to a lesser extent - complained at the end of the call for portal Zagrebancija.com Miran Pirner, and added that the occasional support of sponsors and the media would not be to be rejected.
 