Engineering Firm Vienna found a solution - a hybrid brakes that solves the problem of Toyota cars, which are mass withdrawals. The Austrian company Vienna Engineering claims to know how to solve the problem of brake lines on the popular Toyota Prius hybrid car. In fact, after the Toyota was on a huge pain because of the problems with clenching papuèice gas in the lower position, appeared to be a problem with the brake lines on a hybrid Prius and Lexus luxury HS250h. The problem with the brake lines Vienna Engineering seeks a true global partner who could implement mehatronièku brakes. We would love to work with Toyota to find a solution. Toyota&#39;s reputation in recent decades has been excellent and we are ready to help them to return to the top Christian Wunsch Toyota on Friday reported that it would recall 270 thousand hybrid vehicles in the U.S. and Japan. The U.S. National Authority for Traffic Safety on highways (NHTSA) on Thursday announced it opened an investigation into the problem of security for about 37.000 Prius.
 Many owners have reported that the brakes do not respond to the pressure immediately, or to have a feeling that does not always hold. According to Austrian companies, the solution to this problem lies in the so-called mehatronièkoj brakes, which can go round the problem with the braking in electric cars. It is a system that is a combination of Electronic and mechanical - mechanical brakes manage Electrical motors. Inventor mehatronièke brakes Michael Putz claims that his invention abolished the need for ABS, but also problems with the lack of pressure koèionog who know how to tell exactly in electric cars. &quot;If Toyota listened to me ... &#39; - Remove the gasoline engine you will lose vacuum, and hybrid cars like the Prius, have to have extra electricity to the pump might not work - says Putz. According Putzovim words, when the car switches from gasoline to electrical drive is a complex software that connects the two systems, because without it can not be reliably koèiti.
 Toyota Verso Toyota Photo - The Toyota employing my invention, the problem would be solved by mergers. My brakes are not blocked, so we do not need no ABS. This is the future ELECTRIC vehicles - Putz said. CEO Christian Wunsch says that this system will koèioni not yet entered into production, but the company negotiated with the producers and the brakes would be happy to negotiate is Toyota. - Vienna Engineering seeks a true global partner who could implement mehatronièku brakes. We would love to work with Toyota to find a solution. Toyota&#39;s reputation in recent decades has been excellent and we are ready to help them to return to the top - he said Wunsch. Problem with gas papuèicom Japanese auto giant has found himself in big trouble after it was discovered that papuèica gas can stuck in the down position when adding acceleration. In recent weeks, Toyota Recalls 4.5 million vehicles in North America and Europe, and tens of thousands in China.
 Interrupted the production of eight models in U.S. plants, as a precaution so far unseen in the automotive industry. Croatia Toyota reported Thursday that turn in Croatian authorized service not detected any malfunction and announced sending written notice to the owners. The notice said the company is an extremely rare appearance at a European level, that is, whether it occurs at all, can easily control the ride. How big is the problem and shows the producers of French car makers PSA Peugeot Citroen to WITHDRAW from the market, 97 thousand of its models that were designed in collaboration with Toyota and manufactured in a joint èeškoj factory. Toyota Executive Vice President Shinichi Sasaki on Tuesday expressed his &quot;sincere&quot; apology for technical errors. However, according to the U.S. Transportation Minister Ray LaHood, Toyota is in the United States withdrew the vehicle only after the pressure of U.S. government.
 - While Toyota is now taking responsible action, it took enormous efforts to come to this point. Transport ministry officials are traveling the U.S. to Japan in December to remind management of Toyota to its legal obligations, after which followed a meeting at the headquarters of the ministry in January, to be insisted upon to solve the problem papuèice gas - said LaHood. In Croatia there are no problems of Toyota Ireland reported the turn Thursday that the Croatian authorized service has not detected any malfunction and announced sending written notice to the owners. The notice said the company is an extremely rare appearance at a European level, that is, whether it occurs at all, can easily control the ride.
 