Burk has stirred the public in Western Europe: in Belgium legalized ban on wearing the traditional elements of Arabic culture of dress which women obscure their faces, from partial to full coverage in France, such a law should be enacted soon. Milorad Dodik, Prime Minister of the Republic of Serbian, modeled on the Belgium and France, the Parliament of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the ban on wearing the burka, and Habib Awad, husband Aiman Awad, a former member of the Al Mujahideen brigades in Bosnia and one of hundreds of Bosniak women who want to be covered , says he would no longer leave the house when they banned feredžu, in a speech called Bosnian burka. In Europe today there are around 16 million Muslims, and most of them in France, mainly immigrants and their descendants from former French colonies in North Africa. This is a huge population and assume that you are in it are equally represented by both women and men, carrying or wearing a burka ban turned into a very serious social and political problem.
 The number of Muslims in Europe is constantly increasing: in the English industrial center of Birmingham, for example, a majority Muslim population. The Qur&#39;an does not prescribe a burka, which actually originates from the pre-Islamic traditions. Zagreb Mufti Šefko Omerbašić recalls that Islam does not require wearing a burka, and at a recent conference of European Imams in Vienna said the same thing and pointed out that while few women in Europe wearing burka and therefore any ban completely unnecessary. As a key reason for the ban burka in some European countries cited security reasons for the proponents of these legislative measures may be considered to serve the burqa concealing identity and make it difficult to quickly identify a woman suspected of dishonorable acts. That is part of the traditional Arab attire, at the time of the universal fear of terrorism, became the subject of dispute between the typical western and eastern typical ways of thinking, encourage intolerance, prejudice empowerment, and political instrumentalization of cultural heritage.
 Simply put, look at each burqa on the streets of Paris or Brussels, a potential terrorist threat, the same as in every bikini on the pool Mariott hotel at the Dead Sea to see a girl on the cover of Playboy. A bikinis are commonplace in the resort and not at all scandalous phenomenon, although significantly deviate from the notion of Arab women dress in public. Burk is now very common, and completely unfounded, associated with religious fundamentalism, while it forgets that it is practically the only effective protection of women&#39;s faces from the damaging effects of sunlight, desert winds, dust storms and other climate-friendly features at all, in which sand creeping into every pore of the skin. Westerner devoid of prejudice and stocked with enough intellectual curiosity to understand the differences, which in a different world than the one from which is the birthplace of trying to discover the charm and beauty of unfamiliar customs, habits and traditional heritage in the Arab world can experience the experience that he will fundamentally change the previous worldview.
 Meet on a daily basis with the burqa in Jordan, in the interior of the smaller towns and more frequent and more closed than in urban areas, definitely I was sure that it covered the face can be not only a sophisticated fashion accessory but also a source of unimaginable sex appeal and refined eroticism. When you look at the slot burke two large eyes slightly lowered eyelashes, eyebrows framed carefully refined and discreet lip make up complete picture of restrained and mysterious hidden eroticism, to a man&#39;s imagination acts as a detonator. The sophisticated sex appeal &quot;to the dropper&quot; is more erotic than invasive razgolićivanja typical Western culture, more exciting than many variations to the theme &quot;Open Positions&quot;. In counterbalance, however, modern and traditional details, such as large sunglasses with a prominent logo of a prestigious brand, or iPhone and Burke, Arab woman radiates some special dignity and pride, which is a tradition found a way to modernity, while not deprived of any inheritance or to focus on the future.
 Children love to play hide and seek because the game features the thrill of discovery. It seems to me that the burqa going something like: mystery hidden beneath the volcanic eruptivnost can be felt right away that would conceal the sky that could fly male fantasies. And when a beautiful woman&#39;s face only partly covered by a burqa like the sleek minimalist box frames a beautiful picture, the whiteness of female flesh looks like the finest oil paint on canvas. Lingerie shops of famous fashion brands in tromilijunskom Jordanian capital of Amman are separate stories. It is a kind of lace minimalism rarely find themselves in erotic lingerie specialty stores in major European cities. What, then, as provided for home landscapes and intimate partner radicalized to the level of the most extreme and izazovnosti erotiziranosti, and what is planned as a traditional uniforms for public spaces, dim in every detail and sheltered veil of secrecy.
 In the Arab world, some are female principles quite opposite sign of those gains civilizational heritage in European countries. This means you are different should not mean that they are less feminine and less attractive. On the contrary! Burk was stirred Europe, although few people bothered to find out its philosophical, common, practical and fashion sense. A mysterious attraction gradually revealing layered meanings Burke is sufficient reason for questioning the established beliefs, prejudices, and often, which is on the practical and symbolic level defined relationship to the Arab culture in general. Completely, however, another question is not whether you are burqa today - and those who wear it and those who are trying to ban - for some completely different goals, which have nothing to do with tradition, nor with the customs, culture or with a dress code appropriate climate . In Arab countries burqa is sometimes an instrument of empowerment of Muslim identity and religious legitimization, but also an indicator of whether moving the country toward an advanced and more democratic future or to decide the undisputed respect for tradition and the closure of the influences of the modern age.
 Jordanian Queen Rania, a Palestinian by nationality, not wearing a burka. The concept of coverage in this country is very expandable, but it is much more important that is left to its own freedom of choice and full social tolerance. In Bosnia and Herzegovina Burke until the latest war, quite rarely wore only the older women, and only in small towns and rural areas, while in the cities were the true unknowns. Today is different: Burke is very common in Sarajevo, it points out the background to a separate world in which we want to live in a special way, in the spirit of a strict Islamic doctrine. Let us remind you that everyone is entitled to their choice, no matter how much he liked or not liked the others, we will be able to test their ability to accept different and different from ourselves. Incidentally, in turn, we ask whether the woman attractive it can be seen at first sight or what it is yet to be discovered.
 Zeljko Žutelija Share Posted: 07/18/2010. Discuss Article on Facebook
 