Communism is only apparently destroyed in the BIV © EM Eastern block! Communism is the demon you idovstva ... demon Talmud ... mr ¾ tion and violence against Jews is not you! Communism is in its essence - Satanism and religion of Antichrist! Communism is the most mail and e oprvom OK haunted - KR © ÆANE! Not so much, or Muslims or Buddhists or other ... the West has long been built of the Communist DRU © TVO Talmudic werewolf! The basic tone of Talmudic mr ¾ it on not you Jews is - do not you Jews are not people - but you animals - why do not you Jews were not allowed to own no property, since all property belongs to - ¾ Jews-who are &quot;people&quot; and &quot;chosen&quot; by God to vald world and kill - ¾ Animals - Akume (cattle) Goya - Stoke ... Communism is the deepest expression ® IDIOVSKOG ANTIKRISTOVSKOG ÐAVLA SPIRIT THAT IS IN THEM! Croatia is the liberation from the communist (ido-¾ ¹ evièkog yoke better) rejected the communist-Vampire &quot;porijklo property&quot; of citizens, and behold the U.S. It also EVIL SANADER reintroduced in Croatia only under a different name, even in the same package (a)! Communist re ¾ im a &quot;house&quot; on the door for citizens searching eæi explained ¹ porijklo explanation for their kennel, or a new car, but now it also, as you see it introduces ¹ Sanader (government) in order KOMUNISTIIÈKE, ORWELIJANSKE EU! Connect to all of this with ever new and new dovlaèenjem antinaridnih, Masonic law in London, (and secretly papskih laws in the Vatican) and through this the installed power from London.
 Connect to it with the imposition of so-called. &quot;Tax number&quot; to antinarodna, Masonic authority snakes out of the darkness lo ¾ - citizens consisted of a piece of bread! (Tax code should not accept either a free citizen, because it ® stamping people like you animal, you count a piece of bread), all under la ¾ nom assertion that this &quot;fight koruopcije? so corrupt Masonic bags in Jutarnji published a story about how some in the mail man, a Croat in the Netherlands from inheritance to buy a car for 25 000 euros in cash, and after a few days&quot; on his door knocked police &quot;search eæi explained ¹ explanation for the origin of the money&quot; because of his tax card could not and mail to read from where the money &quot;?!???? so on ¹ poor man &#39;rastrèao&#39; round to take out papers that it was from - the legacy! heeeej, HEY! Well Is not that the Communist evil - © KANJA HER ORIGIN OF PROPERTY CITIZENS!? (is not that communist evil - the origin of property - a modern Croatia rejected?) Take care, trash the Morning (ordered by their bosses) that story published, not as not to adversely ¹, o no! but as &quot;positively&quot;? So, Morning ¹ expanding Communist atrocities! Hypnosis ...
 la ¾, deceit ... NOBODY HAS THE RIGHT TO BE FREE man DR ® AVI ASK FOR ORIGIN OF PROPERTY! Is that clear to you ... or not? Is this not violate citizens&#39; privacy? Who uopæe hold on to states of the citizen and to search her face ¾ origin of their money if the money was not from anyone searching en, en you is not abundant, citizen not registered for any mail that is illegal? THIS IS GSPODO, COMMUNISM! ODVRATNO - ® IDO-COMMUNISM! Onio evil that they are in the Past lim decades pushed the communist enslaved hold states, a sad attempt alas guise - bastard-Western &quot;democracy&quot;! Firstly: A citizen is not obliged to anyone you an take care of the ORIGIN of its assets, all while Diotima is not for the defendant ¹ ¾ en, in any part proptuzakonitom caught, nobody has any money to search and looted as ... etc. This is the wily (¾ Jewish) way of insertion under the so-called blacker-COMMUNISM. &quot;Globalism&quot; and we like Breaking æani, as free citizens, we will not hold parts to give explanations of where to mail delays on our mail krugh you eat! So, the police sitting at computers and view the &quot;tax card&quot; citizens and go knock on deceiving ask, &quot;Where you from this mejsec 100 kuna for which you purchased ¹ lape ...
 and we do not may we and mail to read from your mail will tax the card &quot;!??? No, this is not take-off ... This gives you the Croatians, explained ¹ delay - that some of us builds INVISIBLE Tamnica! prison ... that we put social ¹ socially invisible madman who ¹ oil ... (Programming zombies). Therefore, changing documents, because &quot;the tax code,&quot; because the new &quot;elite police&quot; (DR ® AVNA terrorist organization by the secret liquidation &quot;nepoæudnih&quot; citizens ...) That&#39;s why we Sanader&#39;s new and newly Torture graðanja his and masonic his brothers of - creating a &quot;paradise on earth&quot; paradise for them - hell for us! This is a sign ... that moving Croatians, the Croatian, in still add a normal hold state where your criminals can not search for it - the origin of va ¹ s and ¹ who acquired property and threatened ¾ Avati VBM Life - a secret liquidation of an &quot;elite&quot; police - Your plaæene them money! © to be happening with the Croatian past 10-odd years? as if they were demons in the mail in this country ... &#39; Every day you can read and hear about the only new antinarodnim, bastard-terrorist legislation - persecution of citizens, prijatnjama citizens, all uni ¹ destruction of freedom of the people - results - apathy of people, the national downturn, (through emigration, bjegstvo from totalitarian luðaèke Shopping oil, Tudela, izdajnièke authorities) the cultural and moral, and economic depression trljenjem and eventually collapse ¹ ll hold ave ...
 Remember - only the freedom people doing great on the earth! And in Croatia in recent years in particular - there oscular war against all free, pronarodnog, prohravtskog! This war against freedom of Croats water - Government! Whose government is it? This is a government of those who have been set up in London and Brussels ... Washington ... the secret bad you EU and kabalistièke Snakes Tame ...
 