Bahrain, officially the Kingdom of Bahrain is an island country in southwest Asia. It covers the same name and several smaller island in the Persian Gulf. It has a maritime border with Qatar and Saudi Arabia from which a road bridge. Bahrain&#39;s economy is based on the production and refining of oil, but the country due to limited stocks increasingly turning service, particularly the financial sector. Contents [edit] History According to historians, the earliest mention of Bahrain in Mesopotamian texts which are mentioned as Dilmun. Until the arrival of Islam in the 7th century was ruled by the Persians (the 3rd century BC. Kr. under the rule of the Achaemenid dynasty, later Parthians and Sassanid Empire). 899. Bahrain was ranked the Islamic sect Karmatinci that there wanted to establish so-called. ideal state. Bahrain was the center Karmatinaca who are in the 10 century, established a powerful state and looted the surrounding area. 930. was even sacked Mecca and Medina and the holy Kaaba stone brought in Bahrain.
 Abbasids defeated the 976th Karmatince , and 1076th Hasidim were finally captured Bahrain. In the 14th century it was controlled by Shiite dynasty of Qatif. At that time the name of Bahrain used for the entire coastal area of Kuwait to Oman, and the island was called Awal. In the 16th century, the Portuguese expanded its colonial empire and set up trading bases around the world. 1521st Bahrain took over and ruled the 1602nd Then they were expelled by the Persians (Safavid Dynasty) which are imposed in Bahrain Shiite Islam, which direction is the state religion in Persia. 1717th and 1732nd Bahrain were attacked by Turks and Persians have their power back 1753rd 1783rd Bahrain is the tribe of Beni zavladalo Utba. 1797th arrived al-Khalifa dynasty which eventually gained power. Al-Khalifa dynasty is concluded trade agreements with the British and the economic development of Bahrain. The British eventually received an increasing influence in the Bahrain in 1861. became their protectorate.
 1932nd has discovered oil and since then the economy is developing rapidly. After the second World. War and the establishment of Israel strengthens anti-Judaism, and the Bahraini many Jews immigrated. 1970th held a referendum in which the majority of the population opted for full independence from Great Britain. Iran has demanded the annexation of Bahrain, but it has not been achieved. 1971st Bahrain has become an independent emirate. 1981st Shiites are using Iran attempted unsuccessful coup. Bahrain is profiled as a leading financial center of the Arab world. 1986th was dumped sandy strip that links Bahrain with Saudi Arabia and it has built roads, and in this way, Bahrain is connected to the mainland (Most of King Fahd). 2002nd changed the name of the state and emirate has officially become the kingdoms. Topographic map of Fontana Bahrain in Manama [edit] Geography of Bahrain is the archipelago consisting of 33 islands (the island of Bahrain and 32 smaller islands).
 It is located in the Persian Gulf along the northern coast of the Arabian peninsula in the Gulf between Qatar and the Arabian coast. The island is mostly flat and covered with sand dunes. In the center is 134 m high mountain, Jabal ad Dukhan. The climate is desert with extremely hot summers and mild winters something. Rainfall is low and mostly falls in winter when the humidity is high. Often the wind is blowing north-Samal [edit] Transport Bahrain&#39;s King Fahd Bridge connected with Saudi Arabia. It is not a bridge in the true sense of the word because it is built on the filled up ground (in the sea nasipavao sand and through him to build roads). Long is 28 km. The most important sea port for international traffic are Mina &#39;Salman, Manama and Sitrah. In Bahrain there are two airports (international airport and airport Among Shaikh Isa). [Edit] Population Further article: Ethnic groups in Bahrain Bahrain Most of the residents are Arabs, and there are many foreign workers.
 Islam is the state religion. About 80% of the population are Muslims, Christians 10% and 10% of Asian members of different faiths (mostly foreign workers). Among Muslims, Shiites predominate. Very high natural population growth and increasing population. [Edit] The form of government changes to the constitution 2002nd year, Bahrain became a parliamentary monarchy with a bicameral parliament. The government is al-Khalifa dynasty of origin emir (king), the prime minister and 80% of the government. The king appoints representatives of the upper house of parliament (50% of MPs), a lower house is elected in the elections. [Edit] Economy of Bahrain is among the economically highly developed countries of the Persian Gulf that their wealth is based solely on the export of oil and natural gas. Oil and natural gas account for over 60% of exports and government revenues. Therefore, Bahrain&#39;s economy is highly sensitive to oil prices. It is believed that Bahrain is the financial center of the Arab world.
  • 2) It is also part of Oceania. v • d • Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) Afghanistan • Albania • Algeria • Azerbaijan • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Benin • Ivory Coast • Burkina Faso • Brunei • Chad • Djibouti • Egypt • Gabon • Gambia • Guinea • Guinea Bissau • Guyana • Indonesia • Iran • Iraq • Jordan • Yemen • Cameroon • Qatar • Kazakhstan • Kyrgyzstan • Comoros • Kuwait • Lebanon • Libya • Maldives • Malaysia • Mali • Mauritania • Morocco • Mozambique • Niger • Nigeria • Oman • Pakistan • Palestine • Saudi Arabia • Senegal • Sierra Leone • Somalia • Sudan • Surinam • Syria • Tajikistan • Turkey • Tunisia • Togo • Turkmenistan • Uganda • Uzbekistan • United Arab Emirates Countries with observer status with Bosnia and Herzegovina • Central African Republic • Russia • Thailand • Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Muslim organizations with observer status Moroska National Liberation Front International organizations with observer status with the Organization for Economic Cooperation • • African Union Arab League Non-Aligned Movement • United Nations • Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bahrein&quot; Category: Bahrain
 