Authorities in Dubai yesterday issued an international arrest warrant for 11 people with passports of European states accused of killing of Hamas leader Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, whose body was found 20th January at a luxury hotel room Al-Bustan Rotana. According to figures released by the police ten men and one woman arrived in Dubai with British passports, Ireland, France and Germany and killed by Al-Mabhouh 24 hours after he was staying in a hotel near the international airport, reports AP. Hamas has accused Israel of killing the secret service Mossad. This statement is confirmed by unnamed sources that the British government for The Daily Telegraph confirmed that three men who are most likely to use Irish passports were Mossad agents. Dubai Police Chief Dahi Khalfan of Tamim at a press conference in detail described the covert operation that preceded the assassination of Hamas leaders.
 According to his claims, three British and one Irish commit murder, five others, including a woman, were co-organizers, a man with a French passport, was the main organizer. Michael Barney, James Clarke, Jonathan Graham, Paul Keeley, Stephen Hodes, Melvyn Mildiner (all with a British passport), Gail Folliard, Evan Dennings, Kevin Daveron (all with an Irish passport), Peter Elvinger (with a French passport) and Michael Bodenheimer ( with a German passport) came apart in Dubai and booked various hotels. As soon as the Al-Mabhouh arrived at their hotel, they began to accompany him, and later booked a room on his own. All costs are paid in cash and are often changed phone numbers to stop monitoring. Police also revealed a video in which the killers of Hamas leaders appear to have fake beards and wigs, and their sports equipment in which look like tourists.
 Police chief says Tamim&#39;s murder only lasted about 10 minutes and that the leader of Hamas, according to initial findings of forensic experts, possibly strangled. Murderers are entered in the Al-Mabhouhovu room while he was out with the help of fake cards to unlock the door. After the assassination of the group immediately dispersed, some had traveled to Europe and part in Asia. From the moment they arrived in Dubai until their departure passed 19 hours. Al-Mabhouh, which was stopped in Dubai on holiday in Iran, had no escort. The Hamas statement issued after the killings said that Al-Mabhouh participated in the actions of kidnapping and murder of Israeli soldiers 1989th year. The official reaction of Israel, Britain, France, Ireland and Germany on the whole case has gone.
 