part of the dollar bill all have seen the dollar bill. No? Well, if not then you have missed to see the symbol of the pyramid with svevidećim eye on its top, which is located on the banknote. Below the picture unfinished pyramid is the inscription &quot;Novus Ordo seclorum&quot; who 1782nd proposed by Charles Thompson, one of the founders of the American nation, when asked by Congress to come up with the final design of the great seal of the United States. Thompson has never been fully explained to the translation of this motto, but he explained its symbolism, which means &quot;beginning of a new American era.&quot; And the story would stop if we do not know how the unfinished pyramid with the eye symbol svevidećim Illuminati, one of the mysterious secret society in history. The original Illuminati were a secret society which is 1776th founded the Bavarian professor Adam Weishaupt. His goal was to eliminate organized religion and all governments of the world and lead mankind in the new world order governed by an absolute sense.
 However, their plot was soon discovered the Bavarian government and the Illuminati have been forced to hide and work in even greater secrecy. About them do not know much after that persecution, but conspiracy theorists believe they still exist and operate behind the scenes of world politics. Some of their greatest achievements are considered to be the French Revolution, world wars, communism and the United Nations and the European Union as a means of centralizing the world under a single parliament, constitution and currency. Synonymous with the Illuminati today, the Council for overseas connections, a think tank consisting of a rich banker, famous scientists and influential politicians. It is believed that the work on the realization of a new world order, a secular world government with the UN as the police. No one can prove the existence of the Illuminati, but conspiracy theorists everywhere see their impact. The intriguing thing is that the Illuminati osnaovani just 1776th
 When the U.S. declared independence, while keeping in mind the motivation for the management of the world is not hard to put two and two. Bavarian Illuminati Adam Weihaupt is a known fact that the Order of the Illuminati was founded by a man named Adam Weishaupt, born 6 veljače 1748th Ingolstadt in the independent state of Bavaria. Hailing from a Jewish family that had adopted Christianity. Accordingly, Weishaupt was given to the care of Jesuits who educated him. As a child he learned Czech and Italian, and later Latin, Greek and Hebrew. Although the Jesuits laid their hopes in him because of his talent in languages and science, he rebelled against them and became professor of natural and canon law at the University of Ingolstadt. Around the 1768th, Weishaupt began to collect large quantities of documents by which it is intended to establish his own academy of scholars. He read every ancient text file and that he could obtain.
 Particularly interested in the occult and was fascinated by the Pyramids of Giza (which would later become a symbol of his Order). It is believed that it was then an influential Rothschild family [1] hired to help her plans to rule the world. Weishaupt from that moment devoted himself plans &quot;transformation&quot; of the human race and creating a new world order. 1st svibnja 1776th founded the Order of the Illuminati. The name is taken from the translated name of the old Spanish cult &quot;alumbrados&quot;, whose members are believed to receive knowledge from that world. Iluminatus means &quot;enlightened,&quot; one who rules through reason, freed from the darkness in which people keep organized religion. Some Illuminati associated with the name of Lucifer, whose name means &quot;light bearer.&quot; It is speculated that Weishaupt did not accidentally chose the date of the first of May, but that it symbolizes the continued persecution of Christians ended on that date abdication of the Roman emperor Diocletian.
 Declaration on the Establishment of the Bavarian Illuminati Even the name of the founder has a symbolic meaning: literally translated, Adam means &quot;first man&quot;, while Weishaupt means &quot;wise head&quot;. Around him was gathered about two thousand followers who paid the promised power of the world. These were members of the intellectual elite, covering various fields of literature, science, economics. Weishaupt had invested much effort to the university raised as members of the Illuminati, the product suitable for its objectives. It would therefore be selected and talented students received scholarships for this training. The main objective of the Illuminati was the abolition of the monarchy (and any other form of traditional authority), private property, patriotism, the institution of marriage and all religions *. To all who are working towards that goal were allowed all sredstva.Regrutiranje members was an easy job. Many of them were of noble origin - Baron Xavier von Zwack, Adolf von Knigge, Alexander Radischev, Claudio Manuel da Costa, JWGoethe and Mozart.
 Shortly after its establishment, Weishaupt was realized that the best way to carry out its plans for the infiltration of members of the Illuminati, the Masonic Lodge. Masons at that time were semi-powerful company that has gathered in its ranks of elite people. Infiltration of the Masonic Lodge had two advantages: we are a society freemasons but everyone knew that their rites were secret, Weishaupt was reckoned that his plans will be shrouded in secrecy, but the public will pay attention to them because it is used to the Freemasons. Second, since many Masons were influential people, they would be easily recruited for the Illuminati goals. Silent &quot;coup&quot; was carried out effectively. Weishaupt, along with colleague Kniggeom Mason (who was already planning to centralize Freemasonry), many recruited from the highest ranks of the Illuminati Masons. According to the Masonic hierarchy Weishaupt organized and their secret society. There are three classes: Nursery, which consisted of The Apprentice, Novice, and Minervae Iluminatus minora.
 Second, Masonic classes contained levels of major and Iluminatus Iluminatus dirigens. The third class called Mysteries was divided into lower (Presbyter and Regent) and more mysteries (Magus and Rex). The lowest class progress was accomplished by writing the dissertation research, opportunities for the middle class was similar to the Masonic initiation ritual, while most classes are no written documents. As already mentioned, the main goal of the Illuminati was to destroy the government, and especially religion. Weishaupt saw human reason as the sole authority, and religion as a barrier to understanding. Dragging an analogy with the parts of the Bible, usvrdio that his organization is like the fruit tree of knowledge of good and evil. What is the biblical God withheld the man, that Weishaupt &quot;religion&quot; offers its followers, along with world powers. While traditional religion says that man is a sinner, a priori, Weishaupt thesis is that man is not fundamentally bad - religion and state are the ones who make it bad.
 To came out of this situation, we must use reason. Because of these teachings of the Church has condemned the Illuminati of Satan worshipers, and reacted strongly against them. Document illuminata recent origin of the Illuminati had its critics (George Washington, the abbot Barruel, Professor Robinson), but also people who thought the association Masons and the Illuminati positive (Thomas Jefferson, Walter M. Fleming, Albert Mackey). (Manifold, 1998.) Illuminati soon infiltrated world governments, and came up American. However, although Weishaupt was a brilliant intellectual, he had great leadership abilities. He had to face a lot of scandals and problems on the site Iluminatus Rex. The first is the cause of his mistress who received his child and threatened to denounce him publicly. Then the Baron von Knigge, who played a major role in creating the Masonic-iluminatskog Alliance, sought a place Weishauptovog ruler, with which he disagreed, and this has left the Red von Knigge.
 Some writers such as Herder and Fichte (members of the Illuminati) have advocated for a united Germany, which was contrary to the service engineers plan termination nationalism. Weishaupt arrogance and refusal to listen to his subordinates have created him many enemies in his own ranks. However, the 1784th Bavarian authorities found out about this company. Messenger who was carrying plans for the Illuminati was killed by lightning hitting the storm. The documents that had been found next to them and forwarded to the Bavarian government, which was immediately declared illegal society. Weishaupt had fled from Bavaria to the east to Moscow and finally in the town of Gotha, where he died on 18th studenog 1830th Even his death has remained unclear. Aides say he suddenly died while working on the hermetic magical writings. However, his death, the Company has not ceased to exist, but on the contrary, documented by several generations Iluminatus who continued to work in secret.
 New world order theory of the new world order means the belief that an organization (in this case, the Illuminati) aspires to achieve centralization of world politics, ie the creation of a secular world government. New World Order is a totalitarian organization, and its organizers absolute power. Some of the specific objectives of the abolition of private property and rights to possession of a firearm, all elections are controlled by the United Nations, the Constitution of the United States replaced the UN Charter, the abolition of home schooling curriculum and the introduction of the world. luminati access to this secret. Their method of reaching the world through military power is not a public revolt, but operating as a behind the scenes. Illuminati never speak out publicly, they are working secretly - infiltrate their members into high government positions of powerful countries, used bribery and blackmail high ranking officials as they carry out their will. It is a rule of the invisible hand [2].
 Members of the Illuminati is not the goal to achieve world government during their life, but gradually preparing to perform and lead to a centralization of world politics, with the United Nations as the headquarters for all operations. Manipulation of the media here has a major role, as well as setting the key people in charge of important organizations. One method of achieving their goals in the conspiracy theory known as problem-reaction-rješenje.Ilustrirajmo to the example of the UN. After the war 2.svjetskog established by the UN as an organization that will ensure world peace through international politics and the &quot;world police&quot;. It is believed that the Illuminati were the ones who inspired the world wars (the problem). World population has reacted to these wars (reaction) the aspiration to establish institutions that will regulate the wars. So the Illuminati created a solution, ie the UN. Conspiracy theorists believe the United Nations an institution that will achieve a new world order.
 Already well-known fact that David Rockefeller (billionaire and a name that is often associated with the Illuminati) donated land for the UN building gives rise to various speculations. The United Nations is an organization with worldwide influence. The European Union has the same purpose as the UN European countries unite under a common constitution and currency. Thus, each state has less power, which is increasingly collected in the hands of elites. Symbolism official symbol of the Illuminati was still very famous pyramids, taken by Mason. This symbol is a pyramid on top of which is surrounded by some rays of light. It has already been noted that Weishaupt was fascinated by the mystery of the Great Pyramid in Giza. Modern simbolozi believe that ancient Egyptian pyramid is an occult symbol that represents a convergence towards the peak of enlightenment. In this case the peak of the &quot;eye that sees everything,&quot; also called &quot;Trinacria.&quot; Weishaupt is believed to be the most intelligent man to take the place of the eye and rule with absolute power and reason.
 It is a pagan symbol that Weishaupt took the symbolically indicates the ability of its Order to all controls. It can be concluded that the overall symbol of enlightenment selected for illuminatskih aims to disperse the myth of religion and bring the light of reason and science. The inscription &quot;Novus Ordo seclorum&quot; in Latin means &quot;new secular order&quot;, which is consistent with the Illuminati idea of a secular state. Their original beliefs are actually a kind of compilation of the mystical teachings of various groups throughout history. The Illuminati have embraced tantric meditation exercises that use the mind and body. They also practiced the methods and concepts of the Muslim cult of Assassins, as well as those of various Gnostic Christian groups. Although the first and most important goal of the Illuminati was world domination, they had other aspirations. These were the transcendental illumination (liberation of the mind from all worldly bondage), immortality and absolute knowledge and power.
 To achieve this, we intensively studied the magic of old files and deals with methods of astral projection. Artist esoteric teachings of the Illuminati pay per click advertising Conspiracy Theories Illuminati structure influence today Although the history and goals of the Illuminati quite well known, there are many speculations about how they spent their goals. Probably the most popular theory is that the Illuminati symbol on the back of U.S. dollar banknotes in fact evidence of their success to control the U.S. government. The design of the banknote, which was made by Charles Thomson predstvljen U.S. Treasury 1935th That year is considered a time when the Order has spread from Europe to America and infiltrated by the host society of Masons. And the Masons are kept mainly high positions in government. One of them was Vice President Henry Wallace. It is not known whether Wallace was disguised Iluminatus or worked directly under their influence, and successfully lobbied for the symbol is accepted as the Great Seal.
 President Theodore Roosevelt was alleged Iluminatus. The phrase &quot;Novus Ordo seclorum&quot; is the terrifying contrast to the phrase &quot;In God We Trust&quot; which is located on the front of the banknote. (Manifold, 1998). As the first major success of the Illuminati to create a new world order is considered the French Revolution. According to the theories, the Illuminati agents are encouraging people to revolt and inspire enlighteners Jacobins and their ideas. In support of these theories by the fact that the Enlightenment, but a lot of similarities in the name of the Illuminati, advocated a secular society, and understanding that will rule over human action. Soon after the Napoleonic wars, the Illuminati realized that Europe was so affected by the suffering that will accept any political solution that will be drawn from the crisis. It is believed that the family Rotshchild those who organized the Congress of Vienna 1814th year to try to mold the political map of Europe according to their vision of the New World Order.
 After World War I, founded the League of Nations as a first attempt at political unification of the world. This organization has already failed because he had a system of sanctions that would punish states that have violated international laws. The United Nations is considered the continuation of these plans. As one of the great world leaders, even Hitler was not spared from being around his person ispletu conspiracy theories associated with the Illuminati. It is believed that they had at the time of his youth, when he worked as a painter, Rotschildeovi noticed his charisma and talent. When he ended up in prison, written the book &quot;Mein Kampf&quot; in his name and the day was full of his financial and political support to come to the place of the German Chancellor. Psychoanalyst Walter Langer even going to the assertion that Hitler was a Rothschild offshoot of the family, and the persecution of the Jews had the purpose to draw attention from people who actually stand behind it.
 Authors Gary Allen and Larry Abraham (Allen and Abraham, 1998.) Drawn a connection between the Illuminati and the famous German economist and philosopher Karl Marx. According to them, Marx joined a group who called themselves &quot;The Company is righteous men&quot; and persuaded him to write the &quot;Communist Manifesto&quot; as a demagogic bait that will easily swallow the poor population. &quot;Communist Manifesto&quot; has actually been in circulation long before Marx, and he just renewed and systematized the revolutionary plans which was originally set up Adam Weishaupt. &quot;Company of the righteous men&quot; was actually an extension of the Illuminati who were hiding from the law. Critics of this theory argue that the only similarity between the &quot;Communist Manifesto&quot; and the Illuminati idea of the concept that people can manage themselves without government influence. Illuminati ideas summit of virtue and morality and the basis for reformation of the world is not purely communist goals reflected in the violent abolition of the social order.
 Tip of the Conference of the Council of Foreign connections in Chicago Council on Foreign bond (Eng. Council on Foreign Relations, CFR) was founded around the 1921st as a nonprofit and nonpartisan civic organizations to private individuals to participate in American politics. Their official goal is &quot;to improve American understanding of the world and suggestions for the foreign policy of the United States.&quot; This is achieved by constructive discussions on international issues and the release of the official journals. CFR&#39;s &quot;think tank&quot; [4] in the true sense - there are currently about 4000 members, mostly former presidents, ambassadors, stock brokers, wealthy business owners, media owners, selected senators, principals and teachers. Because of its history, connections and influence CFR is popularly known as one of the triumvirate of elite organizations (the other two are the Bilderberg Group and the Trilateral Commission). Generally, the CFR viewed as a closed discussion group in which to make decisions that affect world politics.
 Therefore, the target of many conspiracy theorists who claim that the organization is working on establishing a new world order. Written by Pat Robertson in his book &quot;The New World Order&quot; (Robertson, 1991.) Draws a connection between the CFR and the Illuminati. Referring to statements podadmirala Chester Ward, former CFR member, said that the goal of this organization, published a very narrow circle of its members, disarmament, sovereignty, marginalization of the United States and the creation of all-powerful world government. In the center of their policies is the idea that enlightened monopolistic capitalism can allow to merge all the different currencies, banking systems and the production and management of natural resources into a single unit controlled by a world government, and which is available to police the world (it is assumed that it was the army of the United Nations) . At meetings of the Council members are encouraged to freely and openly their ideas and thoughts, because the other members of the banned his words carry the media, unless they get special permission to do so.
 Their ideas and goals are difficult to implement without the mass media, holding in his hand. The author believes that the CFR is just a branch of a large worldwide group of conspirators called the Round Table (according to many, synonymous with the Illuminati), whose goal is to control public opinion through a variety of psychological operations. pay per click advertising
 