Author: Portal Jutarnji.hr Published: 02.05.2010 NEW YORK - It is difficult to determine the extent of the disaster that would come to T-shirt vendor in Times Square had not noticed the smoke coming out of a parked vehicle. Reported to the police and thus avoided a car bomb in the heart of the metropolis, is constantly filled with a bunch of people, both local and tourists. RELATED NEWS News You would explode soon evacuated the entire Times Square, a special police unit responsible for deactivating bombs discovered in a vehicle parked in a potentially explosive device, three propane gas bottles, two bottles with the 19 liters of gasoline, fireworks pyrotechnic devices, two hours on batteries, electric wires and other components. - We are very happy because we managed to avoid what could be very deadly event - said Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who immediately dojurio a dinner for correspondents in the White House.
 Police officials have confirmed that this is an &quot;amateur drawn explosive device,&quot; but added that she would &quot;certainly exploded.&quot; - This event is a reminder that New York remains the main target of terrorists - the mayor said. Chief of the New York Police Raymod Kelly said the goal of the attackers was &quot;a fire of larger scale.&quot; Governor of the State of New York, David Paterson, said it was a &quot;terrorist act&quot;. He announced also that the city, the federal government and the U.S. do anything to the perpetrators of atrocities to justice. Waited for the &#39;Lion King&#39; Reseller shirt, a veteran of the Vietnam War, warned the police to the smoke of a Nissan Pathfinder, parked at the intersection of 45th Street and Broadway Avenue with the engine is running, and included all four hazard. In the immediate vicinity of people were waiting in line to play &quot;The Lion King.&quot; A police officer then visited the vehicle.
 - I felt the smell of gunpowder, and it was clear that it can explode. I was scared just going to explode before we respond - he told reporters. Mayor Kelly announced, however, that the vehicle was stolen license plate. By signing this release no one has claimed responsibility for setting up car bombs in the heart of New York. City officials have confirmed that reported President Barack Obama event. - The President praised the quick reaction of the New York Police and said that federal authorities are ready to provide all necessary assistance - said White House spokesman, Robert Gibbs. Times Square has already been discharged in December last year when he noticed a suspicious van parked. Permanent standby, however, showed that it was not a word about anything hazardous. New York is in a constant state of readiness of 11 September 2001. when they brought the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center towers.
 U.S. warns India on Saturday on a possible attack on New Delhi. Napolitano: We have fingerprints, and there are cameras Minister of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano said the government collected all the evidence from the car bomb which was discovered in Times Square in New York. To show &quot;Meet the Press&quot; television network NBC has said that the whole incident is treated as a potential terrorist attack, but it is too early to say who might be responsible. However, confirmed that she had already done most of the forensic work and that they collected valuable evidence, including fingerprints. She recalled that in that area is a large number of surveillance cameras that will surely provide valuable evidence to investigators. Number of recommendations: 7 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 