nice to me again honored the epithets of poor and ignorant kopipastera and I thank you for that, but aside from kićenog style and arrogance, I noticed some significant shifts in the argument issue ... What you think my arrogance, is actually an expression of your inability to suprotstaviš meaningful arguments, which would not be focused on people and processes, but the facts that determine whether human conditioned warming or not. And, if you have not noticed, I do not argue here, but only debunkiram your so called. &quot;Arguments&quot;, which uncritically kopipastaš with profaniranih sites. So the astronomer, physicist hansen ... Oh yeah. And what is it that makes someone a climatologist? I guess zavšena mean climatological (all with honors), and climatological studies at university and then the exam! Hansen was an astrophysicist, but by 1976 (according to his own testimony) is engaged in climatology of the globe and has published dozens (if not hundreds) of scientific papers, which brought him a worldwide reputation and the leadership of one of the leading institutes in nearly 30 years.
 and that the whole story about global warming, principally the result of a beautiful simulations that should justify the rigging and the politicization of science. that the raga on global warming and tired of Americans devoted to other more specific problems, well, at least you acknowledged the legitimacy of Gallup, but you have to spice up immediately with Belivers and deniers, and dragged the subject to another court. Again iznosiš falsehoods. It&#39;s not about &quot;one Krasnoje simulation&quot; (It goes without saying that this is a layman and an imposter, J. Hansen), but a more fully independent groups that have developed a global atmospheric models. In the document, which refers to the link below, those listed were 23, out of which &quot;Hansen&#39;s&quot; just one model. http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/wg1/ar4-wg1-chapter8.pdf As for spoofing climate science, and you owe your company who are eagerly waiting for a response as possible worldwide conspiracy of such magnitude , in which the list included all the relevant institutes from countries with diametrically opposed political agendas and thousands of scientists.
 Climatological community is somewhat broader than the concept of J. Hansen and NASA. And that actually was a motive that in this gigantic fraud united all these people? As for the politicization - that is the fact that the climate, and potential problems that would be related to changes could occur, and the mechanisms for their mitigation, the political issue a couple of Excellence because of the global nature. I&#39;m not dragged Gallup subject to &quot;another court&quot;, but there where it belongs. Because I was the result of research has nothing to do with the state of scientific knowledge about AGW (the good and bad), but the level of informed, the authority of one who gives information about the political affiliations of the respondents. still seems some things bother http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science_and_environment/10178124.stm You can be sure that none of these is not pushed under the nose of George Soros as Hansen&#39;s argument that there is no warming. This process only works in favor of climate science and will help to &quot;bad science&quot;, where it is, review and possibly reject if necessary.
 I suppose it is not surprising that Hansen slightly raised his feeble voice of anti-Bush when he held a bag of Al Gore in the second administration in creating one of the greatest of pamphlets from the time Goebbels and that of the legendary climbing the stairs. Gore I had admired since the first tipper true Deadhead like myself, and another was shamelessly looted in the presidential campaign, but his subsequent character and work has turned into something completely different, let&#39;s be honest a bit of a lie in the pieces for which the Misak Nobel laureate. though he lied to his boss, and eventually became a sex blowjob though, like that legendary ličko prta operation between the anus and basketball player. to explore what Monica Lewinsky did the boss spent 30 million dollars for the destruction of the twin 15 million dollars. See what the scientific approach and scientific priorities matter. What are you trying to prove here? In this moussaka are embroiled Hansen, Bush, Al Gore, Clinton, Monica Levinsky, Lika handling, demolition of &quot;twins&quot; (I know you&#39;re strong in the latter) ...
 If you missed it, we talk about whether there is warming or not, not on whether and why Al Gore is exaggerating in his film, and jel love him or not. It is also nice that you noticed that I noticed the suspicious use of models and that has not distanced himself from it because it would be scientifically, this is talking about something else, like you understand immediately attributed my blissful ignorance. I am ignorant, because I&#39;m not an atmospheric physicist and really have no idea about the models. but this does not prevent me to read about it, and how I see no wrong in particular, because I was not killed. So how weak my brain understands Hansen Rasool 1971 allowed the use of simulations of the atmosphere of Venus application to the atmosphere of the country, among whom there are undoubtedly some differences, which do not have zarvšiti pmf to make them understand. understand that you can draw rišeljeovski each sentence from my post and from it draw a conclusion that suits you.
 I have concluded that in 1971 advocated a global cooling, a few years later becomes low temperatures warming, not going into anybody&#39;s motivation, why it works. Now, I doubt you even read what I write. And nothing I do not taken out of context. You and repeat here: &quot;I have concluded that in 1971 advocated a global cooling, a few years later becomes low temperatures warming, not going into anyone&#39;s motivation why it works.&quot; So, you claim that you and I will show you that this is sheer lie, because Hansen simply nowhere and has never advocated global cooling. And, what&#39;s the problem, but your persistence in spreading lies? As for the &quot;arguments&quot; about the validity of data hansenovih, a professional meteorologist on his blog (hebat it again, I quote a blog, you know that the scientific zeloti that bristle), which showed that many of the measurement stations in inappropriate places. It must be familiar with this site, because I see that you&#39;re well-read man, a suspect named Anthony Watts, a meteorologist (not an astrophysicist, not a journalist hatevea, and not ickeovim books) is a specialty (weather measurement and weather presentation technology is my specialty) , so we&#39;ll take it as a relevant source.
 Well look, if you think Anthony Watts relevant sources, then you really do not have nothing to talk about. It is a good man who lives by his so-called. disavowal &quot;official&quot; climate, but his lack of honesty and integrity have long exposed. Just to illustrate, you have to read a serious point about your favorite. Perhaps these impressions change. http://climateprogress.org/2010/03/11/wattergate-tamino-debunks-anthony- ... Regarding the story about the (supposedly) and tendentious (necessary) creative methods of processing data on the temperatures and supposedly crucial evidence that the entire &quot;official&quot; climatology in the k. .., and thus global warming, because, in short, the very data are incomplete and inaccurate, and then processed in such a way that creates hope for a result (again, that Hanson), maliciously sought &quot;hair in the egg&quot; and then displayed as compromising evidence that this is fraud.
 Koa what I previously wrote, this is an inconsistent set of data, whose processing on this one way or another can cause different opinions. Discussions on how to be taken for a long time and I doubt it will ever come to a complete consensus on whether the applied methods are suitable or not. There will always be those who will be condemned for working in bad faith, but from there to the evidence that this is truly a complete miss and / or fraud on your sorrow and your favorite so far. In addition, there are data on ocean temperatures (90% heating energy deposited in the oceans) that clearly show the trend of warming, in correlation with warming of the atmosphere. Warming oceans, while cooling lii stagnation temperature of the atmosphere is a physical impossibility. Satellite measurements of temperature, although uncalibrated, also show a warming trend. The Observer
 