Krishna Menon, Indian Ambassador to the UN - 1957th held the eight-hour speech, the longest in the history of the Security Council. At one point, collapsed from exhaustion and had to be hospitalized, but he returned and spoke even one whole hour. Fidel Castro, Cuban president - 1960. spoke for four hours, the longest speech in the General Assembly. Mostly criticized American imperialism and insulted Kennedy and Nixon. During the General Assembly and Castro was in his hotel room holding live chickens. Nikita Khrushchev, Soviet Premier - 1960. made history as it is in an attempt to silence the Philippine delegates, who criticized the Soviet imperialism, took off his shoe and banged it on the table. &quot;Mr. President, take heart that sycophant American imperialism,&quot; he exclaimed. H. Cabot Lodge, U.S. Ambassador to the UN - 1960. during a speech at the Security Council took the U.S. coat of arms carved in wood, which the U.S. embassy in Moscow donated to the Society of Soviet-American friendship.
 Then he pulled out with tweezers from a small microphone, &quot;a concrete example of Soviet espionage.&quot; Idi Amin, Ugandan leader who once wrote a letter in which he supported the Nazi attempt to exterminate the Jews - 1973. was praised by British Prime Minister Edward Heath, comparing him with Adolf Hitler. In an interview with a German journalist, then withdrew his claim and said that Heath was more like Winston Churchill. Daniel Ortega, Nicaragua&#39;s President - 1987. attacked U.S. policy in Central America, especially because of Contra funding. &quot;Before you consult a hot-headed that represent various military options, such as military invasion, remember, President Reagan, that Rambo only exists in the movies,&quot; said Ortega. Colin Powell, U.S. secretary of state - 2003. the Security Council showed the bottle which he claimed to contain anthrax spores, in an attempt to substantiate claims of the Bush administration that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction.
 Hugo Chavez, Venezuela&#39;s president - first of four years compared George W. Bush with Satan. &quot;The Devil was here yesterday, even smell of sulfur,&quot; he said when reached for a booth to which the previous day, saying the U.S. president. MU&#39;AMMAR Gaddafi, Libyan President - 2009. the first time spoke to the UN, although it was 40 years in power. Compensate for the omissions in the speech of 100 minutes, which dealt with theories about the Kennedy assassination, the Security Council compared with al-Qaeda. After 75 minutes of a translator he collapsed of exhaustion, and previously was the microphone, he exclaimed: &quot;I can not take it anymore!&quot;
 