The television series Boys from Madison (Mad Men), the third consecutive year was named best drama series at the 62nd allocation of U.S. television Emmy awards, held Sunday in Los Angeles. Modern Family was crowned best comedy series which took off from the throne of the rule of television series work (30 Rock). The guys from Madison, is a special display of American advertising agency in the sixties, and shows up on AMC cable station. Satirical series Modern Family, which describes the daily lives of three American families, the product has become ABC (Disney). Mentioned the series to television work and won the second favorite, a musical series of Glee, which in turn won two awards: Best Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series (Jane Lynch), Best Director, comedy series (Ryan Murphy). The award for best mini-series went to the HBO series The Pacific, produced by Steven Spielberg and Tom Hanks.
 The series recounts the involvement of youth in the army against Japanese Americans after Pearl Harbor 1941st year. I like it and the guys from Madison, soon we will look at HTV. Edie Falco has been awarded in the category of best actress in a comedy and the role of a neurotic nurse in the Nurse Jackie. Emmy for best actress in a drama series went to Kyri Sedgwick, who in the police series The Closer starring the head of homicide in Los Angeles. For the third consecutive year, an Emmy for best actor in a drama series went to Bryan Cranston for his role of professor of chemistry in Breaking Bad. For the role of physicists in the series the big bang theory, Jim Parsons in turn named best comic actor. Al Pacino won best actor in a television movie You Do not Know Jack where he brilliantly portrayed by advocates of the right to euthanasia Jack Kevorkian. Five awards, including one for best TV movie went to HBO&#39;s artwork Temple Grandin.
 The film tells about the life of autistic woman who becomes a scientist. Academy of Television Arts and Sciences awarded George Clooney&#39;s humanitarian work.
 