United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland: UK + Northern Ireland United Kingdom: England + Scotland + Wales United Kingdom is also the name of the largest island in the British Isles. Called the &quot;Great&quot; to distinguish it from other terminology, &quot;Malena&quot; Britain, the province of Bretagne in France (U.S. Brittany). British Isles (U.S. British Isles), except for Great Britain as the largest island includes the island of Ireland and more than 6 000 small islands, of which the largest Isle of Man. British Isles also includes numerous small islands in the north of Scotland, such as the Hebrides (internal and external), and the Orkney and Shetland (far north). And the Channel Islands to the south is traditionally considered part of the British Isles, although strictly speaking not part of the archipelago because they are closer to France than Britain. Satellite photographs of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Ireland and other parts of northwestern Europe.
 Recorded 6th April 2002. Click to enlarge. (Photo: Jacques Descloitres, MODIS Land Rapid Response Team, NASA / GSFC) The creation of the United Kingdom in the five points of England Population: 51.4 million Scotland: Wales 5.1 million: 3.0 million Northern Ireland: 1.7 million United Kingdom , total: 62 million (first four digits according to a 2008 estimate, the total figure is estimated from 2010. The next census is the 2011th) Political system and government Political system: parliamentary democracy, constitutional monarchy current monarch: Queen Elizabeth II., royal house Windsor, 6 veljače 1952nd Current Prime Minister: David Cameron (Conservative Party), dated 11 May 2010. Legislature: Parliament, the two chambers (House of Lords, House of Commons) Parties with seats in Parliament: Labour Party, Conservative Party, Liberal Democrats, Democratic Unionist Party, Scottish National Party, Sinn Fein, Plaid Cymru - Party of Wales, Social Democratic and Labour Party, Ulster Unionist Party.
 The following general (parliamentary) elections: 11 lipnja 2015th The British constitution, formation of a coalition government in May 2010. Queen Elizabeth II. (Photo: © Parliament. Parliamentary copyright images are reproduced with the permission of Parliament.) Leader of the Conservative Party and current Prime Minister, David Cameron (since 11 May 2010.) (Photo: Andrew Parsons / Conservative Party / Creative Commons license.) Economic GDP data (GDP): $ 2,165,000,000 (6th in the world), estimates from 2009. GDP per capita: $ 35,400 (24th in the world), estimates from 2009. Currency: pound sterling (£) The biggest cities of the first number indicates the number of residents in the city, and the other in his whole urban area in the conurbation. Busiest airport first number indicates the number of passengers who were in 2009. passed through a particular airport, and the second number of landings and takeoffs in each port. Flags and Symbols Flag of the United Kingdom Royal Standard flag of England flag England flag Royal Standard of Scotland Flag of Scotland Flag of Wales&#39; Royal Coat of Arms of the United Kingdom Anthem: God Save the Queen, although it is often discussed whether God Save the Queen, the official anthem of the United Kingdom or not, it is the de facto national anthem.
 The mere fact that the UK has never passed a law that would stipulate that this festive anthem song really does not mean that it is not; British legislative tradition dictates that such a thing does not even have to be written because it&#39;s what this song is performed in ceremonial occasions enough to be considered a hymn. Kings and Queen The following list describes the rulers of England, the joint rulers of England and Scotland (the &quot;Union crown&quot; 1603.) And then the kings and queens of the United Kingdom. The situation with a number of Scottish monarchs before the personal union with England is quite complex and it is clearly impossible to show in this way and will Scottish monarchs, like the others, eventually to be consecrated separate articles on this site. This will list in the next version also be significantly expanded information and probably located on your own site. Click on the name of a particular monarch for a picture or photo! Normans: House Plantagenet: Lancaster House: House York: Tudor House: Stuart House: Hanover House: Windsor House: Further information and statistics Note: Commenting this site is not allowed, but your comments and suggestions on what might still be included in this page you can leave in the comments to this article.
 Thanks!
 