This morning at 10:56 local time (6:56 our time), Russian-made passenger plane, about twenty years old Tupolev Tu-154M, the official Polish government plane, crashed on landing at the airport in Smolensk, on the border of Russia and Belarus. None of the passengers and crew members did not survive the accident. Obsolete aircraft Tu-154, which were caused more accidents in the last few years, recently released from Aeroflot and use, and Poland has long had plans new aircraft for the government, but in the budget there were no funds for this purchase. The aircraft was Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife and numerous members of the Polish national leadership of Deputy Foreign Minister Andrzej Kremer, commander of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Frantisek Gregor and Slawomir Skrzypek, president of the Central Bank, and other senior officials. 61-year-old Lech Kaczynski, a former mayor of Warsaw, the president is elected to the position of 2005th and was a member of ultrakonzervativne current Polish politics and stressed the suspicion towards Russia.
 &gt;&gt; Josipović: Croatia has lost a great friend&gt;&gt; The Acting President declared a six-day mourning&gt;&gt; Advisor, &quot;Solidarity&quot; that followed a political path&gt;&gt; Although the pilot was to blame, but many conspiracy theories circulating Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk in Warsaw called for urgent session of his cabinet. From the Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs arrives fact that the passenger list was 89 people, one of which has not boarded the flight. According to the Polish Constitution, in case of death of the President at the head of state coming chairman of the lower house of parliament, Bronislaw Komorowski. Aircraft during landing due to poor visibility caused by dense fog in the forest too close to the runway, caught the tree and fell and broke up. Posada has denied a recommendation to land in Minsk and Moscow and continued to Smolensk. Unfortunately did not make it one of the passengers and crew members, the chief investigator of Russian Sergey Markin officially confirmed, first by saying that they were on the plane, including both the passengers and crew members, 132 persons, which was later corrected on the 96th
 Polish president traveled to commemorate the 70th Katynskoj anniversary of the massacre in the woods (about twenty kilometers from Smolensk in present-day Belarus), when Stalin&#39;s troops after the occupation of the eastern half of the Polish killed thousands of Poles, mostly military officers, the Russian side of the long REVELATION, denied or attributed to the Nazis, to the sudden reversal by Prime Minister Vladimir Putin approved the show on Russian television film about the massacre of Andrzej Wajda and agreed to its participation in the commemoration of this tragic event. At the scene of an accident in the afternoon found the body of President Kaczynski, and identified several more bodies from the Polish delegation and have found two so-called. &quot;Black box&quot;, reported the Russian media. Twin brother of the late President Jaroslaw Kaczynski, who is speculated that some time was also on board, was not part of the Polish delegation, a spokesman reported that the Law and Justice party, although devastated by the tragedy traveled to the crash site.
 The Acting President declared a six-day mourning
 