English country Robin Hood, James Bond, Sherlock Holmes, Harry Potter, the best rock bands in the world! Thus, the destination where anything is possible! Did you know.
 Why does the UK drive on the left side? In the distant Middle Ages, most people were, in fact, right-handed, and the hazardous journey to the Middle Ages would not move without at least some sort of weapon. Arms is a place in his right hand and be sure you like the person with whom the bypass is on your right - and never left. If you need to self-defense, you should be maximally quick and dexterous. Potential enemies like you have the right ..
 That the sentence &quot;The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.&quot; using all the letters of the English alphabet? The geographical position of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (commonly called just the United Kingdom, UK or just England) is a sovereign country located in the northwestern part of Europe. The United Kingdom is located on the northwest coast of continental Europe, surrounded by the North Sea, English Channel and the Atlantic Ocean. Under the sovereignty of the United Kingdom, although not part of it, and are dependent territories - Channel Islands, Isle of Man and a number of overseas territories. United Kingdom has created a number of the Union (Act of Union), who united England, Scotland and Wales to Northern Ireland, the region on the island of Ireland. British Isles is a geographical term for a group of islands, which belong to the United Kingdom, Ireland, the islands of Man, Wight and Orkney, Hebrides, Shetland Islands, Channel Islands and others.
 Area 242.514 km ² Population 59.8 million of Government Parliamentary monarchy Capital London, 7.43 million people predominantly rainy climate year-round. While England and Wales recorded the average temperature as well as in Europe, the winter is rarely below -5 C in summer and rarely above 30 C, Scotland recorded a fairly changeable weather conditions with slightly lower temperatures than in other parts of the United Kingdom. Northern Ireland has a predominantly maritime climate conditions, the weather is quite unstable, with average temperatures JANUARY: 6.5 C, JULY: 17.5 C. Currency British Pound (£) = 100 pence. Banknotes of 50, 20.10 5 pounds. Coins Language English, an officially recognized regional languages: Welsh, Scottish, Gaelic, Irish, Scottish kornvolski ulsterski Religion and Protestant majority, the Catholic minority Foreign currencies can change money at banks, exchange bureaux and most hotels (where there is usually a less favorable exchange rate).
 Voltage 240 V, 50 Hz. Plugs mostly with three connections Time zone GTM + 1 (the last Saturday in March to last Saturday in November) Travel documents Croatian nationals and citizens of other countries outside the EU are subject to immigration control when entering the UK. Inquiry on the conditions going to the UK can be sent to the British Embassy, the Alexander von Humboldt 4, 10 000 Zagreb, Health No alerts. We recommend that before the trip in more detail inform the web site of the World Health Organization (WHO). Vaccinations Vaccinations are not required. Working Hours Standard working hours are Monday through Friday from 9:30 am - 18:00 pm, and Saturdays from 9:30 am - 12:30 h. Post offices: Monday - Friday from 9.00h - 17.30h. Stamps can be bought at kiosks or at the post office. Mailboxes are red. Banks: Monday - Friday from 9.30h - 16.30h (closing time is not standard in all banks).
 Shops: standard working hours for all shops are Monday to Saturday from 9:30 am - 18:00 pm, although some shops stay open until 20:00 h. Rarely are shops close for lunch, and most of them are open on Sundays from 12:00 h - 18:00 h. Telecommunications Phone: country code for UK is 44, and output from the UK to Croatia: +385 (country code + network without 0, eg 1 - to Zagreb) + preplatnički users. On telephones can use coins if you do not receive a coin, you can use a telephone or credit card. Phone cards can be purchased at post offices and the offices of cigarettes / newspapers. Mobile: Coverage of the signal is good: Recommended roaming partners: Vodafone network code on the screen: Vodafone UK, O2 UK, ORANGE Outgoing calls to Croatia, and within the United Kingdom: 8.91 EUR Incoming calls: EUR 4.91 Sending text messages: 1 , 91 kn Sending MMS messages: 5.91 EUR Recommended roaming partner T-Mobile UK network code on the phone: T-Mobile, T-Mobile UK, One2one Outgoing calls to Croatia, and within the United Kingdom: 12.48 € / min Incoming calls: 7.98 € / min Sending text messages: 3.98 EUR Sending MMS messages 6kn Useful numbers Police 999 Emergency 112 Road Assistance +33,472,171,205 Firefighters TRAFFIC 911 - Important: in the UK drives on the left side of the street! During the day in Britain, especially in larger cities, the government is quite crowded on the roads so it is recommended that the start time to the destination.
 Seat belt is mandatory for passengers in the front and rear seats. It is strictly forbidden talk cell phone while driving. Additional information can be found at: www.theaa.com and www.rac.co.uk Aircraft UK has over 100 airports and main Heathrow and Gatwick Airports Boat Key in the UK: Dover, Harwich, Holyhead and Portsmouth. Train UK has a good network of trains that are well connected with ferry lines. Urban transport you are traveling on public transport, it is important to know that all cities in the UK have a great organized bus transport. Glasgow, Liverpool, London and Newcastle have the subways. The urban city of Birmingham, Cardiff, Glasgow, Liverpool and Manchester have good rail connections. Authorized Taxi taxi operators charge per kilometer. The price is slightly higher in case of holidays, weekends, if the traveler has a lot of luggage or if it is a late night run.
 In big cities, unauthorized taxi operators offering their services at slightly lower prices. Food and drinks Every region in the UK is famous for its local specialties. Rates: London is one of the most interesting culinary destinations and the only real rival, which it follows in the rate, New York. Restaurants in London, the majority can be divided into four categories: those where the dinner that includes appetizer-main course-dessert, no drinks, over 70 pounds (eg, Gordon Ramsay at Royal Hospital Road, or La Gavroche, ...), they that dinner that includes appetizer-main course-dessert, no drinks, between £ 45 and £ 70 (eg, Lindsay House Locanda Locatelli, ...), the third category includes restaurants where dinner that includes appetizer-main course-dessert, no drinks from £ 20 to £ 45 (eg Incognico, Mash, ...) in the fourth category are the restaurants where dinner with a starter-main course-dessert, no drinks to 20 pounds (eg
 Rock and Sole Plaice, Duke of York, ...). All prices include VAT. Tips: The price for the service mostly is added the total income and will usually charge an additional 12.5%. Although it is technically on each consumer to decide, it would be very odd if the requested not to collect the service. Certainly, where the service is not included, tip a minimum of 10% was accepted, although in recent tip is between 12-15%. Dress code: In most restaurants is casual dress code except in exclusive restaurants of the first mentioned category (see the section on prices) in which the dress code is not emphasized but is assumed. Also, in such restaurants prior reservation is required. Tipping service and all taxes are included in the bill. If you were happy you can leave a tip at the level of 10% to 12% of the hotel, 10% - 15% in restaurant and 10% - 15% of all services (taxi, hairdresser ,...) Shopping famous shopping centers: - The King&#39;s Road in Chelsa, SW1 - Notting Hill Westbourne Grove and Ledbury Road, W11 area Brick Lane, E1 and E2 - Oxford Street: Regent Street (website: www.regentstreetonline.com) includes: Hamley&#39;s Toy Emporium stores, department stores with famous and price-friendly names such as Selfridges, Marks &amp; Spencer and John Lewis.
 - Tottenham Court Road, WC1 (electronic equipment) - Charing Cross Road, WC2 (most bookstores) - Piccadily, W1, Waterstones - London&#39;s most famous bookstore - Covent Garden, WC2 - the most popular place for shopping - Old and New Bond Street, W1 - Excellent place if you like wearing clothes by famous designers, because there are stores like Prada and Gucci, and in nearby Conduit Street you can find designer houses such as Issey Miyake and Vivien Westwood. It also recommends a tour of some of London&#39;s famous market where you can combine the purchase with sightseeing. Some of the most popular markets are: - Camden Lock, Chalk Farm Road, NW1 - Portobello Road, W10 (antiques) - Petticoat Lane and Brick Lane, E1 (fruits, vegetables, jewelry ,...) - Columbia Road, E2 (flowers) - Alfie&#39;s Antique Market (antiques 20th century) - Borough Market, SE1 (food ),... What and where it pays to buy souvenirs: If you are looking for a souvenir that would ponjeli from London to their loved ones, the best place to buy in Oxford Street, Piccadilly Circus and other tourist attractions.
 The most interesting souvenirs that represent some of the members of the royal family. Also at Harrods (Knightsbridge SW1) you can find many souvenir shops that attract many tourists every day, but not just because of the large selection of souvenirs, but also because of the famous sale. Opening Hours: Standard Hours for all stores from Monday to Saturday 9:30 to 18:00, although some shops stay open until 20:00. Rarely are shops closing at lunchtime, and most of them are open on Sundays 12:00 to 18:00. Late evening opening (usually up to 20:00) on Tuesdays at the West End and on Wednesdays at the Knightsbridge area. Tax return: The most famous shop in West End offer a refund (17.5%) within the Global Refund (more information can be obtained by phone: 0800 829 373 or website: www.globalrefund.com) residents of countries that do not belong to the European Union. In most stores you can pay in pounds and euros Local Customs Topless sunbathing is allowed on certain beaches and tolerated in certain parks.
 Cigarettes are not sold to children under the age of 16 years. Places where smoking is allowed and where it is prohibited are clearly marked. Monarchy, though now only symbolic, is an important and often subconsciously wonder and importance. Members of the royal family, and admired their every act is accompanied by a large media pažnjom.Stisak hands is a common gesture of the first order is valued upoznavanja.Naručito symbolic gift of roses or chocolates, when arriving at someone&#39;s home. Polite to wait for everyone to be served, or take food before you eat počme. Attractions: City Card - Insolvency London Pass saves time and money because it allows: • free admission or discounts to over 55 sights and attractions of London • More than 40 additional special benefits, discounts or free products / services free of charge • guide • information advantage in entrance of the most visited attractions - Fast Pass • the possibility of &quot;free&quot; ride public transport in London London Pass The card includes a chip card and a guide with information on major sights and attractions, discounts and free special offers, and (depending on the option) ticket for public urban transport - the wallet Trafalgar Square (Trafalgar Square) - Trafalgar Square includes one of the most famous galleries National Gallery, which has an exceptional collection of images.
 Covent Garden - street dancers give a special atmosphere of this place and make it an interesting tourist attractions you must see if you are a first time in London. British Airways London Eye and County Hall - even though the London Eye Centre sights, there is the County Hall, former home of the Great London Assembly, today home to the London aquarium. South Kensington Museums Victoria &amp; Albert Museum (V &amp; A) are the three most important museums in the South Kensintonu - others include: Natural History Museum and Science Museum. British Museum (British Museum) The British Museum is one of the world&#39;s finest museums. St Paul&#39;s Cathedral (Cathedral of St.. Paul) Dome of the Cathedral of St.. Paul is the third largest in the world and one of the most recognizable in London. Tower Hill infamous royal fortress and palace is 900 years old history - from prison and place of execution, the mint, arsenal and an impressive collection of gems. Buckingham Palace (Buckingham Palace) Home queens, a place that has always been one of the most visited attractions of London.
 All the tourists want to attend the shift of the guard, which takes place at 11:30 daily from April to July. London Embassy 21 Conway Street London W1T 6bn UK Tel. 0044 20 73872022 Konz. 73871144 Fax 0044 20 73870310 Konz. 73870936 Official website of the country: http://www.visitbritain.co.uk/
 