one_of_us: bugati_1: Njihovom je inicijativom Izrael i osnovankao država s jasnim politikim ciljem. S druge strane na svaku kritiku Izraelske politike odgovaratsa "vi ste antisemiti, vi nas mrzite" je politički neozbiljno i djetinjasto. Izbjegava se razgovor ad rem i ide se time na političke diskvalifikacije. Na taj načina nema napretka.... Ima napretka, ali za Izrael. No, njima ionako nitko drugi nije bitan nego oni sami. Palestinian rocket and mortar attacks on Israel from the Gaza Strip have occurred since 2001. As of January 2009, over 8,600 rockets had been launched, leading to 28 deaths and several hundred injuries,[1][2] as well as widespread psychological trauma and disruption of daily life.[3] The weapons, often generically referred to as Qassams, were initially crude and short-range, mainly affecting the Israeli city of Sderot and other communities bordering the Gaza Strip. However, in 2006 more sophisticated rockets began to be deployed, reaching the larger coastal city of Ashkelon, and by early 2009 major cities Ashdod and Beersheba had been hit by Katyusha and Grad rockets. Attacks have been carried out by all Palestinian armed groups,[4] and, prior to the 2008–2009 Gaza War, were consistently supported by most Palestinians,[5][6][7][8] though the stated goals have been mixed. The attacks, widely condemned for targeting civilians, have been designated as terrorism by United Nations, European Union and Israeli officials, and are defined as war crimes by human rightsAmnesty International and Human Rights Watch. groups Defenses constructed specifically to deal with the weapons include fortifications for schools and bus stops as well as an alarm system named Red Color. A system to intercept short-range rockets is being developed. The attacks were a stated cause of the Gaza blockade, Operation Cast Lead (Dec 27, 2008 - Jan 21, 2009) and other Israeli military operations in the Gaza Strip, including Operation Rainbow (May, 2004) and Operation Days of Penitence (2004), Operation Summer Rains (2006), Operation Autumn Clouds (2006), and Operation Hot Winter (2008). blokada gaze je posljedica stalnih raketnih napada, a ne obrnuto. peres je reagirao na engleske optužbe o konc logoru i nije govoriio o antisemitizmu. uostalom, baš je obrnuto iza navodne kritike izraela sa često skriva antisemitizam

