It all started off well. Pecs on the opening day of the Capital of Culture 2010th (With Istanbul and the Ruhr area), so it seemed, gave it his best: staged the Roman race horse carts, held numerous concerts, performances by various dance groups and plesajućih, Turkish dervishes. Especially for this occasion, he arrived in Pecs and Placido Domingo, who are visitors and citizens of this small but the friendly little town in the south of Hungary addressed the words: &quot;The moment has finally arrived! Now you can all over Europe to show your culture, your city and all of your values!&quot; Work in progress Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: On opening day, visitors could enjoy the fireworks But now, six months later, though it must be said that Pécs has not met expectations. The center of the city, with the exception of a redesigned main square, was and still is one big construction site. Nothing has been done, and apparently will not so soon.
 Of the five major projeketa completed only one. Concert Hall also has not been completed: its opening date is set for Christmas this year, when the bar should hold a great Christmas and New Year&#39;s concert. Giant Center Zsolnay &quot;famous porcelain manufacture, will be open until next year. Maybe! Sami organizers, meanwhile, the overall situation and the appearance of self-critically and humorously referred to as - &quot;work in progress-om.&quot; What happened? Death of the Mayor, the inability of the new leadership ... Workers on construction sites say they are too late to get building materials, he is supposed to come from China at the time, but unfortunately not. Similar explanations are coming from other circles. &quot;Yes, it&#39;s uncomfortable to us, we thought and hoped that we will get things done on time, no see, we have not. Something has stood, and do not really know exactly what happened and what the specific problem,&quot; said one of the associate security services.
 Bildunterschrift: The remains of Roman tombs in Pécs But the real reasons for the opinion of one of the most famous publishers of Hungary, who lives in Pécs, Gabor Csordas, lie elsewhere. &quot;During the preparations, Pécs has lost two of the mayor: they both died one after the other. The projects with which we started in the beginning they were stopped, there was a shift manager. Associated control for the entire project was entrusted to local authorities, who simply like to something they did not have enough capacity or experience. there was no concept, &quot;said Csordas. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The Synagogue in Pécs, around which is also the site According to his opinion, the fact that the problem of why the Pecs remained so poorly attended, and why of it is still in the world or even in Europe has never been heard &quot;lies simply in the fact that nearly 90 percent of the funds (about 150 million euros was given to the disposal of Pecs) invested exclusively on the spot, and only a minimal part of the promotion or advertising.
 Missed opportunity in other words, despite the 4500 events as they are here should be a total or has held, Pecs was apparently missed their big chance. Too bad, because many will say this city to be truly has something to offer. During his two thousand year history, here are rotated by the Romans, the Turks, the Habsburgs, and of course leave behind a trace that is still primarily in the architecture of this town can be seen. Pécs is also a city of minorities here for centuries as one of few other city live together Germans, Greeks, Jews, Croats, Serbs, Roma, Sinti. As for the Croats - and here there is always a popular and well attended Croatian Theatre in which the translation, or alternatively, plays in the Hungarian and Croatian. Bildunterschrift: Zsolnay porcelain factory. Its renovation will be completed until next year, shame. But perhaps all this is not so far succeeded, Pecs fails to compensate in the following years: when you restore everything which is currently still being renewed, when it finishes building the cultural center and concert hall, because all what really has to offer (including a very rich, diverse and high quality cuisine) Pecs deserved that (p) remains a full member of Europe and its cultural heritage - as it always was.
 Author: zdf / Zeljko Telišman Odg.ur.: Marija Ljubicic
 