Number 545 Tags: Ahmadinejad, BRIC, Erdogan, Lula da Silva, nuclear material Release Date: 27.05.2010. Written by: Tena Erceg in mid-May Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan agreed in Tehran with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad exchange of nuclear material, which &quot;should lead to better cooperation and understanding&quot; about Iran&#39;s nuclear program, which already years, holds the U.S. and Iran in a state of permanent war threats. According to the agreement, Iran will be in Turkey to store 1200 pounds of enriched uranium by 3.5 percent, and in return will receive 120 kg of French and Russian uranium enriched to 20 percent and will use it to treat cancer patients. Iran has agreed that the International Atomic Agency (IAEA) in Turkey to send its inspectors, and is currently awaiting a response to Iran&#39;s letter to the Vienna group, composed of representatives of the IAEA, Russia, France and the United States.
 This agreement is significant because Tehran first agreed to the request of IAEA that its low-enriched uranium stored outside the borders of Iran and replacing it for one that has not yet been able to produce. An identical request was set in October last year, the Vienna group, but Ahmadinejad had not consented, and the U.S. began to gather support for a fourth round of sanctions. However, quite unexpectedly in the game were embroiled Turkey and Brazil, two permanent Security Council members of the UN, and entered into an agreement with Iran. U.S. only declaratively with Brazil and Turkey, however, only a day after this agreement, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has announced that it has support for new sanctions. They were supported by Russia and China, countries with Iran have a vibrant economic cooperation. Erdogan and Lulu that is, to put it mildly, surprised, and Erdogan said that every step agreement with Iran previously agreed with Washington that would give this one last slap in the face.
 Some analysts therefore argue that the U.S. declare its support the efforts of Brazil and Turkey, and actually held the figurative in his pocket, confident that it would be nothing. Hillary Clinton argues his decision by saying that in October, when the exchange is requested, 1,200 kg of uranium niskoobogaćenog makes 70 percent of Iranian stock, but in the meantime they have grown, so he and the exchange have enough for a bomb. Moreover, Ahmadinejad has clearly stated that an agreement on the exchange does not mean that Iran stop enriching uranium, which formally constitutes a violation of UN resolutions. Nevertheless, Brazil and Turkey, as well as other non-permanent Security Council members, the U.S. had expected more flexibility, more so because the exchange is designed as a symbolic act whose aim was to loosen relations and pave the way for more important tasks, such as the IAEA inspections of Iranian-ine nuclear facilities. After the reaction Hillary Clinton, Lula and Erdogan are demonstratively refused to take part in the debate of the Security Council on sanctions, and Ahmadinejad has said that if sanctions deal of waste.
 U.S. already has a problem years ago with an aggressive pressing Iran, simply because he is a signatory to the Treaty on the Nonproliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT) and has no nuclear weapons, as opposed to U.S. allies India, Pakistan and Israel, which not only are not signatories, but also amassed considerable nuclear arsenal. Under the NPT, every country has the right to develop and use nuclear energy for peace purposes, and to the right of Iran continued to deny the basis of unproven allegations of weapons production, as well as disgusting, but clearly intended domestic use Ahmadinedžadovih anti-Semitic outbursts. How widespread is this kind of resistance to U.S. policy toward Iran is best evidenced by the fact that even the opposition supports the Iranian nuclear program, as well as Brazil and Turkey and other countries such as Indonesia, South Africa and 118 member Non-Aligned Movement. They want to develop nuclear energy and believe that the U.S. can not deny the rights prescribed by the NPT-om until you clean in your own backyard.
 New situation has an aspect that becomes the framework of the global nuclear game. Specifically, sudden initiative of Brazil and Turkey, two regional powers one of which is a NATO member and candidate countries for EU membership, and other U.S. allies and members of the informal alliance with Russia, China and India (BRIC), both members of the Council security, could destabilize the world order that keeps to the same Security Council, and dominated by the United States and its European allies, while China and Russia its right of veto constitute a false balance. Nervousness in Western circles This move Lula and Erdogan shows that their country, but also other non-permanent members, have greater ambition to participate actively in international politics, not just kaskati for current or former great powers. Especially after the financial collapse 2008th years, some commentators have noted, it became clear that it is almost with bipolar, including unipolar world dominated by the United States.
 Turkey and Brazil that have demonstrated a smooth, ignoring the UN resolution which they consider unjust, showing indirectly that they were clear that Washington&#39;s primary goal is not a world without nuclear weapons, but preserving the dominant role in the energy rich environment of the Middle East and Central Asia, in which they objected only the regime in Tehran. Pulse of the rest of the world is obvious and I felt the U.S. president Barack Obama, because the media recorded a sort of schism in the American top shortly after publication of the agreement with Ahmadinejad - Hillary Clinton has tried to stop the deal, while it is Obama &quot;moderately support&quot;. That U.S. policy is breathing a little different from Obama showed the &quot;The Washington Post, who was accused in an editorial that his statements about American atrocities against the third world&quot; accepted, ratified and published the fall of America, a new emerging force called on to fill vacuum &quot;. Obama&#39;s statement at the UN that we should &quot;abandon the world order that one nation or group rises above the rest&quot; was understood as the beginning of the fall of America, while the ranks of nostalgic calls Bush &quot;a characteristic American internationalism,&quot; so he gave concluded that more intensive international cooperation countries of the South creates nervousness in the high U.S. and European circuits.
 Increasingly influential in BRIC BRIC is an acronym for Brazil, Russia, India and China, and designed it in 2001. Goldman Sachs economist Jim O&#39;Niell, who predicted that these countries, which account for 40 percent of the world&#39;s population, 25 percent of the territory and 15 percent of GDP by 2050. exceed the economy is currently the richest countries in the world. Although it is thought that the BRIC&#39;s ambition of creating a political federation, the summit 2009th countries have called for the creation of &quot;multipolarnog World Order&quot;, which suggests a rejection of U.S. positions only world superpower. Since those countries that have successfully survived globalization and financial crisis, a western alliance to lose influence and the neoliberal model is in crisis, they now seek greater influence in global affairs. The have no common ideology or propose an alternative model of capitalism, but are looking for reform of the IMF, World Bank and UN, and would like themselves to control their own resources and determine their path of development, which is not necessarily in accordance with the American vision.
 In the context of recent developments regarding Iran, it is obvious that not only challenge the economic dominance of the West, but also the way he defines and uses international law, as well as moral and humanitarian arguments for intervention in the affairs of other countries.
 