For several days the military exercises that began on Sunday (25.07.) Ahead of the east coast of the Korean peninsula involved about 8,000 troops from South Korea and the United States, twenty military ships and a U.S. aircraft carrier &quot;George Washington&quot;. In addition, as stated by the U.S. media, participating in exercises and about 200 military aircraft. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Kim Jong Il, &quot;Great Leader&quot; of North Korea threatens to &quot;holy war&quot; manifestation of force and intolerance, aggression Although the government in Washington last week repeatedly emphasized that it is primarily a practical &quot;defenzivnog character&quot; from the same circles, however, heard the words to the planned military maneuvers in some way supposed to deter North Korea. This is a manifestation of military force in other words, nothing but the response of these two countries at South Korea&#39;s sinking ship &quot;Cheonan&quot;-and in March this year, during which he killed 46 sailors.
 While North Korea still denies its involvement, or responsibility for the attack, international studies have proved that this ship sunk by a torpedo just sent this country. In this sense, that says the U.S. military leadership, this maneuver would be North Korea should show that &quot;aggression in the region will not be tolerated.&quot; Bildunterschrift: The port in Seoul, the capital of South Korea, the U.S. expects North Korea&#39;s reaction specific acts of political leadership has already arrived a few days ago. To be heard, North Korea in the military exercises primarily sees &quot;a dress rehearsal for an attack on their country,&quot; &quot;open provocation&quot; and made no secret that will render the appropriate &quot;nuclear intimidation&quot; since the two countries &quot;literally pushed into a holy war.&quot; However, while the threats, the government in Pyongyang has said that he was ready to return to the negotiating table regarding nuclear disarmament to which they should participate and South Korea, the United States, Russia, China and Japan.
 Bildunterschrift: Hillary Clinton, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the United States and Robert Gates, security officer, watching the border between the two Korean states, however, this gesture of goodwill in the United States has so far not encountered any major reactions. &quot;Since North Korea is expected, and hopefully less large or provocative words and more concrete actions,&quot; said these days and a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United States Philip Crowley just take the key and long-awaited change in policy regarding nuclear weapons and North Korea. Author: Agency / Ž.Telišman Odg.ur.: D. Dragojevic
 