In the courtyard of the notorious Evin prison teheranskog morning was hanged Iranian Shahla Jahed, told the BBC. It was not rescued by the many appeals of the international community not to appeal her lawyer. Was killed as the most stringent punishment in Iran regularly performed. Specifically, Shah&#39;s 146th people in Iran over which this year carried the death penalty. In general they are hanging, and often the victims hung on cranes cranes would not be further humiliated. No calls from prison thousands of letters asking for a pardon by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the government, judicial authorities and embassies coming from activists around the world did not help that the woman convicted of murdering his rival, the first wife of a famous Iranian footballer Nasser Muhammad-Khanija, save life. - We have tried everything they could do but just did not succeed. Shahla Jadeh called me the day before yesterday by telephone from prison in Tehran, crying voice, she thanked me for everything I did and told me that she just handed the decision on his execution by hanging.
 It was clear that this is our last conversation and there is no longer any hope - told the BBC News Ashadi Mina, which is already several years fighting and rescue Sakineh Ashtiani, which threatens to stoning for adultery. He says yesterday&#39;s execution is just one in a series of countless executions of women in Iran, a country which, along with China, annually performs the most death sentences in the world. - Up to accurate data is very hard to get, but the number killed is very great. In May, Shirin Alam Holi executed, accused of having links with the Iranian Kurds. Her name is relatively unknown in the West because the word was on the political prisoners. But the number of women killed is incomparably greater, and given the death penalty for various reasons - because of alleged immorality and adultery, and his political engagement - Ashadi said. According to an incomplete list, which her organization has, since 1980. only stoning killed more than 150 people, of whom almost half women.
 On that list and Saeideh, which at the time of stoning 2008th was only 14 years, and stoned her own father. The verdict was overturned Yesterday executed Shahla Jadeh charged that six years ago with a knife stabbed her husband&#39;s first wife, a great soccer player Nasser Muhammad-Khanija. During the investigation Shahla confessed to the killing, but at the trial withdrew recognition. Despite everything, was sentenced to death. Verdict overturned in 2008th due to procedural errors, but at last resumed the process of the court as evidence took its initial recognition and re-sentenced to death. International organizations, including Amnesty International, urged the Iranian authorities to spare her life, but success was not.
 