ILLEGAL ISRAELI wall and settlements around Bethlehem illegal wall Israel is building along the road network om which prohibited the movement of Palestinians in a completely isolated urban Bethlehem and separate it from its land and water resources. It is planned that will be out of town in the West Bank to be able izaæi 2 doors. 2 more doors will be designed for access to agricultural land. He fears that agricultural land will belong to Bethlehem along with your term you aquifer and a number of illegal Israeli settlements in the end be annexed by Israel. In many parts of the city, especially in the northern part, so the wall goes into populated areas to onemoguæuje further expansion of the city and izdi ¾ ¾ over the daily life of local residents. Bethlehem residents view the fall of the crane, which is rapidly building new homes for ® Jews coming from Israel and around the world, until they are forced to leave their homes.
 The wall goes around the major illegal settlements. Illegal settlement of Har Homa development in the &quot;tourist village&quot; that it intends to provide services ¾ ati Tourist visits Bethlehem. The settlement Har Homa was built between the 1997th and 2000, and in his building was destroyed, &quot;being protected&quot; forests on the mountain Jebel Abu Ghneim. 27 illegal Israeli settlements surrounded Uje city. The Israeli government is investing great efforts you make to the illegal settlers settled in this area. Currently on Bethlehem country you live about 73 000 illegal Israeli setlera. It is a country that was kidnapped was iznuðena force. Many families that you live near the illegal settlement found themselves isolated between the Wall and Jerusalem, without access to educational and health institutions. Many of them will, in the absence of the right to stay in Jerusalem, be kicked out of their homes. Many houses have already received orders for demolition. ROADS WHICH IS THE MOVEMENT CAN BE ONLY Israelis addition to the illegal settlements and the wall of Bethlehem is surrounded by en and roads which are not only move the Israelis.
 Bethlehem country crisscrossed by a network om roads that are intended only for the Israelites. Roads that are not only move the Israelis connect illegal Israeli settlements and Israel, each other is greatly impeded Palestinians alas ¾ or fully onemoguæuju and najkraæe trip of just a few kilometers. As the illegal settlements and roads for Israelis only beyond the occupied territories, the number of prohibited areas for the Palestinians. The wall separates the village from each other, disallows the Palestinians to visit relatives and friends. The wall surrounded Uje izbjeglièke camps where you live Palestinians fled Israel and West Jerusalem 1948th and 1967. Their fate is still uncertain. Building a wall near the Aida refugee camp onemoguæuje expand the camp and further aggravated ¾ ava life in this area anyway prenapuèenom. Garbage collection has been seriously hampered due to an ¾ closed roads, the control point and the wall. Part of the town cemetery remained beyond the wall.
 Annexation RAHELINOG GRAVE Rachel&#39;s Tomb, Important is plenty ¾ Bethlehem was turned back at military Arnica Israeli army. Tomb of the world in all three religions, is now unavailable Bethlehem kršæanima and Muslims. Residential and business premises in the vicinity of the tomb were confiscated or illegally purchased. The Israeli government has approved the annexation Rahelinog grave 2002nd year. Although the tomb and the surrounding territory are in the country of Bethlehem in the West Bank, the official Israeli government officially annexed the country (September 2006). Prekvalificirala and as part of Jerusalem, which Israel controls. Most of the family was forced to withdraw from territory around the grave because of the constant intimidation by the military and isolation from the rest of Bethlehem. The wall separates Bethlehem in the northern Bethlehem from Jerusalem. About Rahelinog tomb, built in the heart of Bethlehem, a new illegal Israeli settlement. Residents fear it will become a new Bethlehem and Hebron, where they settled in the midst of a religious extremist setleri who terrorize the local population and driven ..
 ******************* These data are taken and translated from the powerpoint presentation Bethlehem Today: State of Emergency, which you can download and view pictures and maps of Bethlehem and the illegal wall that it violated ¾ plements, and read more information in English. And here (The Annexation of Rachel&#39;s Tomb) you can download another power point presentation (in English) about the impact of annexation Rahelinog tomb and the wall on the life of Bethlehem kršæana. Both presentations by the international project of Open Bethlehem.
 