This is the story of one of the many Serb woman who embraced Islam. This is a story about violent Islamization processes of non-Muslims. ... Hysteric discussions about marginal phenomenon among Muslims in Western countries has different local events. The Romance-speaking countries (France, Belgium and Italy) to a discussion on the prohibition of Muslim niqab, which already takes on concrete forms and the parliaments of Belgium and France are already before the adoption of laws that criminalize this costume Muslim. In Germany, the hysteria around the so-called. &quot;Forced marriage&quot; marginal phenomenon among the marginal population of Muslims in Germany (the Kurds). It is noticeable that, as in the case of niqab as well as the &quot;forced marriage&quot; minor figures, from 3.7 million Muslims, how much they estimate that there are in France (let&#39;s go to the proportion of men and women, 50:50), they carry the 2000 niqab. Whole 0.1%. In Germany, the situation of &quot;forced marriage&quot; has nebuloznija.
 German government in mid 2007. adopted a stricter law on so-called. Combining the family. &quot; If one spouse lives outside of Germany, that the new law received a permanent residence permit in Germany, it is necessary that, inter alia, the Goethe Institute in the country of residence to attend obligatornih 900 hours of German language. The German government wants to suppress the &quot;phenomenon of forced marriage&quot;, because in case that person and obtain a permanent resident visa, then get her to learn German language in the country should make it easier to get into Germany free of these shackles. It is a clear racist law shown by the fact that the law, for example, are not covered by U.S. citizens, South Korea, Thailand, but only in countries where Muslims are a majority. At the request of German party Die Linke &quot;(neokomunisti) in the German Bundestag, what proportion of forced marriages where one spouse - usually women - to live outside Germany and what is the proportion of marriages, marriages between nationals of the Turkish government&#39;s response was to have no concrete figures and that the relevant ministry for families, seniors, women and youth conduct a study whose results will be known until late 2010.
 year. In other words, the German government adopted the Law on the Suppression of something where there are no specific advance knowledge. At the request neokomunista as a basis in late 2010. was a conclusion of whether the law was effective or not, did not get a response. Three years after the entry into force of the merger procedure pooštrenoj families will be known first empirical data on this phenomenon. Otherwise, the procedure is reversed - long before any initiative becomes law, parliamentarians are examined her circumstances and the degree of truthfulness. If it encounters a problem about it is discussed in the committees and gives concrete suggestions about his tackling. At the end of this process is the conversion initiatives in the status of the law. The normal procedure has the advantage that it wants to balance the proportionality of the new law. Tim ago when the law encroaches on the constitutionally guaranteed freedom of private individuals, such as the free choice of spouse.
 But when it comes to Muslims, then the German government sees no need to be holding steady process and based on the frivolous and tendentious statements of individuals pass laws and long after the entry into force of a law giving to investigate the prevalence of the phenomenon against which the law is struggling. Why - remains their secret. In this diffuse the situation on the ground and fits the story of a certain girl, originally from Serbia, which with its 15 years forced to marry her 19-year-old countryman who lives in Berlin. German daily newspaper &quot;Berliner Kurier&quot; are 2.5.2010. entitled &quot;Police rescued 15-year-old from forced marriage&quot; convey this news: &quot;The money for the bride has already been paid to her parents, the term of the marriage already contracted. Yesterday, the first of May to Jelena (15) from Hamburg to Berlin should marry. Police have rescued a juvenile Serb woman from this forced marriage. Jelena is the Internet appealed to rescue their teacher. &quot;In a violent marriage is not only known members of the Islamic cultural sphere (which, incidentally, has nothing to do with Islam), I know from personal experience.
 In the article &quot;Three hićaje the point of&quot; 2 years ago I wrote: &quot;Together with his son Anısına dad decided to visit his daughter and the strength of arguments to convince it to abide by his decision to marry a young man who had never seen before. When it was clear that she and the persuasion, threats and curses to remain in its decision, the father of her two or three times smacked his fist in the face and broke two teeth in her head. Anisa is closed on intensive hospital ward and in the end, however, had to agree. Albanian Anisa was &quot;forcibly married&quot; to his suplemenjaka. Although it meets all the requirements for media exploitation of her fate by various experts on Islam, Muslims who altruistically want to introduce in the 21 century, Anısına story appeared in newspapers, when this was called to an organization and, apart from her close friends, nobody will never know through what it is all gone. Why? Because Anisa at the time of the exchange of arguments with my Baba bore the name Kristina, she is a former Albanian Catholic [and her then-husband], who after her divorce from her abusive husband converted to Islam.
 Because of this, &quot;falinke&quot; her fate is not interesting for German dušebrižnike, a potentiation on such stories would only introduced in the current patchwork of blaming Muslims that their daughters marry under duress, which would be quite confusing to the recipients. To suddenly appear different Kristine and Mary, the Christian religion from the people of the Mediterranean Sea area to go through similar torture, which they want to monopolize the media only for Muslims. &quot;That the media would not have brought confusion to the head of average Germans, distracting him information on which could be the question of the exclusivity coupling &quot;Islam&quot; and &quot;forced marriage&quot;, of Helena was the next day became Fatima, and write daily newspaper BZ: BZ on Sunday reported one of the students from Hamburg by the police rescued from forced marriage. Fatima M. There are only 15 years. A man who was supposed to marry is called Nebojsa, lives in Spandau (Berlin part) and yet he is 19 years.
 2.5.2010 should be celebrated seizure girlish innocence. On that occasion, the traditional toast with homemade brandy soaked with blood čaršaf. Blood was evidence that the girl entered into marriage as virgins. And proving that it no longer. Delighted visitors to the anti-Islamic blogs whose IQ is on the verge of debility of their worldview, if they were not familiar with that Nebojsa is not exactly a typical Muslim name, is not bothered by the allegation in the article something like &quot;celebrated with homemade brandy,&quot; Few among them are načitaniji &quot;put his hand into the fire&quot; that Fatima or Sandzak, or Albanian, which has a Serbian passport, &quot;and since then that have made the German media islamofilni Serb woman in national terms.&quot; Even the set and photomontage &quot;Fatima&quot; with the hijab, and the last debilno visitor to such sites, whose mother and father also brother and sister, knows what it is. The story of Fatima were then taken almost all the German media.
 Even without mentioning her name, people automatically associated the case with Islam. Propaganda makes his own. On videoreportaži &quot;Spiegel TV&quot; in an interview with Nebojsa parents, and Jelena &#39;brother gave to see the symbols of the Orthodox faith. ... This is an example of forced Islamization process of non-Muslims. If you make non-Muslim atrocity, about which the ijma that something like this just do the Muslims, then the continuity of such a worldview is established such methods. Or, as is the case of Albanian Anise, ex-Christine, nezainteresovanošću total for the reporting of such cases that threaten to undermine the clichés about Muslims. But there are also cases reversed, and this is deislamizacija positive actions of Muslims if it is hereby assigned the role of &quot;bad boys&quot; in German society. Then, whatever you&#39;re doing, thinking and writing, and this coincides with a positive consensus of German society, then either their reproaches to be well covered up (debilno antiislamisti professionals who act for Islam talk about how to &quot;tuqja&quot; which is an integral part of Islamic belief, that they are more stupid than the first to use the phrase &quot;dialüg&quot; (a mixture of &quot;dialog&quot; and &quot;the luge&quot; - lying).
 Fight for your cliché about Muslims in February this year launched a group of fighters against the &quot;Islamization of Germany&quot; centered around a blog that the days of bombing the owner of a hall in Bonn to cancel the performance of the famous German preachers Pierre Vogel. The owner eventually collapsed, and indeed has canceled his appearance. The topic on which Vogel wanted to reference was &quot;Islam condemns terrorism.&quot; It seems that this violated the rules laid down by Islamophobia. So to avoid the danger that its correct picture of Islam pressured the owner of the hall, fighting with all their might for its continuity. Source: Islambosna.ba Add this article to your favorite online community, Hits: 315 Comments (0) RSS feed comment&#39;s You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 