North Korea threatens to fire more missiles to South Korea if it &quot;only a fraction of a millimeter,&quot; crossed their disputed maritime border. Warning comes after the North has already bombed a South Korean island near the disputed border, with the latest information by foreign agencies killed two Marines and wounded 13 of them. The North Korean army said that it will implement a &quot;relentless attacks retribution&quot; if they are neighbors to the south are not obeyed. South Korea, after the attack said that she returned the fire and prepared a military fighter jets, and that &quot;inhuman attack&quot; in violation of the cease-fire in 1953. year, that ended the Korean War. The two countries are technically still at war, because he never negotiated a peace treaty. The conflict came amid high tensions due to the North Korean statement that they have a new plant for enriching uranium, and only six weeks after the North Korean leader Kim Jong Il has appointed his son, Kim Jong Una, as successor.
 Artillery attack struck the small island of Yeonpyeong, which featured a military installation, as well as very small population, which is already a point of controversy. One Marine was killed, three seriously, and ten wounded, reported the South Korean army. Residents of the island are quickly taken refuge in 20 shelters on the island while sporadic firing continued. The attack happened in the middle of the South Korean military exercises. North Korea has warned that the practice must stop, and during exercises on the island seaward fired artillery projectiles. After a barrage from the north, the South Korean army fired a few missiles of their own artillery in the opposite direction. Yt ¯ Local television reported that several civilian houses set on fire on the island, and that shells are still falling. South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has ordered the government to &quot;respond firmly&quot; to the provocation, but he also added that it should ensure that the situation does not escalate.
 Lee has been in office for emergencies gathered all relevant civilian and military officials. U.S. has urged North Korea to &quot;cease their hostile actions,&quot; adding that supports the defense of South Korea. China, a major benefactor of North Korea, has expressed its concern over the case, but urged all sides to calm down. The western border between the two Koreas is the long time point of controversy, because it does not recognize South Korea. Boundary unilaterally drawn U.S. 1953rd years after the war. Only in the last few years, two of Korea led several bloody conflicts around the border. The two countries are in a particularly tense relationship since March, when he sank a South Korean warship Cheonan. Subsequent investigations of the international commission has concluded that a North Korean torpedo boat sank, but North Korea denies its involvement. The BBC has issued a list of possible reasons why there has been a new exchange of fire between North and South Korea in the disputed western maritime border.
 Some analysts believe firmly that it is a new provocation from the north due to the transfer of power from Kim Jong Ila to his son Kim Jong Una. Old Kim is the latest in September, when the son asked to key positions in the Communist Party and the Central Military Commission made it clear who was chosen as successor. Analysts believe that the chances that incidents like today&#39;s artillery barrage, or sinking of a warship Cheonan isolated military action unlikely. It is much more likely that their objective is to enhance the reputation and dominant position of the young Kim. Young Kim has had no voice within the military structure. However, if it seemed to be controlled by the army in the realization of some military success, it would probably help him in taking over power. North Korea is known to cause incidents of the past when faced with problems in the long negotiations on the abolition of its nuclear program.
 Negotiations with the six world powers, who began 2005th year end of April 2009. year. One of the key reasons for the termination of negotiations was the fact that North Korea would not be completely open about its uranium enrichment program, which is believed to lead. These suspicions proved justified, as this month North Korea announced its modest, but extremely stylish enrichment program. Americans are just a few hours before the latest conflict, said there is no chance to return to negotiations until the program exists. Communication between the armies of the two neighboring Korea has traditionally been poor, due to a misunderstanding has already repeatedly been minor conflicts. South Korea recognizes the western boundary, which is a demarcation line drawn U.S. 1953rd year, but North Korea does not recognize it. South Korea is also the just started military exercises in this sensitive area, making it possible to be paranoid leadership in the north scared.
 South Korean president, after he took his seat 2008th The drastically reduced the amount of aid that is sent to the troubled neighbors. Send further assistance led to the North Korean cooperation in nuclear negotiations. North Korea simply can not feed its population without the help of the South, prior to Lee&#39;s aid came regularly, so his move had drastic consequences. North Korea from the United States wants economic help, and attention in the last few weeks have been invited to continue negotiations, but under its terms. The country is often known to use the attacks and provocations as a way of attracting international attention to themselves, but this time is problematic as there had been a soldier&#39;s death. South Korea is usually pretty quiet about these incidents, but the question is when will they get tired. Today&#39;s incident between North and South Korea condemned the United States, Russia and the European Union, while China and Japan expressed its concern about the situation in the region.
 China, a close ally of North Korea has called for the establishment of stability and peace. &quot;We hope that it will make all the colors in order to establish peace and stability on the Korean peninsula,&quot; said a spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Hong Lei He added that it expected more information about the incident, reports AFP. Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan was due to the incident called for an urgent meeting with senior government officers. The prime minister later announced that the ministers ordered to be on standby in case of &quot;unexpected developments&quot;, but also to try to gather as much information about today&#39;s incident. For Japan, North Korea is a military threat because its nuclear and missile programs, and are therefore subject to the relations between the two countries are tense for years. U.S. ally South Korea has strongly condemned the North Korean attack and called on Pyongyang should cease its military attacks and comply with the cease-fire in 1953.
 year that ended the Korean War. White House spokesman, Robert Gibbs added that the U.S. is a close relationship with its allies South Korea, &quot;for which the defense, but also the maintenance of regional peace and stability, will ever make.&quot; Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said North Korea has harshly condemned the shooting and called for an end to violence. Lavrov called the riots &quot;enormous uncertainty&quot; which can easily go in armed conflict. High Representative of the European Union, Catherine Ashton, North Korea condemned the incident and urged Pyongyang to refrain activities that will increase tension. And NATO has condemned the attack, a spokesman for Cameron Romero announced that NATO would closely monitor developments on the Korean peninsula.
 