12/03/2010 Greek government&#39;s attempt to ban smoking in public places are mostly ignored. Although the law is in line with EU recommendations, the business community says the economy is already bad enough without the additional disturbance of guests who pay. Maria Paravantes for Southeast European Times in Athens - 12/03/10 Since about 20,000 Greeks die every year from diseases associated with tobacco, the country has banned smoking in public places. However, adherence to the ban is a contentious issue. [Getty Images] This Friday was crowded into one of the most popular Athenian music clubs, where a group of friends come to the evening entertainment after a hard week. As soon as they sat down, men and women pulled out their cigarettes and found that there are no ashtrays on the tables. &quot;No smoking&quot;, said the waitress taking their order. &quot;Maybe later ...&quot; Twenty minutes later, 500 or more people at the club was in a cloud of smoke and ash were shaking on the floor.
 Greek law adopted in July 2009. was banned smoking in public places, increased taxes on cigarettes and introduced fines of up to 500 euros for violating the ban. However, it did not have any discernible impact on smoking in public places. A person employed in a bar says, &quot;If you just look around you&#39;ll see that nobody does not comply with the law ... you&#39;ll see that non-smoking sections of restaurants are empty, a smoking crowded tables, which were transferred from non-smoking sections to accommodate guests&#39; . According the Ministry of Health, approximately 20,000 residents of Greece, from a total of 11 million people, die each year from diseases related to tobacco. The remaining 600 die from passive smoking or inhaling of air that pollute the smokers in their vicinity. &quot;Smoking destroys the national health systems,&quot; said recently ministarica Education Anna Diamantopoulou, ahead of a campaign to increase awareness in schools - particularly among adolescents - about the dangers of smoking.
 Last year was the first time in Greek Supreme Court ruled in favor of the complaint against his employer for damages that he suffered as a result of passive smoking. Research shows that over 38 percent of Greece smokes, which means that the country is on the top compared to other European countries. Ministry of Health data show that 46 percent of adult males and over 31 percent of women smoke on a daily basis. &quot;The whole country smokes,&quot; said Panagiotis Behrakis, director of the National Steering Committee for tobacco control, the daily Kathimerini said last month. According to Greek law, companies with over 50 employees can have specially designated rooms for smoking. Restaurants, bars, cafés and clubs from the area over 70 square must have isolated a smoking room. Smaller facilities may choose whether to be non-smoking area, while larger buildings (over 300 square meters) must have a separate enclosed rooms with separate ventilation systems.
 &quot;Our bar is a place for smoking,&quot; said the barmaid Popi who did not want to mention the full name. &quot;There is no chance that any owner convert their premises into non-smoking facility. Then he would definitely lose guests. They do not share all of this view. Helen H, the mother of a one child, she spent hours in various shopping centers in Athens to find a restaurant with a non-smoking part of that may go with her son. Found that restaurants that used to have given up such parts of them. Similar articles Loading &quot;is particularly difficult in the winter for someone with a child, pregnant, or even non-smokers have no choice,&quot; said Helen. Owners of bars and clubs in the Greek capital believe that the smoking ban has deteriorated business at the time of financial crisis. Even those who have applied for permission to smoking have been met with a large bureaucracy in the processing of your application. The law also prohibits smoking in hospitals, offices and taxis, but everyone will inevitably come across a taxi driver with a cigarette.
 &quot;I stopped a taxi the other day and found herself in a cloud of smoke,&quot; said Mary, which is a non-smoker. &quot;The irony of all this was a prominent sign prohibiting smoking. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 