Police on Saturday evacuated Times Square, the busiest square in New York, the threat of car bomb planted in the rear of the Nissan Pathfinder abandoned on the 45th Street near Seventh Avenue. Thousands of people were evacuated from the square, and police explosive device disassembled on site. NYPD spokesman Paul Brown reported that the police do not know what the motives of the attack. Police are hoping to find out more shots after reviewing numerous security cameras in the area. Pakistani Taliban a few hours later took responsibility for a failed bomb attack. On one Islamist website announced that they wanted to perform a bombing in revenge for the murder of two Islamists. Explosive mixture by the police officers noticed around 18.30 local time, said Police Chief Raymond Kelly, consisting of propane and gasoline and the wires which were connected to clocks.
 - The purpose of the bombs was to create a huge fire - said Kelly, announcing that the car will undergo extensive DNA analysis and the search for fingerprints. Kelly explained that the officers went to the car after they were warned to smoke a Vietnam veteran who was drafted near the tops. Dozens of police blocked access to the square, and so cut the vein blood of Manhattan. Emptied the shops along Seventh Avenue between 43rd and Broadway and 46 streets, as well as parts of Eighth Avenue. Canceled at least one play on Broadway, and most others were displaced. Media reports that in a theater audience was forbidden to leave the building until the danger passes. Times Squere are covered ambulance, fire and police vehicles. For several hours gripped the quiet, very unusual for the center of New York. - I went to the show &quot;Billy Elliot&quot; when we were forced to move away from Times Square.
 Whoever was responsible obviously wanted to kill lots of people and cause great damage. It was a message. I am very worried - told the NY Daily News Sharon Marques-Feinstein found that on the spot. Angela Casey from Ohio with his wife was staying at the Marriot. -They came to us at the door and said that a threat exists and to pick up our stuff. They allowed the people who stayed on the first six floors to remain in the building, but we prefer to remove. I was very nervous. I would like to leave this area - told reporters. It was the first bomb planted in New York since the attacks on the World Trade Center 1993rd year, which killed six and wounded more than a thousand people. This attack is considered an overture to what was followed by 11th September 2001. was, reminiscent of NY Daily News. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg appeared at an event at the White House, and when he heard what was happening back in New York and immediately visited Times Square.
 Once you are familiar with the situation said the bomb was made amateurish, but that the incident could be quite dangerous. Some media claim that the police, among other things, examines the possibility that it was a revenge for the popular cartoon South Park. The bomb was placed close to Viacom, the company that owns the controversial cartoon series. The Islamists are on their website last month threatened to authors Matt Stone and Trey Parker of ridiculing the prophet Muhammad. Police is also an interesting similarity between this attack with an incident that 2007th occurred in London when Islamic terrorists set two car bombs similar content in front of the nightclub Tiger Tiger. Janet Napolitano, Minister of Homeland Security in the New York attack was characterized as a &quot;potential terrorist attack.&quot; Judged to be probably an isolated incident and said that there is currently no evidence that it is of any wider conspiracy.
 Performance Janet Napolitano, otherwise, had the primary purpose of the nation to explain what the authorities are taking about a disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, but was overtaken by events.
 