Croatian government after visiting Vice Djurdja Adlesic approved the initiative of CCE. The office in Kabul were sent to Stanley Dunatov and Zvonimir Radiček-transmitted BBC News. &quot;Afghanistan needs all kinds of goods and services, and government budget is several billion dollars to be spent each year on imports of goods and services and to infrastructure projects,&quot; said Dunatov and Radiček. &quot;In the next few weeks we open an office of the Croatian Chamber of Commerce in Kabul, says the duo. Their task is to introduce the Croatian company with calls, do all the preparations for the arrival of businessmen and provide them with contacts. Duna and Radiček believe that Afghanistan is becoming the world&#39;s business, and many developing world countries are trying to put on this rapidly growing market. NATO has a big budget in Afghanistan since the country&#39;s stationed tens of thousands of soldiers of ISAF.
 Among them there were three hundred Croatian soldiers. NATO funded the construction of infrastructure, buildings, airports, telecommunications and energy sectors. Imports, and huge quantities of food, beverages and other goods for which it is, and spends around two billion U.S. dollars. Croatia, with the permission of NATO opens the possibility for export of goods and services worth about forty million euros over the next two years. However, the duo from the CCC&#39;s goal in the civilian sector that is expanding rapidly, so that Croatian companies have taken part an investment that will negotiate the Afghan government, which has been earmarked for this purpose several billion dollars annually. &quot;The new emerging markets finally arrive at the right time, in our businesses is not to be afraid to come to this market,&quot; said Donatus. &quot;The license for free access to all calls that opens the Afghan government so far has the United States, Canada, Russia, India, Pakistan and Croatia,&quot; said Deputy Prime Minister George Adlešić.
 Some Croatian companies are already well known in Afghanistan Podravka, Duro Dakovic, Koncar ... - and the business opportunities opening up and construction sectors. The chance for our economy and the tenders for the procurement of medical equipment, IT technology, agriculture. &quot;The arrival of this market is expensive, and no profit is extra large,&quot; said Dunatov and Radiček. They believe that the Croatian companies, in cooperation with the CCC, take this great opportunity. Otherwise, Afghanistan&#39;s Central Asian member states of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation covering a market of around 400 million inhabitants. If Croatia succeeds in this market, it will be a springboard for some other countries in the region. This is the first non-European Chamber of Commerce office. Previous articles: Croatia million jobs in Afghanistan (31.03.2010.) Croatia has sent 20 soldiers to Afghanistan (30.04.2010.) Danas.hr 24.05.2010.
 