Quarter meeting of the World Cup in South Africa will open old acquaintances - Brazil and the Netherlands. Five-time world champions were convincing, with seven points, took a walk in a group G, in the quarter-finals with a 3:0 team defeated Chile. The Dutch, on the other hand, with Argentina the only team with a perfect score performance. After three wins in the group, in the quarter-finals with a 2: Newcomers win Slovak. Statistics and history say that Brazil is the favorite in the meetings with the Netherlands. Četvrtfinalnoj win out since 1994. year at the World Championships in the U.S., they add to the celebration of the semi-final four years later in France. Then they performed better penalties. However, statistics can deceive, and tradition has it that one day, and collapses. Clash of the giants, Brazil against European workers&#39; Carioca match was played at the stadium Nelson Mandela in Porth Elizabeth. In the eighth minute of Brazil took the lead 1:0.
 Assistant Melo, scorer Robinho. However, the assistant referee raised his flag to indicate the hinterland. Slow motion revealed that Robinho was not in the hinterland, but Melo before it was inappropriate position. GOOOOOOOOOL, 10 minutes - almost half of the field with the ball was sent Felipe Melo, a Middle Dutch defenders were razmaknuli and thus allow Robinho to lead Brazil into the lead. A minute later sijevnulo the front door of Julio Cesar. On the edge of the penalty area tried to Dirk Kuyt, but refuses to Cesar in the corner. In the 14th minute, turning yellow is nervous Heitinga, Luis Fabiano from demolition. With 40 meters from a free kick shot is Dani Alves, but not sufficiently strong and extremely imprecise. In 25th minute, a new opportunity for Brazil. On the right side of Dani Alves Kuyt broke a long time, and finally threw hut in the penalty area and his shot imprecise Juan shows why play defense than offense. In 31st minute great action Brazilians.
 Robinho is on the left ispremiješao Dutch defense, which gave the Fabiana fifth ball forward Kaka, and this with about twenty feet shot straight at the opponent&#39;s goal crutches. Great shot, but even better defense Stekelnburga. Yellow card for the 37th Bastos minute. Brazilian left back made a foul over Robben. It was not a particularly rough start, but this was the fifth foul over Robben Bastos. In 46th minute, after a long campaign the Dutch, the grooves sijevnula cons Brazil and Maicon is the edge of the penalty area beat violently, but Stekelnburg was ready. Finished the first half. At the beginning of the second half Wan der Wiel has earned a yellow card for simulation. If Holland goes on, it will be in the quarterfinals. GOOOOOOOOOL, 52 minutes - the Netherlands came to the tie. Wesley Sneijder scored from 40 meters, Melo touched his head and sent the ball into his own net.
 Without any real action, the Dutch returned to the start of things. In 62nd minute of the game leaves Bastos, and instead the court enters Gilberto Melo. A minute later, crowded penalty area in Brazil and Lucio you block an attempt Wesley Sneijder. However, the judge does not show the white point. In 64th new minute yellow card. This time earned him the de Jong, due to violations of Robinho. If the Netherlands has passed away, or he will not compete in the semifinals. GOOOOOOOOOL, 67 minutes - The Netherlands has turned the result. Korner was performed by Robben, Kuyt in the first returnees moved the ball, and Wesley Sneijder head leads the Netherlands in the lead. In 73rd minute Felipe Melo is completely lost his temper. The first is Robben broke, so he then stepped on the floor. Because of this behavior was given a direct red card. In 75th minute of play left today unrecognizable Luis Fabiano, a field it changes Nilmar. In 84th minute, a new opportunity for the Netherlands.
 Van Persie got the ball into the penalty area, made for Sneijder, but his shot caught Julio Cesar. Sheath minute Van Persie left field, and enters Huntelaar. The game ended. The Dutch broke the curse of the Brazilian and deservedly went into the semifinals. Ingredients: Brazil: Cesar, Maicon, Lucio, Juan, Bastos, Melo, Silva, Alves, Kaka, Robinho, Luis Fabiano Netherlands: Stekelenburg; der Wiel, Heitinga, Ooijer, Van Bronckhorst, Van Bommel, De Jong, Robben, Sneijder; Kuyt - van Persie
 