Feltman has not confirmed reports that Syria isporuèila Scud missiles Hezbollah, but said it would be &#39;provocative actions&#39;. Obama&#39;s administration announced that it has in recent weeks repeatedly warned Syria that delivery balistièkih Lebanese Hezbollah missiles could cause a new war in the Middle East. Assistant Secretary of State for the Middle East Jeffrey Feltman on Wednesday before the Committee on Foreign Affairs Predstavnièkog houses of Congress said that since the end of February at least five times conveyed this message to the high Syrian officials. Feltman has not confirmed reports that Syria isporuèila Scud missiles Hezbollah, but said it would give such weapons Hezbollah was&#39;&#39;provocative actions&#39;&#39;that&#39;&#39;may affect war and peace in the region&#39;&#39;. He said the U.S. looks at this question with the deepest zabrinutošæu and that would keep &quot;all options&quot; open. Scud-C (NATO designation SS-1d) has a range up to 550 km and can carry a conventional warhead of 600 kg of explosives, which would mean that Hezbollah from bases in southern Lebanon could gaðati largest Israeli cities of Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and Haifa, as and the Israeli nuclear installations.
 - If these reports prove true, we will have to examine a number of resources that are available to ensure that Syria turn out from the combustible, provocative actions - Feltman said in congressional testimony. - I expect it will all be options on the table while we discussed it - he said, not ulazeæi in detail. Syria is the 1990-ies 150 imported Scud-C missiles Russian-Israel, which considers Hezbollah a major threat, was recently accused Syria that the group armed with taktièkim Scud missiles. According to data from the Swedish Institute for Peace Research (SIPRI), Syria is the 1990-ies 150 imported Scud-C missiles of Russian production, which itself is produced under license from North Korea the same variant of the missile called Hwasong 6, with Chinese assistance. Scud-C (NATO designation SS-1d) has a range up to 550 km and can carry a conventional warhead of 600 kg of explosives, which would mean that Hezbollah from bases in southern Lebanon could gaðati largest Israeli cities of Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and Haifa, as and the Israeli nuclear installations.
 Syria and Hezbollah have denied the charges of delivery Scudo, and on Wednesday it did, and Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri.
 