02.11.2010. On today&#39;s &quot;midterm&quot; (semi-) election in the United States chooses to 435 congressmen, senators and half of the third governor. All polls indicate that followed the defeat moderate Democrats. Typically, the presidential party in such election loses about 5% of the seats in Congress (25 congressmen), and this time it is expected the loss of about fifty seats in Congress and six to seven senators. Democrats have good chances to regain the governorship of California and Florida, and so far the best chance to legalize the cultivation and trafficking are regulated marijuana in California, which would have given a serious blow drug cartels that marijuana brings in around half of the revenues. The loss of the majority in Congress will prevent the continuation of legislative reforms Barack Obama, who was supposed to include big-ecological energy reform that would create millions of new jobs and ousted the military-oil lobby with the government. Such a situation is simply not supposed to allow for this election is, after the Supreme Court (a majority of judges appointed by Bush sr.
 and jr.) permitted UNLIMITED, THE SECRET and anonymous donations, Republicans have over the PAC&#39;s (political action commity) spent over two billion dollars on the race for Congress and Senate. American (s) constitution in the event of such a legislative blockade leaves a free hand in foreign policy, and within the executive branch of government (military, intelligence community, NASA, FBI, DEA, etc.). Kennedy has been successfully used these resources to reform the nation and bring it to the moon and create a society based multirasnog. Of course, such reforms require vision and a stable economy, something that no American president today. Instead, it remains an open way to impose its will on Congress through foreign policy, ie a successful military campaign. Victory in war would be together the whole country with him, motivated the industry and solidify the security of energy supply, and simultaneously settled the BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China) on &quot;their&quot; place.
 Of course, for this victory, we need a serious but relatively weak enemy. Guerrilla wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have proven to be extremely long, difficult and unpopular, without the possibility of clear and convincing victory. The only way out of them is to strengthen local forces, the establishment of the foundations of democracy with the calculation of local forces with terrorism. Unfortunately, this requires a high tolerance of corruption, crime and human rights violations by these &quot;allied&quot; regime. American (or world) public simply not perceived as a victory. So who is left? North Korea, with nuclear weapons and the army of one million to 30 km from Seoul, is too dangerous and unstable adversary which keeps back 1.4 billion Chinese people. Pakistani tribal-democratic regime that is constantly on the brink of war with India also has nuclear weapons and keep the environment in Afghanistan, nearly 200 000 U.S. and allied troops (including 300 Croatian).
 No theory, no gain. Iran remains the main oil supplier to China and the Far East, the sponsor of terrorism and political organizations in Gaza and Lebanon, with a strong influence on the Shiite majority in Iraq, Bahrain and the minority in the UAE Gulf whose feudal regimes, like Saudi Arabia directly threatened politically and religiously opposed to &quot;democratic&quot; Tehran&#39;s Shiite regime. The Saudis have already booked a $ 60 billion in the latest U.S. weapons, and &quot;secret&quot; allow (and &quot;denied&quot;), Israeli aircraft over-flight in both directions in the event of an attack on Iran. Israel was also unwilling to conclude any peace with the Palestinians until he threatens to destroy Iran and its proxy terrorist attacks allies (Hamas, Hezbollah). All of these factors, as well as the aggressive inflammatory rhetoric of his internal political opponents (Tea Party, Republicans, military-intelligence establishment, AIPAC) make such a decision the President.
 And will it bring, we can only speculate. Of course, there are many unforeseen risks and management of prolonged air war (like the attack on Serbia in 1999.) And the naval blockade of the Persian Gulf. The aim of such an operation would avoid land occupation, the destruction of nuclear, military, and the refining capacity of Iran. Possible risks may well go beyond all possible uses for America, Israel, Arabia, UAE, Bahrain, Qatar and Kuwait. Israel&#39;s conflict with Turkey and Egypt about one civilian humanitarian ship and the failure of Israeli operations in Gaza and southern Lebanon have shown that the situation could easily spin out of control and that the supremacy of military hardware does not mean much at odds with a determined and numerous enemy. Something in which Croats could teach many of their American allies.
 