Nevertheless, in the night between Monday and Tuesday (17./18.5.) Has already taken the first step towards the introduction of new rules. Committee on the Economy of the European Parliament adopted a draft regulation on hedge funds, which are admittedly somewhat different from that proposed by the Member States. While lawmakers believe that they should allow the operation of hedge funds from third countries in the European market if they comply with new European Union rules, EU member and this action conditional registration of the fund in each country in which he wishes to do business. One week after the agreed package for the preservation of financial stability &quot;heavy&quot; 750 billion euros, the common European currency remains under pressure. The reasons are many. Most of the eurozone this year will far exceed the permissible limit of three percent of GDP for the national deficit. Portugal and Spain last week announced a tough austerity measures, which were presented yesterday at a meeting of eurozone finance ministers in Brussels.
 And there received almost unanimous praise. Commissioner Olli Rehn said the economy was announced that each country has to find myself the best way to reduce the government deficit. However, for long-term saving euros are needed new rules. Thus, the European Commission last week proposed sanctions for budget sinners, that would automatically step onto the force, not only after protracted negotiations within the euro zone finance ministers. In addition, Brussels wants to have a full review but in the draft state budget. Member States are working to reform measures to preserve stability and encourage economic growth. Working Group under the leadership of the President of the European Council of Herman van Rompuy on Friday (21.5.) Began operating. While the European Commission wants reforms that are possible within the existing European agreements, Germany does not exclude the possibility of changing these regulations. It would, for example, was necessary to countries with excessive debts could at least temporarily take away the right to vote.
 After the announcement stage and promises, the EU must now take concrete measures. And the message of the finance ministers of the European Union member states want to stop the decline in euro.
 