Almost every Olympic Games wants in the final medal standings at the top of the rise, but Canadians are still exaggerating in their expectations. Besides Germany and the United States it is impossible to pass, not even the summer games. While the Chinese are preparing for Beijing in special camps and quarantine, and all subordinated winning Olympian, Canadian athletes had only a slightly larger budget, which are generally paid a large corporation. For, not only so you can create a &quot;Kostelic in a few years. The Chinese have yet to succeed because they are fanatical and very systematically working on this, which shows the final result of the Games in 2008. year. Sounds ridiculous excuse that the Canadian media after the first week were in &quot;prebučnoj audience that interferes with our athletes achieve better success.&quot; Likewise they could tell that the crowd overpowered, or something else. Final medal count, however Canadians must provide a reason for satisfaction.
 (Note: The text is printed for the edition had to be closed on Thursday, but for the internet edition is a nice add to the last day before the state changed considerably - after Saturday - Canada&#39;s third in total, and the number of gold first!) Public pressure was was really great. Canada to Vancouver ever on home ground (Montreal 1976th, Calgary 1988.) Did not win gold. &quot;Innocence&quot; is the third day off Alexandre Bilodeau of free skiing. Unlike the heroes Bilodeaua, Jennifer Heil was the second day of the Games in the media crucified because he did not win gold, but only a silver medal in free skiing. So much for the accommodation of impatience, which is the real start of Winter-and yet marked the beginning of men&#39;s hockey tournament. The city, as in Split before the derby, it could only hear the &quot;do you have a ticket&quot; and &quot;buying / selling tickets.&quot; Matches against Norway and Switzerland were just warming up for the so-called. Super Sunday, as they pompously called the hosts of the day, when the group sticks to confront the U.S. and Canada.
 Although southern neighbors celebrated, the reasons for the sadness was gone. Bunch of people in populated downtown Vancouver sang dressed with flags, happily drunk, without a motive for the riot. After all, there is found and the decision of local authorities to ban alcohol filling that is slightly decreased the total amount malignant. Because who intend to drink, I managed it without any problems. And in the hall (which for this occasion, had to change the name sponsored GM Place in Canada Hockey Place), for eight dollars per glass volume four ounces. Packaging NHL, the content of Olympism. I do not get any better when it comes to sport, whose homeland is Canada. The tournament is played on a narrower, NHL hockey, and around him, with an accompanying show, great audience that knows and understands this dynamic and real men&#39;s game. When watching hockey live, Ovječkin, Crosby and other stars are only about ten feet from you, football, and even the Champions League, they look a little funny. Drunken fans was, despite the prohibition of filling alcohol, but riot, guess what, even a little Eh, if Croatia has performed at the Olympics, the only &quot;sad&quot; that you thought then comes to mind.
 A variety of &quot;pilgrims&quot; came to Vancouver just for hockey, numbers are dominated by Russians, mainly those deeper pockets, which along with water and have eaten the typical youthful blonde girl. By concern over the ice are not delayed or Czechs, Slovaks, Scandinavians ... This is for fans of this sport straight World Cup. Volunteers are most deserving greatest burden of these games, after all, and all the others, were presented by volunteers. They are about 25,000 per day with the whole (inconspicuous) smile helped viewers, reporters and athletes. And there were not only Canadians, one could also meet the New Zealanders, Australians, French, ... but also for many Canadian Croats. Neither of the Olympic Games are not perfect, however, the International Olympic Committee tried to present an ideal image. So no wonder the instruction in the Guide for the volunteers who says - Stay away from stories with media professionals. However, not Canada, for example, China, and it was not hard to find the mood calls.
 Especially if you see the &quot;exotic&quot; countries. Retired Ukrainian origin, a resident of Vancouver, said that the venues have free food and drinks, and McDonald&#39;s and similar restaurants in the main media center discount of 20 percent. Who is from Vancouver, I had to take care of accommodation. &#39;Coffee shop&#39; in Vancouver - I am a taxpayer of the Games will cost, so this is my contribution to the total cost - pragmatically pointed out, &quot;interviewed&quot; a volunteer. Speaking of costs, we ran into Boris Saka, the first man of the entire IT system. The already legendary &quot;kompjutoraš&quot; started his career at the Mediterranean Games in Split, 1979th, and the first Olympic Games were his one in Moscow in 1980. Since then, the irreplaceable. And the sleeve has so much data that is easily 10 minutes too. That was pointed out that Canadians are just the IT spend about 300 million U.S. dollars, but that, unlike many other organizers, cleverly planned to proceed.
 When the curtain falls and the sum of accounts, a real big loss will result in only a track for bobsled, and skeleton sledding. Saka says, after the Games it would be best to raze. Even the Whistler Olympic Park where they held competitions in biathlon, cross country skiing and ski jumping, it will be profitable later, making the tourism industry, and educate new generations of Canadian Olympians. Wisely the organizer fare to cover the costs of competition in Whistler and surrounding areas (two hours drive from the city). Specifically, the big players say - and you will cover the costs later on in this area, convenient to build cottages, apartments and hotels. Specifically, the country&#39;s bid for the Olympics grew rapidly and eventually everyone will be a win-win. Apart from people who have always lived here. Indians are once again &quot;smoked&quot;. Inuit Inukshuk statue served as the mascot of the Games Whistler, the only place where people of Vancouver can ski at a relatively far from the city, going to side with American and Swiss Aspen St.
 Moritz. They say that British Columbia is the most expensive state in Canada, and Whistler in British Columbia has the most expensive. That says it all. Despite the crowd of games and bad, slushy and južinavom time in the first four days, everything is vrvjelo of rich, mostly young Canadians who have corrected this known but the ski resort. Diaspora in a bad movie in the last mentioned below are a number of Croats living in Vancouver and surrounding areas. The first impression was great, but after a deeper analysis and interviews with some of them, gained the impression that too in his film, sealed in a small circle, but also closed from Canada, a country that gave them everything. The best example is the 70-year-old who was talking to us, waving Croatian flags, then, after contact with their homeland, was in tears. In the pause after the combined downhill, pulled out a piece of paper on which is the typical retirement handwriting said: Ivica Kostelic, N. Zrncic Dim, Dalibor Samsal, Jakov Fak (it was her neighbor from Mrkopalj, says), Andrea Stipančić-Mrvelj, Andrej Buric ...
 &quot;Asked the man when performing and what are the results of our athletes. And it&#39;s nice. But, reprimanded his sons as a married Polish women, and the other Italians. When asked why, now when he retired, returns to his homeland and peace in a nice living from the Canadian pension, corresponding to her family there. Crazy fans do not miss - Croatia is my home - proudly. And Canada? Here you see the Chinese or Indians who waved Chinese and Indian flag. They are considered to be Canadians and are proud of their new, single country. That is the crux and the key thing that Canada does exactly as it is - a multicultural, open, rich, prosperous. We can safely say that our people are spoiling the image. The conversation seemed to want to count blood cells and determine who is more patriotic. If you run into from Split and Zagreb resident who exchanged experiences, the first question: - Why do not you argue? As they did not know that anyone who goes to the Olympics leaves a quarrel, and any negative energy, if any, at home.
 And tomorrow, but our diaspora without pardon used to go to Canada to earn bread, and on Sunday to gather in their &quot;ghetto&quot; after the mass. Of course, not everyone is like that. There are those who integrate into society in a proper manner, which does not mean that their children do not speak Croatian language. However, we should conclude brighter. Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver and Whistler deserve a straight. Sometimes we had the impression that every major tournament in any sport will be awarded to Canada, and even the World Cup, for example. It&#39;s nice to be in Vancouver, to seeing in London, Sochi, Rio ... Vancouver matko cancer heroines and heroes of each game born of true heroes, if we only win the gold as a criterion. This was the case in Canada, and are difficult to enumerate all. The memory will remain Canada&#39;s Kristie Moore who was in the sixth month of pregnancy performed in curling, and Slovenian Peter Majdič who won a bronze medal in cross country skiing, after a serious injury sustained in the heat.
 Majdič before the race fell into a deep hole and hit a tree, but despite the pain and with four broken ribs, in some sort of trance, rushed to the bronze, after it crashed in the end, the infusion and hospitals were inevitable. And our greatest hero, James certainly Fak. Southern Hemisphere If you have wondered whether the Winter Olympics ever held in the Earth&#39;s southern hemisphere, the answer is - it&#39;s difficult, almost impossible. As we said Boris Saka, today the IOC insists that organizers of the Games is at least one million, and no one in the southern hemisphere has a mountain near you that can meet Olympic requirements. Less of a problem as to when they occurred in the northern summer. Also, we wanted to know whether, as in football and some sports games organized in the two countries. Saka said that to happen only in case of emergency, which would greatly hampered the organization, but would certainly prevent the IOC has in its infancy.
 And yet, he concluded Saka, Russians in Sochi 2014th not at all to save in order to show the world how to run them with milk and honey. Bowen Island ski competitions delay due to bad weather was the perfect opportunity for an excursion into nature, in some place that will, if you think of Canada, to the best exercise. Given the fact that Vancouver Island is far away and requires long hours of travel, we have chosen is closer to Bowen Island, the size of our Lastovo. Twenty-minute speedboat taxi from the center of Vancouver, lies a true gem for the peace of the soul. Small town with a marina, it is desirable destination for retirees, golfers, boaters, hikers and many tourists. It has all the necessary infrastructure for daily life and should not often go to town. There, the average house costs about a million and half dollars, 500 thousand more than in a typical residential neighborhood in Vancouver. Hardly anyone with an average annual salary of 40,000 Canadian dollars (net) can afford it.
 Most apartments and houses in the city are rented, the average amount of rent from $ 1500 per month.
 