The festivities for this year&#39;s choice for the best Croatian newspaper photograph at Antunović finished this year&#39;s project that was started seven years ago Choir photographers, and apart from the competition for the selection of the best Croatian newspaper photographs, the project includes a traveling exhibition in ten Croatian cities and supporting photomonograph. This year, the best Croatian newspaper photographs were elected in seven categories: Events, Everyday Life, Reportage or Collection, Arts and Entertainment, Portrait, Sport and the Environment. During the period from 1 to 28 February, as the contest lasted, reported the 120 photographers from all over the Croatian newspaper editors, with 2 201 operations. The decision on the best photos in the categories of International Trade issued a special jury, which consisted of: Andrew Testa, a documentary photographer, New York Times, the Guardian and Observer, and a multiple winner of World Press Photo Award, Mr.
 Marko Drobnjakovic, photojournalist for the Associated Press and Mr. Nikola Solic, Reuters photographer. Winning photos are: Investigation of Pixsella Javorović Davor (category event) Ante Zeljko Tešija Hladík from Pixsella (category Everyday Life) Observatory Sasa Kosanovic (Reportage category / collection) Model Antonio Bronić from Pixsella (category Entertainment &amp; Arts), Ralph Armstrong refuted by Mladen ( Portrait category) Majdandžić auotra Miroslav Rain in Getty (category Sport) tuna catch by George Miskovic from Getty (Environment category). Among the winning photos, newspaper photographer was declared the model by Antonio Bronić. Competition are able to access all the Croatian professional photographers. All individual images had to be taken in 2009. in the Republic of Croatia, and in news reports or collections of at least one photo must be taken in the past year.
 When choosing the best photographs, the jury did not see the name of the author nor the names of editorial board or agency in which the authors are doing photography. Winners in the categories were awarded cash amount of 5,000 EUR net, while the author of the photo was awarded with an additional 2500 EUR net. Sponsors best choice Croatian newspaper photographs are Pliva, BBC News, NCL Media Group, Jana, Novi list, Pixsell, Croatian Post and school books. Touring exhibition of photographs will start 22nd April at the Croatian office in Jurisiceva street in Zagreb. Selection of the 100 best photographs of 2009 from You can see the http://www.fotoreporteri.hr/. Photo: D. Javorović Tags: Comments (1) John dgo says ... Congratulations Davor, definitely deserved! April 05, 2010 Votes: +0 Write comment
 