&quot;It important to leave as soon as a consensus about the mechanism of control over current foreign-trade, import-export imbalances. Seoul summit of G-20 was tasked France, as chairman of the next Summit, to define this mechanism. &quot;Summit of 20 economic leaders and the most powerful industrial countries ended last Friday in Seoul, a joint declaration on further steps to revive the world economy. Despite general agreement on the guidelines of balancing economic growth, resolving one of the key issues - the difference in the attitudes of the United States and China on the Chinese yuan exchange rate against other strong currencies - the rest is still open. With smiles and deep differences the leaders of the G-20 were separated from Seoul. Two days of talks, arguments and counter-arguments analysts as razvodnjenje obligations in the fight against protectionism and the current foreign-trade imbalance.
 Analyst Kenneth Lieberthal points out that all those who seek quick solutions overlook a crucial point: Kenneth Lieberthal, &quot;There must be a clear tendency to seek agreement on principles, not for quick and immediate resolution of economic hardship for urgent solutions are not possible, but about achieving the agreed principles that require trade-offs of all major economic force. &quot;Mr. Lieberthal said that the U.S. central bank&#39;s plan on printing billions of dollars in new government bonds was one of the reasons for the large differences in the attitudes of small and the results of the Summit in Seoul. Specifically, China, Germany and other countries of the G-20 argued that such a move would be a world market flooded with cheap dollars, which would encourage U.S. exports, but also sparked the growth of the value of the currencies of other countries. &quot;Such a move by the Central Bank, really focused on the U.S. Internal necessary financial needs, however, has international repercussions and lead us towards what China does for years.
 This limits the power of our arguments in the debates of the courses of national currencies &quot;- also said Mr. Lieberthal. Leaders of the G-20 did not accept the U.S. position that China should significantly increase the rate Junan. Instead, it adopted a far more lenient conclusion that the state government seeks to sudrže devaluation of national currencies motivated exercise greater exports. Wei Gu Wei Gu analyst believes that a mild pressure on China gave a better result as: &quot;China is much easier to resist pressure from the United States only, and is much harder to get her to ignore the common demand of all other countries of the G-20.&quot; Although the summit G-20 have not been adopted more stringent measures and responsibilities, an economist Colin Bradford believes that the G-20 summits, as well as forums for global issues the world, in itself a success: Colin Bradford, &quot;We monitor and analyze what was discussed and understand the interactive nature of the world economy. ...
 understand how the economic policies of one country affects the economy of other countries. And every time we learn about each other something that previously did not know. &quot;Leaders of the G-20 countries already thinking about the upcoming summit. The host will be France, and its president Nicolas Sarkozy, said: &quot;It important to leave as soon as a consensus about the mechanism of control over current foreign-trade, import-export imbalances. Seoul summit of G-20 was tasked France, as chairman of the next Summit, to define this mechanism. &quot;U.S. President Barack Obama left the Seoul not securing any desired free trade agreement with South Korea. And it is all the more reason to review the modest achievements of the summit leaders posljednjg 20 most developed countries.
 