Author: Biljana GP Panorama 2 Panorama 3 Panorama 1 a day-trip to the capital of Cuba, Havana, Varadero, we came out after two hours driving a taxi at a surprisingly good car journey, the great new rashlađenoj harms Fabio zabavljani driver who was also our and tour guide during the whole time (in fluent English with a charming Spanish accent). We briefly stopped at a lookout built on the top Mantanza province, which is the geographical border between the two provinces, to admire the panoramic view, refresh the best pina colada in Cuba, all accompanied by a musician in a band folk costumes. The driver is extremely professional, always close enough to help us around taking pictures, and yet distant that it does not jeopardize the privacy of enjoying the trip, only that he was agreed to order a bottle of water. Coaches from the early 18 century Niki, oldtimer, modern bus and pupil with a red scarf around his neck U_nastavku ride we asked him whether the frequent police patrols along the road account for a very disciplined traffic.
 He told us that the fines are rigorous, and if by any chance there is a collision that it takes for both sides as a criminal act that ends in prison. It sounds harsh, but perhaps it is necessary, bearing in mind that almost half the traffic is not old, but too old vehicles, mixed with spare parts, so it is sometimes difficult to identify and model cars. Of course, these vehicles attract attention of tourists as opposed to all mnogobrojnijih newest Mercedes, Audi, BMW&#39;s, Toyota, etc., again attracting the attention of the local population. One of the many commercial and real cannon balls Marine Hotel Nacional, Havana (Ciudad de La Habana), we were greeted warmly, and perhaps a little too warm, the fire-+45 ° C. Unusual temperature even in August, let alone June. It is obvious that global warming does not care about the political, administrative and ine restrictions, confinement, isolation, etc. from 17 th century fort built to protect against pirates Various Vehicles tour we start in the old part of town.
 Tourist-oriented city leaders in a crowded parking lot holding a section reserved for a taxi, knowing that many tourists prefer this type of arrival in Havana of the organized tourist bus ture or an independent driving rent-a-car-om. Yes, yes, and it notes - license plates are different colors: blue state vehicles have color tables (including taxi, which is exclusively state), private vehicles yellow, foreigners working in Cuba have the maroon table, rent a car has a brown, military vehicle green, red ... diplomatic. The hinterland of the old city is still in the ruins of the revolution, the main city street and the building of the theater behind the railway station retained the authenticity of the home salon Cio old town, La Habana Vieja, the UNESCO and is mostly a pedestrian zone. Palm trees, bougainvillea, the sea, white stone paved streets, shade of old buildings, numerous Baštica and restaurants, lots of small squares and parks ušuškanih makes you feel like in some of our seaside city.
 Spanish architecture - garden in the middle of the house garden in the middle of the house view of the cathedral from the balcony adjacent home Our guide gives us a brief history of the city dates from the 16th century, when the Spanish King Philip II granted the status of Havana. Urban population of 2.2 million inhabitants (the wider metropolitan area of about 3 million) makes Havana largest city in Cuba, and in the Caribbean region. Mid-18th century, during the Seven Years&#39; War, Havana is passed into the possession of England. There was a flourishing trade with the English North American and Caribbean colonies, and to launch a number of sugar plantations, for which the island brought thousands of slaves from West Africa, and again, and help them, about the same number of labor from China. Seven Years War ended in the Paris peace: the British surrendered to the Spaniards in Cuba in exchange for the then Spanish colony of Florida. During this period Havana had more than 70,000 people and was the third largest city in both the American continent: behind Lima and Mexico, but ahead of Boston and New York.
 Street to the Cathedral Cathedral Cathedral 1 Walking the crowded streets, but still looking for the slightest shade, we arrive at the square, dominated by veleljepnog Catedral de San Cristobal de La Havana. The cathedral, which irresistibly recalls the Parisian Notre Dame, was built in the 18th century as a Jesuit church, and after the expulsion of the Jesuits from the Spanish territory soon formally became the cathedral. The remains of Christopher Columbus were stored in the cathedral as much as 100 years. Although it was once a shining white stone facade, but better darkened, the cathedral does not lose its beauty. Lodging inside the cathedral for a religious officials centennial shade the interior, dominated by huge, gold-adorned shrine, simply invites us to stay at the noon service they already announce the cathedral bells. The interior is filled rapidly as the locals, as tourists, and said to us that the service performs in several languages.
 The former residence of the Spanish governor of a former residence of the Spanish Governors Square Square 2 Square 3 Only one street away is a big square of Plaza Vieja converted into the garden restaurant, which occupies the whole of the adjacent building. With Cuban coffee and listen to the history of three major buildings: the commander of the Spanish government built a palace for himself and his family (now a museum), the mayor of the palace was built across the street (now a restaurant), a widow of the richest periods of the palace was built by myself and the children correctly between the two, which have also formed a square. The spirit of the time we evoke the aristocratic residents dressed in magnificent gowns and suits the time, a small makeshift souvenir market with sellers in plain clothes, mostly originating from Africa, the population of that age, and all ready to go for 1-2 pesos a picture with us. Street artist we have offered very successfully drawn a portrait of my husband, and all the background music the band played traditional music, discreetly approaching and asking if we have any special music requests.
 Hemingway Room - open windows on the top floor of The Old Man and the Sea now in the very city center, the street where the alternate Raznorazni boutiques, shops, restaurants, we arrive at the Hotel Ambos Mundos. It is famous for its guests who stayed there, writing his book &quot;For whom the bell rings.&quot; Guide shows us an open window on the top floor of the hotel - the room where he lived and worked Ernest Hemingway. Longtime Hemingvejov stay in Cuba Hemingvejov Signature Room, with all surviving furniture and Ernest&#39;s private matters, has been converted into a museum. Great Hall of the hotel is again an exhibition of photographs that were not only recorded the writer but also to other Cuban and world political and cultural factors at the time. Hemingway in Cuba is usually paid over 20 years, he wrote that the &quot;Old Man and the Sea&quot; and many other works. Do-room museum with antique ride, lift open the iron with lift-uniform boyem.
 The room is pretty simple, unlike the very picturesque and emotional works of the writer. House of the former rich man turned into a restaurant Marakas - the national instrument on the roof of the hotel&#39;s Garden Restaurant. With the inevitable live music and fresh lemonade this time enjoying a panoramic view of the city. On one side of the bay is the Castillo de los Tres Reyes Magos del Morro or El Morro short, picturesque fortress that is protected from attacks by pirates of the Caribbean (with or without Johnny Depp&#39;s Captain Jack Sparrow now it does not already know). On the other side is dominated by a grandiose fortress San Carlos de la Cabaña, El Cabaña or less, that the Spaniards built 11 years with the intention to be the biggest Spanish fortification in the New World Havana, which would transform the strongest fortified city on both American continents. Upon completion of the fort was considered impregnable. It was equipped with a large number of guns izljevenih in Barcelona.
 Several of these guns as the original gun đulad set in a paved street at the entrance of the old parts of town to mark the pedestrian zone. Marble Jesus Christ right next to the El Cristo de La Habana, a statue of Jesus Christ, who bestows the blessing of the city like the famous statue of Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janeiro. Marble piece was built in 1958, just days before becoming Fidel Castro in Havana during the Cuban revolution. Facades Facades awaiting restoration awaiting restoration 2 Unfortunately, the beauty of panoramic views, as well as ghosts of the past, attacking violently pulled down old buildings, the result of that same revolution. Did they intentionally held in this state or will it come on line - an authentic, down to the smallest detail and the original color palette, the restoration that is all there in the old town. Museum of the Revolution Guide us turns heads beautiful scenery: Museo de la Revolución (former Presidential Palace), Palacio de los Capitanes Generales, many other palaces, churches, museums chocolate ... We decide to visit some of the buildings, how much heat the permit.
 The original façade restored former Hilton and after the revolution Habana Libre Hotel nadivili Since we have these old palaces, we walked avenue Quinta Avenida (named after Fifth Avenue in New York) where they lived until the revolution wealthiest Cubans, and are now housed the embassy. Sat flamenco entrance to the fashion salon Having opposed vodičevoj intention that we recommend for lunch a pro-Western restaurants, and expressed their desire to have lunch in a local restaurant, a typical Cuban food, we were taken to a restaurant whose entrance was through a dance studio Flamenco dances. Girls in long dresses castanet is in the hands of the trained elements of dance while several boys watched all this music on guitars. Working day, early afternoon, but obviously they know that Cubans enjoy. Have served their version of shrimp prawns, grilled fish, the grain dry, finely powdered in a rich sauce with roasted pork, with the obligatory rice and a small black beans in a spicy sauce.
 We got a huge jug of fresh pineapple juice to supplement the free unlike the bottled water you are charged. Our drivers have had to convince him to join us at the table and waited for me to start eating first. This told us that because of the great tips in everything that is related to tourism, many university-educated people leave their poorly paid government positions, and more waiters, chambermaids, drivers ... etc that are lawyers, engineers, professors, and even doctors . How it should be and, after a good meal go good drops and good cigars. We stopped briefly in front of the building where the Bacardi family until the revolution of the most famous rum produced in the world, and then the front of the famous Cuban cigar factory, where the best and most expensive pieces are still hand made. Statue in front of the Capitol entrance to the Capitol the other side of Capitol entrance to the Capitol Museum of Art Inside the Capitol University Then we drove the main street and parked in front of El Capitolio Nacional.
 Colossal structures built in the early twentieth century as the Senate and House of Representatives, is recognizable by its dome, stairs and entrance have been undertaken modeled on the Pantheon in Paris, a strong reference to the U.S. Capitol in Washington. The interior is now the seat of the Cuban Academy of Sciences and the Museo Nacional de Historia Natural. The museum contains the third largest statue in the world is exposed indoors, La Estatua de la República, and the largest natural history collection in the country. Unfortunately, then the most part was undergoing restoration, and we did not stay long in the tour. ... Entrance to the theater entrance to the theater building 2 and the State Ballet Theatre U_susjedstvu El Capitolio, the National Opera with professional Cuban national ballet school, which, with over 4,000 students from around the world, constitutes the largest ballet school in the world. The architecture of the main staircase reminiscent of the old Paris opera. And the facade itself is an art itself.
 Some of the famous names who have performed there are Enrico Caruso, Anna Pavlova, Maya Plisetskaya, Sarah Bernhardt, ... City Cinema - gives the film with Richard Gere Street photographer on the opposite side of the street is a large cinema whose façade ostarjeloj can still glimpse the former Broadway glamor. In the period after World War II, until Castro&#39;s revolution in Havana operated over 135 cinemas, more than Paris or New York this season. The city was then realized higher revenues than Las Vegas. Many stars of film and music were regular participants in the famous Havana night life, among others, Frank Sinatra, Ava Gardner, Marlene Dietrich, Gary Cooper .... Although Chinatown was already late in the afternoon heat did not subside at all. Cold water bottles we bought nearly every hour since the previous already too warm. So we decided that once the remains of the largest and fourth najživopisnije Chinese in Latin America, Barrio Chino, visit the car driving on Calle Dragones (Dragon Street).
 We were surprised that all the buildings pretty well withstood the ravages of time, with still clear embellishments and colors on the facades. The modern part of the modern part 1 of 2 Modernist church monument to Simon Bolivar Monument Square Monument to the Revolution Square Revolution 2 After that we went to a part of Havana, which is called Modern Havana. Centrally located this part of town is a huge square Plaza de la Revolución with a similarly huge statue Monumento a José Martí right next to over 100m high tower in the form of five-pointed star. In a circular order around the square are the seat of the present Cuban government, many ministries, the Supreme Military Command, the National library, business and residential towers on whose portraits dominate the facades of Castro and Che Guevara. Everything is kinda large, broad, large and modern, but without the charm, which dominates the old town. In the end, the purple glow of the setting sun and the calm Atlantic Ocean, our guide drove us to El Malecón Avenue, parallel to several kilometers long sand beach, to the exit on the highway that we had returned to Varadero.
 