Facebook on Monday launched its own e-mail service and declared war on Google. Chief Mark Zuckerberg has denied that the Titan project within the company called &#39;killer Gmail&#39;, and that does not expect the new service is to destroy competition in the day. Yet he is convinced that there is a better project than the existing ones. - We think that e-mail will not be a modern service for the message - he said Zuckerberg, and explained how their new service based on more than chat, e-mail. The biggest problem is the e-mail that is not in real time and send and receive messages must be immediate, &quot;he said. - I&#39;m not saying that the mail should be sent at lightning speed, but speed of instantaneous messaging and SMS on the phone is dramatically different from the mails. We can do better - said Zuckerberg. Facebookov e-mail contain će@facebook.com domain, and there will be more competition from Gmail, says Zuckerberg. Will offer three new options that have no other e-mails: sending messages to multiple platforms, including SMS, call history on these platforms and the &quot;social inbox&quot; through which users will be able to filter messages.
 Users will then be able to chat, send e-mails, Facebook messages, SMS, or IM (instant messages) in real time. - Your friends will receive your message through any medium or device that suits them, and you can chat in real time - said Zuckerberg. Initially the application will be accessible only by those who receive an invitation, but soon it will all Facebook users will be offered a free address, reports FoxNews. Tags: social inbox, facebook, e-mail: Last comments: 7 Comments View all comments prior to 3 weeks AnaFisher: So the hackers will have a job ... I honestly have a FB profile .. but no names or real data, not pictures .. When I put people and information .. similar to the one still missing identification number and card number .. pictures, children, friends relatives .. Come on people this is the internet .. where is the privacy ... Before 3 weeks, 1 day NajluđiVrapčan: What&#39;s this Facebook nonsense not to mention the danger that many will already figure it out too late ...
 Before 3 weeks, 2 days TomislavDâeta: it is known that hackers love facebook .. percent would let secondhand secured will be hakiranih was more than enough .. Stay on Gmail not you agree? Comment! To comment on the need to apply. You do not have an account? Registration is fast and easy, register and join the discussion.
 