Ireland has published a variety of bowed and unpopular austerity measures that should pripomoæi back ground on the right path. In addition to cutting costs and increasing taxes, one of nepopularnijih measures is to reduce the minimum salaries, the new property taxes and big layoffs in the public sector. Four-year plan designed to save the country 15 billion euros, or $ 20 billion. In addition, the Government is still negotiating a package of lifesaving European Union and the International Monetary Fund that should be worth around 85 billion euros. Recovery Plan envisions the reduction of 24,750 jobs in the public sector, social welfare savings of 2.8 billion euros and 1.9 billion greater revenues from income tax. The government will reduce the minimum wages for one euro, to 7.65 euros per hour. To Increase VAT to 21 percent to 22 percent in 2013. year, with the will in 2014. be even greater, or 24 percent. However, Ireland will continue to maintain a low corporate tax, and to 12.5, although many suggested that the fastest revenue collected poveæa whether this particular tax.
 Finance Minister Brian Lenihan said the government would soon introduce a tax on property, most of which will cost homeowners up to 200 euros by 2014. year. In addition, he said, savings and cuts will be focused on the areas&#39;s largest expense - salaries, pensions and social benefits. Total to austerity measures needed to save 10 billion euros, and increase taxes in the future should bring income and savings of five billion euros. Prime Minister Brian Cowen said he hoped the plan would bring security to people and hope for a better future. - We&#39;ll be conspicuous and out of this crisis as we have already done in the past. We love this country and we want our children to have a future - he said. Despite the measures for the salvation of Ireland, S &amp; P lowered the rating of the Irish for one category, with the AA to AA-. Of course, the reason is concern about the costs of rescuing the financial sector.
 