Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Promoting the idea in the center of Munich, Munich, together with Garmisch-Partenkirchen and the Center for winter sports on the lake Königssee, struggling to get the organization&#39;s Winter Olympics 2018th year. Promoters Munich are confident that their concept of organizing the Olympics offers enough new and interesting solutions that may affect the final decision on the choice of the host city in July next year in South Africa. Katarina Witt, the famous German figure skater and two-time Olympic champion, President of the Board of Munich 2018th In her interview with Deutsche Welle explains why in its view best candidate Munich: &quot;Munich has much to offer. First of all, he has an important tradition in winter sports, both in Munich and Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Bavaria, as well as the whole. If we look at some sports events are organized there in the past, they have always maintained an excellent atmosphere, sports fields were always full of crowd, with lots of passion that accompanies sporting events, and who knows the great sport.
 As a large city of Munich offers a lot out of winter sports museum and other art spaces and events, restaurants, and above all an atmosphere of friendship in order for competitors and for visitors. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The Munich are Stars: TV moderator Thomas Gottschalk and Olympic ski champion Maria Riesch Games athletes face two of the park concept, which has passed the toughest sport, transport and environmental tests, will be the basis of this offer. Ice Park as part of Munich&#39;s Olympic Park is scheduled for maintenance in all competitions on the ice, while snow park in Garmisch-Partenkirchen to host all events in Alpine and Nordic disciplines. Katarina Witt for Deutsche Welle said that the whole concept in this sense, looking at the athletes: &quot;First of all, the organization of the Summer Olympics 1972nd in Munich, the possibility that this time held in Munich and the Olympic Winter Games is something unique.
 After the summer Olympics, all these properties are still intensively used so no need to build many new facilities. In this sense, the athletes will be important to have a very short way from the Olympic village to the ground on which to compete. What, then, we believe that there is something specifically for the Olympic Games and the Olympic Family. &quot;Environmental protection in the spotlight Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The Olympic ski jump in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, September 2010. In addition to the concept of sustainable sports arena, Munich tries to organize the first game without the emission of carbon dioxide in Olympic history. The essence of the concept of 18 environmental projects, which are made in cooperation with the Öko-Institut and the German university sports academy in Cologne. The construction of new sites is reduced to a minimum, the Olympic village will be built without additional excretion of harmful emissions and will use renewable energy sources, the effect of transport was reduced by using existing regional infrastructure for mass transportation and electric vehicles, while Garmisch-Partenkirchen profit center for sustainability.
 These are just some of the 18 projects that will, they hope a potential host, contribute to sustainable development in all areas long after the Winter Olympics 2018th Ivica Petrovic, Belgrade Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 