Asked whether the Greek crisis affect the EIB&#39;s activities in Croatia, vice president of the European Investment Bank said: &quot;The EIB is located on the ground in the country to the other, and not to be withdrawn. Last year we increased our activities in order to help Anticrisis activity. Particularly in Southeast Europe have supported the banking sector, and we borrowed the money and the real sector. Overall we have made available 10 billion primarily for small and medium-sized enterprises &quot;. EIB: Increase activities in Croatia Kollatz-Ahnen said that the EIB has offered money countries that are members of the EU co-financing structural funds to make investments that are underway and projects that are financed from the Structural Funds could be completed. This is an additional contribution in the fight against the crisis, said Kolatz-Ahnen. &quot;We want to increase our volume in Croatia and want to stay in Greece, where last year we provided loans amounting to 1.6 billion euros, while the Greek request we are ready this year that amount has increased,&quot; says vice president of the EIB.
 Last year, Croatia won twice as many loans from the EIB than in 2008. when it received 170 million euros. In 2007. was placed to 330 million euros. Since 2001. until 2009. the total amount of EIB loans and Croatia reached the amount of 1.9 billion euros. Of this amount spent on transport infrastructure is about 64 percent. The revival of rail transport system - a long term project, &quot;We will continue to work with small and medium-sized enterprises in Croatia, and soon will sign, and the next loans. As for projects in infrastructure, we will concentrate on smaller projects, related primarily municipalities. The European emphasis on revival and renewal of railway systems, but it is a long term project. &quot; Kollatz-Ahnen said that because the project is delayed the valleys of the Zagreb-Rijeka-Hungarian border. The delay does not mean abandoning the EIB will finance the following year the railway projects in Croatia and continue to extend credit of local governments to improve infrastructure in the area of environmental protection, health and education, &quot;said EIB Vice-President.
 First, Croatia into the EU, and in the eurozone sooner or later When asked whether analysts share the opinion of some European countries to Croatia as a result of the Greek crisis could join the euro area a year or two later than planned, to Croatia mentioned 2016.godina, Kollatz -Ahnen said: &quot;In Croatia, the next step to the European Union, because we first have to be successful about it, then we can talk about the Next Steps. The first step is membership in the EU, and having resolved all the issues about access, we can move on to technical questions about joining the eurozone. The EIB has always supported Croatia in fulfilling its obligations towards the Union, &quot;says Kollatz Ahnen, which in April is coming to visit Croatia. As for Croatian accession to the eurozone and the impact of financial crisis: &quot;If the crisis leads to the fact that the eurozone can get faster, or maybe a little later, it is a debate that is ongoing in which the EIB is not involved, but as far as Croatian, now need to concentrate on the next step, which is entering the EU, &quot;says vice president of the EIB Matthias Kollatz Ahnen.
 Author: Alen Chemistry of Brussels Odg.ured: Zeljko Telišman
 