Killing 230,000 people in January, an earthquake in Haiti was the sixth most tragic in human history, one that was on Tuesday rocked Kalgoorlie was strongest in Western Australia in 50 years, a seismic shock in Chile in February was so powerful that the Earth&#39;s axis shifted eight inches. Since the 20th March began Eyjafjallajökulla Icelandic volcano eruptions, which have paralyzed the volcanic cloud of European air traffic, the world has not wondered if the last four months, the Earth&#39;s crust became unusually lively? Head of Seismological Service RH mr. Vlado Kuk said the tests because the Earth in recent months is nothing seismically active than in recent years. But he also mentioned something else. - It&#39;s not about a few months, but the last 20-odd years since the country entered a phase of increased seismic and volcanic activity and. More active and less active periods alternate at intervals of 10, 20 or 30 years.
 As this is not a regular period changes, on the grounds that though they can not do forecasts - explains Cook. As a seismically active areas, he distinguishes cirkumpacifički belt, so. Ring of Fire around the Pacific Ocean along whose edges everywhere for thousands of years of recorded devastating earthquakes and volcanoes. The next active area is also marked by a history of frequent earthquakes and volcanoes, and it is a Mediterranean-transazijski belt which belongs to Croatia. In such a picture fit the earthquake in Italy L&#39;Aquila, in which the sixth April 2009. from the shock of 5.8 on the Richter killed 308 people, and this year&#39;s magnitude 6.1 degrees on the east of Turkey in Elazig in March, when it killed 51 people. Hazardous megalopolises Since 1990. It was the seventh earthquake in Turkey has claimed many victims, and the worst was the one on 17 August 1999. in Izmit on the north of the country in 37 seconds, the destruction of 7.6 on the Richter killed more than 17,000 people.
 Back in June 2008. Australian scientist Dr. Tom Chalk from the University of Melbourne came out with a study by which energy is released annually by the seismic activity of Earth&#39;s now five times greater than it was two decades ago. He then put forward the thesis that are to a large extent responsible climate change caused by melting glaciers, which in some places markedly reduces the pressure on the Earth&#39;s crust that is because it raises. However, in such a possibility does not believe Vlado Kuk. Responding to readers in March, Washington Post, Dr. Michael Blanpied of the U.S. program of earthquake risk assessment for such an option is said that only in the research stage and not yet confirmed. On that occasion, and explained where the impression that in recent months, particularly frequent earthquakes. The first reason is that the media coverage, and so on disaster isrcrpnije and faster than ever before.
 The second is that our planet is now crisscrossed with 8000 stations Seismological measurements, 1931. There were, for example, only 350, and their number is constantly increasing so rapidly today with no problems reported tens of thousands of weak tremors. Finally, more people live in areas that are most vulnerable to earthquakes, and the growing possibility of a large number of victims. This is also corroborated by the data of the UN in January, according to which seven of the world&#39;s 15 largest cities located in areas with the highest seismic risk. Only Tokyo, Mexico City, New York, Bombay, Delhi, Shanghai and Jakarta, together with around 155 million inhabitants, and in a very earthquake prone area emerged as the urban giants such as Istanbul, Karachi, Beijing and Tehran, which the UN is not mentioned. It is therefore not surprising that the earthquake and the accompanying hardships such as the tsunami in the past 10 years accounts for 60% of all victims of natural disasters that killed 780 000 people who were affected by two billion people.
 The full text read in Saturday&#39;s paper Večernjakov Obzor
 