GI Gurdjieff Fourth Way (Gurdjieff) and his fourth time man lives his life in a dream, and dream and die. According to the teaching of &quot;4-th time,&quot; man can not have some real attitude of its own, without a teacher. There is considered to be a man (as the &quot;outer man&quot;) can not as such have their own individuality, so no (correct) views. This is one machine. In fact there are many truths but that also creates a space for manipulation by a man called. &quot;Teacher&quot;, whose task is to bring this to that stage where they will acquire the individuality and take the steering wheel in your hands. Creates a dependency on teachers who, in most cases also has its own individuality (but may well that faking it has). I Gurdjieff its way called &quot;Work&quot;, and later he and Ouspensky this way in the &quot;fourth time&quot;. Three previous times they were put fakir, the way of the monk and yogi path. This is the fourth time that Gurdjieff said that transcends time because all three of the changes happening in the man while he lives his everyday life is not separating from the civilized way of life.
 In Russia in St. Petersburg Demianovich Pyotr Ouspensky, Russian philosopher and thinker, was also attempting to answer the question of the meaning of life. He also traveled to many countries such as Ceylon, India, Egypt, but all he saw and found on these trips, although it is not fertile failed to fully satisfy. And then he met Gurdjieff. That meeting left an impression on him, scare-all that is sought for years was found in this man. He said to her friend that he found the miracle that is sought for years. Today there are several of these groups are based on a 4-om the road. Some who attended the &#39;seminar&#39; group that works in Australia, they noticed that the so-called. &quot;Teachers&quot; often glože among yourselves? So something is in practice not be happened in the so-called. &quot;Internal people.&quot; One of the interesting things that Gurdjieff self-proclaimed heirs to insert (in his name) is - meditation.
 Those who passed through his actions might have noticed a very rare mention of the term which would logically indicate that meditation on not taking it too seriously in terms of a necessary tool when developing the esoteric works of man. That it is not by chance, we can see and what Moravjev also no mention of meditation in his Gnostics (Tradition, Doctrine, http://www.galaksija.com/gnostika.htm), which is an &#39;extended version&#39; 4-year time . Of course, this does not mean that certain techniques of meditation were not in use, however, these types of &quot;meditation&quot; were used (at least how it seems to me) for introspection, therefore, to view indoors and not &quot;out&quot;. In some cases, to gain control over some parts of the body, muscles and organs. Tell the story of George Ivanovich Gurdjieff was not easy given the diversity of his life, but it is very important especially in today&#39;s time.
 He was a Greek-Armenian descent, mystic and spiritual teacher. Born 13 January 1866 in a time of great historical upheaval and revolution of time, asked the meaning of human life on earth. His search led him through various countries in which he tried to find the answer. Gurdjieff claimed that people are machines that do not know themselves, but to dream awake, and that the key to our growth waking up from this dream. Way to wake up from this dream is very well described by Ouspensky in his book \ &quot;for the fourth time \&quot; where he says that the most important thing to remember ourselves, then we are always conscious of ourselves when we do anything, and that this is achieved by introspection. It is very difficult at first, but over time these moments when you really remember myself becoming longer and longer until finally, do not tap into a different state of mind. This system is still a mass of other interesting methods to enhance the wake. There are certainly include Gurdjieffljevi plesovi.Ovi movements are based on what he saw in one of his trips, where he met a group of people who are taught the movements which are brought into a harmony of forces that exist in man source: http://mentalalterego. webnode.com / self-help / gi-Gurdjieff-and-his-fourth-time / http://galaksija.blogspot.com/2008/08/etrvti-put-uitelji-meditacija-i.html Views: 241 Comments ( 0) Write comment I This content has been locked.
 Trenuntno not be dadavati comments. You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 