Fernando Alonso may have ended the season in second place after a tactical debacle in Abu Dhabi, but it can serve as a consolation for the recent &quot;victory&quot; in the selection of the best drivers in the opinion of the F1 team bosses. Ferrari launched the first violin in the first place ahead of novopečenog champion Sebastian Vettel, who was Alonso &quot;backward&quot; nine points. With the general consensus that this is probably the most complete of the two drivers (we added them yet, and third-placed Lewis Hamilton) and we would support the same schedule in the rankings, at least as far as the very top. Voices we still deployed in different positions under the third place, and between Robert Kubica and Mark Webber would not have found as many as 20 points difference, and on the position of Jenson Button could also be discussed. However, the choice is not dealt with me than people whose profession leading F1 team. As expected, winning first place in the choice of F1 bosses led Alonso to repeat the previously imposed by a comment which was very successful last season despite a rather bitter defeat at the end.
 &quot;I need not emphasize the pride and satisfaction that I feel like a winner of first place in the selection of leaders of the Formula 1 team, but I would prefer to receive such recognition in the form of the title of world champion. This is another proof that in 2010. Was an exceptional season - we are back in their glory and we became a team worthy of its name. Next season we will continue on these results to the end of the year, both the cup saved in our cabinets, &quot;said Alonso in a comment to win,&quot; šefovskog &quot;titles. 1 Fernando Alonso Ferrari 229 2 Sebastian Vettel Red Bull 220 3 Lewis Hamilton McLaren 196 4 Mark Webber Red Bull 146 5 Robert Kubica Renault 129 6 Jenson Button McLaren 86 7 Nico Rosberg Mercedes 68 8 = Nico Hulkenberg Williams 17 8 = Felipe Massa Ferrari 17 10 Rubens Barrichello Williams 11 Posted by 92denis at 16:15, 0 komentar (a), print, #
 