Fox News reported that the building was evacuated, but some people are trapped on the second floor. For now, no reports of casualties. Small plane that crashed Thursday in sedmokatnu tax administration office building in Austin, in U.S. state of Texas, causing a huge fire, the pilot was deliberately directed into the building after it had previously set fire to his own house, local authorities were. Reported that two injured people transported to hospital, and that one missing. The fire engulfed an area of the second to fourth floors of the building of the federal tax authority (IRS), which firefighters are trying to localize, while the building of dense black smoke rising. From the building were evacuated all employees. Photo javno165 The report of the local TV station KXAN insists that there is a danger of demolition of the building. Pilot planes Piper Cherokee PA-28, identified as Joseph Andrew Stack, reported CNN.
 Stack is reportedly set fire to his house in the morning, and then at 9:40 pm my plane took off from local airports Georgetown, north of Austin. Leteæi very low plane crashed into the second floor of the building and the IRS. Harry Evans, the Austin Fire Service said firefighters were on the second floor of the building found the &quot;great destruction caused by the great fire ... the heat, smoke and fire.&quot; Witnesses stated that the impact shook the building like an earthquake, and that they broke many glasses. After the incident of Austin sent two F-16 fighter jet was initially reported to the IRS in the same complex of offices with the CIA and FBI, but FBI later announced that his office is not in this building. A spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security Matt Chandler announced that &quot;for now there is no reason to believe that the incident was linked to terrorist aktivnošæu. A spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security Matt Chandler announced that &quot;for now there is no reason to believe that the incident was linked to terrorist aktivnošæu.
 Chief of Police in Austin, said that it is &quot;isolated incident&quot; and that citizens have no reason to panic. The Pentagon has announced that after the incident of Austin sent two fighter F-16. Small single-engine plane crashed Thursday morning in sedmokatnu office building in Austin, in U.S. state of Texas, triggering a fire, according to the TV network Fox News report prenoseæi local television station KTBC. Probably it is a tax office building Photo javno165 Thick, black smoke rising from the building, and not all the scattered broken glass, reported KTBC. Fox News reported that the building was evacuated, but some people are trapped on the second floor. CNN reported that it was probably a building of tax administration, to which the FBI is headquartered in Austin. CNN also notes that in the vicinity of the building has no airfield, and that local control of the flight has not received any invitation to an aircraft has technical problems.
 A spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security said it has no indication that the incident could be linked to crime or terrorism.
 