The U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is on its way to New York to visit her husband, and informed about all the White House. Former U.S. president, 63-year-old Bill Clinton on Thursday at Presbyterian Hospital Sveuèilište Columbia podvrrgnut emergency surgery because of pain in the chest, according to media reports in the U.S.. - Clinton (63) was admitted to hospital Presbiterijansku in New York after he felt the pressure in the chest - said in a press release signed by Douglas Band, former adviser to the president, reports CNN. Brand noted that Clinton after a visit to his cardiologist, underwent the procedure installed two stents in one of the coronary arteries. It is good-humored, and is expected to soon continue with his work for his foundation and humanitarian efforts in Haiti and long-term reconstruction, said Band. Bill Clinton Photo javno165 The U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is on its way to New York to visit her husband, and informed about all the White House, reports MSNBC.
 This Clinton is not the first operation, 2004. installation is subjected to four cardiac bypass surgery to get rid of four blocked arteries. Doctor:&#39;&#39;There are no traces of a heart attack or of damage to the heart of&#39;&#39;Clinton in recent weeks was constantly deployed around the UN mission in Haiti and to provide assistance to affected residents of a devastating earthquake in January. Special envoy of the UN Secretary-General for Haiti. Clinton&#39;s doctor, Dr. Allan Schwartz informed the public that the Clintons have shown that there is&#39;&#39;no trace of a heart attack or of damage to the heart&#39;&#39;and forecasts are bona fide after Clinton on Thursday built-in two stents. The images showed that the blocked cardiac bypass built-2004th, said Dr. Schwartz at a news conference Thursday night. Electrocardiogram (ECG) and blood tests showed no traces of a heart attack, &quot;said Schwartz. Chelsea and Hillary Clinton spent Thursday in the hospital - he was in good spirits, and hope you will go home on Friday - said Schwartz.
 He noted that Clinton already is on Monday, could return to work, passed on CNN. Stent is a natural treatment for a bypass, a former president disiplinirani patient who kept eating and exercise plan, after the installation of four bridges, said Schwart. Clinton&#39;s daughter, Chelsea Clinton and her husband, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, were with him in the hospital Thursday night, &quot;said Schwartz. Hillary Clinton was supposed to leave Friday to visit the Middle East, but her departure was postponed until Saturday, said a senior U.S. official said.
 