How can a rationalist-atheist, who aspires to be tolerant and develop an understanding towards the faithful can come to terms with the fact that in his life are dear, adult and otherwise quite sensible people who, say, treating the Bible as almost a historical textbook, or believe that someone - someone on whose alleged existence testifies only that one, the only book (which btw are concerned fans write, what, credibility ful gas) - was able to rise from the dead? Richard Dawkins is a collection of essays &quot;devils chaplain&quot; in response offered the analogy of the virus, with the inherited religious beliefs as well as malicious software that attacks vulnerable hardware child&#39;s mind and from there continues to replicate. This is a very elegant solution for the cognitive dissonance which means seize the average atheist rationalists-while attempting to understand the faithful, especially those educated and intelligent. In fact, all of us is hard to get rid of ideas that are deeply rooted in us from childhood, no matter how reasonable or not, so that an atheist to the believer can tell you he&#39;s just - it does not help, and what now, it&#39;s not fair to blame him for something that is largely beyond his control.
 But while this position might be nice to develop tolerance atheist, it is questionable how well the development of dialogue because it is virtually a believer says this: &quot;Hear old, I respect your right to believe whatever you want to believe, but just so you know, You would not believe in that nonsense that I was not brainwashed lol! &quot;Dawkins&#39; intention that the&quot; illusion of God &quot;to encourage the faithful to&quot; abandon the religion of their parents &quot;is already compromised in the preface, where reaching for a dictionary definition of illusion:&quot; Consistent false belief of who is not giving up, despite strong evidence to the contrary, especially as a symptom of psychiatric disorders. &quot;brilliant way to open a&quot; dialogue &quot;! So I think if someone say that he is mentally disturbed (even if he / it is!) - Which will be verojatnija reaction to such a remark? &quot;Oops, so it is no good, will thank you for allowing me to take seriously this issue, I&#39;m going to treat, ajd bok&quot;? Or maybe before, &quot;No matter whom you call disturbed, you mother fucker!?&quot; How to book progresses, it becomes clear that at issue was not a šeprtljavi first step in an attempt to start ringing alarm vjerničkim heads - because Dawkins is hardly expressed in the minimum will to go to meet the believers, let alone that it even tried to honestly understand what the value of religion in their lives.
 Notice just how nervous and arrogantly refers to one of, I would say the key thing in the whole debate: &quot;Boring is already a cliché (and unlike many other clichés, is not even true) that science deals with questions that begin with &#39;how&#39; and only theology to respond to questions that begin with &#39;why&#39;. Not all the sentences in a language that begins the word &#39;why&#39; question is justified. Why are unicorns hollow horns? Some questions simply do not deserve an answer. &quot;Well, my dear Richard, here, I tell you: if you may at any time while writing these lines, perhaps, occurred to me that the meaning of life for most people though ... how would you said ... the more relevant question, what fucking, meaning cavity jednorogovog horn? Would we really be willing to say that the question of the meaning of life - a question that does not deserve an answer? I believe that would not go so far. I believe that would agree that there is only one answer to this question, so would you take seriously the fact that still, after all these millennia, there has been accurate and the general consensus about which of the possible answers &quot;true&quot;.
 Is it not obvious that this is so because, inter alia, for the type of questions to which science as such is not able to respond? But Dawkins does not accept the possibility that science may not necessarily always right and everything will be the ultimate arbiter. But his biggest mistake in the attack on religion is that the emergence of creationism - carelessly accepted as a carte blanche for pretresenje the religion strictly scientific criteria, and not otherwise. &quot;The illusion of God&quot; book is not without its charms, and her most memorable pieces are those in which Dawkins is closing in on creationism, violently and humorously. There he at least no shortage of material for inspiration, because creationism is a very pathetic attempt at some Christian circles to play a scientist - for as competent as the fisherman who came to the runway in Grobniku with outboard motor under his arm and says: &quot;Good day, I would participate in the race engines! &quot;On the other hand, some Christian circles are literally just that, certain circles, and Dawkins through the entire book, acts as if all Christian thinkers in the world resort to science to justify their faith - and therefore a scientific argument, if the only argument needed for the calculation of the religion.
 So says in the preface: &quot;&#39;The hypothesis of God&#39; is a scientific hypothesis about the universe, a hypothesis that must be raščlanjivati skeptically as any other.&quot; But Wait, Wait a minute ... Well, all except for the creationists who claim that this is &quot;scientific&quot; hypothesis? I did a &quot;hypothesis&quot; at all appropriate term for the complex beliefs that, in general, reside outside the sphere of rational? Like any modern pop-publicist who keeps to himself, Dawkins is not afraid to pummel the reader with the same argument - kontajući, perhaps, to poor maloumno reader may still not set their first 528 times what the poet wanted to say - so that through a hundred pages &quot;Illusions of God&quot; again and again returns to the claim that the first cause of everything must be simple. Because everything in nature, ranging from simple to more complex and therefore God can not be the first cause, because God would then have to be very complex and statistically improbable to be able to start the process of origin of the universe.
 And with that generally agree, but still ... The fact that anything exists, the ultimate miracle. No matter how simple was the first particle (or to have called it) from which came all all all ever ... that she did not understand there was an incredible and inexplicable event, ergo miracle. And correct me if I&#39;m wrong, but: if science ever finds on which the plot was exactly the kind words, still not able to determine from where the elementary particles, and perhaps more importantly - why it occurred. Dawkins and myself, and I believe many of you, nature and the universe are quite enough, indeed endlessly fascinating even while we take for granted that the answer to &quot;why&quot; quite easily be read as &quot;why?&quot; (Or, if you will, &quot;for Babino flour! &quot;). And moreover we are able to live very comfortable lives without falling into existential despair and depression because of this knowledge! But not all the same people.
 Some people in life just need some tangible answer to &quot;why&quot;. You know that last year&#39;s news on London buses with the inscription &quot;God probably does not exist. Now stop worrying and enjoy your life &quot;? Dawkins has been blessed by this action, and she came from the British Humanist Association and was supported by many atheists - which, unfortunately, shows he is not the only one who, in an attempt to understanding the faithful, fulao whole of football. The Christian concept of sin and fear of the same - it is definitely worse off society throughout history and deeply rooted some pretty fucked up standards in our everyday lives, but it is completely wrong from the cumulative effect of thousands of years to draw the conclusion that a fear of sin, a dominant force in the everyday life of individual believers. For them, fear not prosecuted - led them hope. To them God is the source of &quot;concern&quot; rather than the solution to worry! With the exception of a loud minority, consisting of creationists and similar extremists and Redikuli, I would say that for most believers mystery of Genesis is not a competition about who will draw a big dick argumentation and down the other side, they answer the &quot;why&quot; is an indispensable pillar in my life.
 And why it would not have had, if they so much need? This after all, except the aforementioned vocal minority, we atheists-rationalist believers generally do not seek to defend their answers to &quot;Where&quot;, and if we in fact do not bother - why would they be defended in its own way, with your methods of thinking, experience and interpret the miracle of Genesis? Brother, what, live and let live. Now someone will cry out: &quot;But they do not let me live, a church with his crap non-stop impinge on my freedom!&quot; And I&#39;d like to remind the church and the believers ... fuck it, are not the same! Is sometimes represented by the same socially harmful attitudes, but sometimes - not. I know a lot of believers here, and if we leave aside the encounters from the era of primary school, with them because of his atheism, yet most never had a problem. (Variations on an eternal theme Ustasha and Partisans here say much žustrije encourage discussion on a daily basis, and even there it is clear that the &quot;Ustasha&quot; and &quot;partisans&quot; need each other - with whom it would otherwise be argued until the wee hours at the bar or Briscola?) Also, one should bear in mind that different believers, within the same religion, can have different beliefs and attitudes.
 Some say they think the Earth is several thousand years old, while some accept the theory of evolution, and even the Big Bang theory. Some swear by every syllable of the Bible, while some accept it as a nice collection of stories that should not always understood literally. Some believe in heaven and hell, in some undefined afterlife. Some think that God sees all and hears some of the deist, pantheist, although many are not even declared as such. Some go to church regularly, and some of them pukes at the thought. Holy shit, I know, even one who has absolutely nothing against gay (and straight is)! Of course, I am aware that this is a good deal of exceptional in this regard. And yes, if they lived in a remotely civilized society, the church would be faced with a clear choice: either it must renounce homophobia, or will it be prohibited activity. That moment, unfortunately, is still far off, but if you would locate the main cause of homophobia in the Christian Science - is worth while to remember how much, a lot of incredibly practical Bible believers treated as a mini-market from which it takes only what they see fit.
 What will it say fatal suppression of religious prejudice principle is feasible without a denial of faith! Feasible in many ways ... but the hanging of the same reactionary caricatures of all believers is definitely not one of them. Dawkins even every so often finds himself on the verge of accepting the facts of the believers of biodiversity, and muttered something about, for example, religious people who are both serious scientists and as such, &quot;the subject of happy bewilderment of their counterparts in academic circles&quot; - but then again returned back to the old sayings, and implying that every believer in squats potential palitelj clinic for an abortion or bloodthirsty jihadists. What can you do, it is easier to write a book when all the believers patience and in the same basket of medieval narrow-mindedness! Therefore, it is not only sad, but also harmful as the global spokesman for atheists become a stubborn, abnormally passionate rationalist who is not only capable, but do not want to figure out those attacks.
 To that extent, all his arguments to let the end come down to the usual trolanje believer, and I think we can, and we need better. (Originally published in the Plan B, December 2009.)
 