After they discovered the damage on the tank that holds 500,000 cubic meters of toxic red mud (sodium salts with alkali metals), 715 residents were evacuated Kolontara Hungarian village. For the same mailbox on Monday exceeded 1.1 million cubic meters of red mud. In Kolontaru and Prime Minister Viktor Orban. Reuters said it is very likely that the whole of one side of the tank rebate. That would mean pouring new 500 000 cubic meters of toxic sludge. Teams on the ground grade five feet high dam in Kolontaru to stop silt from the tank if it has expired. Orban said that to ensure a sufficient amount of neutralizing material necessary to prevent further pollution of the rivers that flow into the Danube. Residents Kolontara are located in the sports hall and two schools in Aikido, which is from the village eight kilometers away. Toxic red mud on Monday flooded the seven sites in the vicinity of the factory aluminum Mal in Aiki.
 Seven people were killed, one person was missing, and about 150 were injured. Since Kolontar nearest factory, it was the worst chemical disaster struck. Risk of dried sludge sludge was affected to 1016 hectares. The rescue and clearing of endangered field included 927 people and 130 vehicles. The primary task of all services is to bring the pH value of water in the polluted rivers and Marcal Use the permissible level by adding gypsum River. Until now, used 4000 tons of gypsum, and plans to add 8000 tons. Yesterday in 14 hours pH value of these rivers was 8.78. Due to the possible creation of red dust after drying mud, began to control air pollution, and everyone in the affected area divided protective masks. In Hungary on Monday and experts coming from the EU. Danube at Batina clean, the arrival of the toxic sludge in Croatia is still expected Finished first analysis of water samples from the Danube at Batina taken two days ago.
 No water pollution and heavy metals, have confirmed laboratory findings of the Institute of Public Health of Osijek-Baranja county. Water is still sampled twice a day, all services are on alert for tomorrow&#39;s expected arrival of hazardous sludge from Hungary. In the case of a new incident is still possible that for 4-5 days toxic sludge occurs Croatian, said the director of the Croatian Waters Osijek Zoran Đuroković.
 