Albuquerque, New Mexico. In high school, East High flow the last minute before the start of the summer holidays. The most popular student in school and a star basketball team Wildcats Troy Bolton (Efron Z.) enjoys the company of his girlfriend, brilliant mathematician Gabriella Montez (Hudgens V), planning to spend the summer working. Therefore delighted when the manager gets a call a luxury summer house club Lava Springs, Mr. Fulton (ML Taylor), who offers him a job at a summer program for students. But Troy does not know that this is part of the plan&#39;s colleague Sharpay (A. Tisdale), whose family owns the club, to separate him and Gabriella. Sharpay is unpleasant surprises when you realize that her mother (J. Tuck), except for hired Troy and Gabriella and all their friends at the club which will lead to a series of complications, especially during the traditional talent show where Troy decides to compete in a pair with Sharpay singing .. .
 The film &quot;High School Musical 2&quot; is more than doubled the original premiere audience and promote their young and talented cast in a national star. The story picks up where it left off the first part. Separated in high school at East High Albuquerqueju, basketball player Troy and Gabriella mathematician finally in a happy relationship, but not for long, because it interfered school spletkarošica Sharpay. Simple backbone of the story has served for a number of masterfully executed dance and choral items that are its freshness and conviction, but thrilled at the precursor. For them, the credit goes to the film&#39;s director, a multiple Emmy winner Kenny Ortega (Hocus Pocus, a series of Gilmore Girls) who directed the first part. Best known for his choreographic work (he worked among others is Madonna and Cher), and engagements for the small screen, Ortega has established an optimal balance between the universally comprehensible plot, sparkling production design and excellent work with the cast.
 She led year old Z. Efron (Hairspray, Miracle Run), while his partner V. Hudgens (Thirteen, Thunderbirds). Two young people are exactly the filming began their romantic relationship which is obviously aided and &quot;chemistry&quot; between their characters in the film. Main negativku interprets A. Tisdale (The Suite Life of Zack and Cody), while in other roles C. Bleu (Family Tree, Jump In!) And ML Taylor (series Melrose Place and Boston Legal). The screenplay was written by another Emmy winner Peter Barsocchini. The film won the Teen Choice Award and nominations for annual awards of the American Association and director of the American Association Sound Editors. Given the extraordinary success is no surprise that High School Musical becomes a series which will be the third part of this fall instead of the television show premiered in U.S. theaters, as a &quot;Senior Year&quot;.
 