Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir PutinRijetko over the past ten years, showed signs of Croatian politicians to understand that a reliable supply of energy a key foundation of any plans for the future prosperity of the Croatian and its citizens. Insofar the signing of the accession pipeline project South Stream undoubted success of the Croatian Prime Minister Kosor, much to the economy, and so at the political level. Specifically, this contract may be considered a reliable sign that Croatia in the future could change its policy toward Russia, a powerful force by which the past is often related to lack of seriousness and an adequate appreciation of the fact that it is a country that will be in the region still have a strong impact. Croatia have good relations with Russia are therefore of Croatia in the future good relations with Russia indisputably necessary, as it needs, and Russian energy.
 The government is in talks about South Stream showed how aware of these facts, but did not allow that cooperation with Russia conditional waiver of certain other important energy projects, such as the construction of a terminal for liquefied natural gas (LNG) on the island. However, although this may be considered a significant success, there is no doubt that it would be a catastrophic mistake to think that the agreement ensured peaceful energy future Croatian. In fact, despite the increasing number of countries that have agreed to participate with Russia in building the South Stream, the realization of this project today is in many ways more uncertain than in the past few years. At these dangers have already begun to warn some of the domestic energy experts, and their claims are very specific reasons. Europe, Russia, and the world experienced a significant geopolitical and economic changes since June 2007. , when the construction of the pipeline project was first formally introduced.
 Bajpasiranje Polish Ukraine and Europe depends on Russian gas that is distributed over UkrajinePlinovodi South Stream and Nord Stream, are primarily intended as a geopolitical project. The aim was to increase gas deliveries to central Europe, especially in large markets such as Germany and Italy, while isolating those countries that there would be supply for political reasons, were prone to obstruct. Nord Stream also is intended to supply the north-west and central Europe to circumvent the Baltic states and Poland, and South Stream should be supplied with Southeast Europe, by a pipeline running through Ukraine. In short, the idea of building the South Stream was a direct result of problems that Russia has had with the frequent blockades of Ukrainian pipelines. In this country the government was pro-West oriented President Viktor Yushchenko, Ukraine has consistently flirted with the idea pristupnja NATO and publicly expressed its ambition of joining the EU.
 In this situation, it only makes sense intended by the Russian leadership that the construction of new pipelines to reduce geo-strategic importance of Ukraine, but Ukraine&#39;s gas transit revenues, a key economic resource of the state. Yanukovych situation changes, however, in the meantime the situation has changed. Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has become, pro-Russian oriented politician, who will almost certainly stop the trend towards the opening of Ukraine zapadanim influences. With Yanukovych the Russian government&#39;s policy towards Ukraine will significantly change on the horizon is even a sort of partnership. To believe that Yanukovych will in future run the blockade pipeline, while Russia will certainly be a decline in interest income from Ukrainian transit. Much of that money already paid by western European countries, and to believe that Russia would in the future could encourage the growth rates of transit, aware that in this way helps your Yanukovych ally, to keep power.
 Indeed, some Western analysts predict that after the arrival of Yanukovych to power Russia and the West could reach an easy agreement that would permanently Ukraine remained Russia&#39;s sphere of influence. Simply, the EU and NATO long to abandon the idea spread to Ukraine, and in return get a stable energy supply, without the usual shocks and crises over the past years. In this situation there is less Razon to build South Stream, especially in the current economic situation. The investment of 25 billion dollars with no clear vision of profitability Namely, when the project created a global oil prices ranged near the border record of $ 147, and is predicted to Prices of oil could rise to more than $ 200. As the price of gas associated with oil prices, Russia&#39;s gas production realized enormous profits, and with such high prices and significant growth in global demand, all development projects of new sites and building new infrastructure seemed viable.
 Investment in the South Stream is difficult dolaraIpak 25 billion, then the world is hit by the global economic recession. The fall in industrial production and caused a sharp drop in energy consumption, and thus the need for gas. In short, the price of oil, including gas, today it is twice lower than in mid 2007. when the South Stream launched in Europe, consumption by approximately 8 percent. In such circumstances, the big question is whether you are a company, even if it was a global giant like Gazprom, to afford an investment of 25 billion dollars with no clear vision of profitability. And Gazprom canceled projects due to low gas prices, Gazprom and other Russian oil companies over the past 12 months have been forced to significantly reduce their investments in the exploration of new sites, and the development of infrastructure projects. Thus, the Russian state agency for subsoil assets Rosnedra announced that those companies during 2009.
 the territory of Russia discovered new reserves of 620 million tons of oil and 580 billion cubic meters of gas, which is less than a year earlier, and that these figures could be reduced by 14 percent in 2010. and even more in coming years. Furthermore, Russia&#39;s Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources has not yet announced this year&#39;s budget for geological research. This amount was doubled two years ago, so it is considered that now due to lack of funds could be returned to the level in 2008. Or decreased by approximately 600 million U.S. dollars. Difficult situation in the oil industry itself, Gazprom is due to lack of funds released to give up buying a huge gas field Kovikta, located in the Irkutsk region istočnosibirskoj. This field sadržizmeđu 2:03 a.m. trillion cubic meters of gas, and ownership of the concession for its exploitation belongs to Rusia Petroleum, which is majority owned by TNK-BP, the Russian subsidiary of British oil giant BP.
 Gazprom for years with TNK-BP is negotiating about the purchase of the field, arguing that this is the key sites for future supply Asian markets. At one time it was agreed and the price of 900 million U.S. dollars, but Gazprom is now withdrawn from the purchase, saying it will provide Asian customers from the existing production sites in western Siberia and Jakutju. Company TNK-BP in the U.S. threatens to be her and the concession for exploitation of the fields Kovikta, which was recently officially the Russian Environmental Protection Agency proposed Rosprirodnadzor Rosnedri, despite the fact that the company is developing the site so far invested more than 660 million U.S. dollars. However, the situation with sites Kovikta is indicative of a reflection of difficult situation in the oil industry, where due to low prices, and Shutting, companies and voluntarily waive their once valuable concessions for the exploitation of gas. So the company Vostok Schmidt Neftegaz, joint venture BP and Russia&#39;s Rosneft in February dropped from the development of fields in the East Smit Sakhalin 5 large sites, while a consortium of Gazprom, Norway&#39;s StatoilHydro and France&#39;s Total for lack of funds announced that gas production at giant polar field Štokman only begin 2016th, three years after the scheduled deadline.
 Indeed, it seems that in the beginning, due to cost reductions, the field probably will not even be built in natural gas liquefaction plant, which is supposed to be the main resource of the entire project. The stagnation of the Russian gas industry in these circumstances it is obvious that the Russian gas industry, and mostly I Gazprom, is currently experiencing considerable stagnation. Lasts a period of weaker global activity of Economics, and less demand for gas, Gazprom and other Russian companies will probably be forced to slow down or temporarily suspend a significant number of large projects. Given the new geopolitical circumstances in the context of improved relations between Russia and Ukraine, one of these projects could easily be the South Stream pipeline. This fact in mind should be the creators of the Croatian energy strategy. Croatia really can not affect whether and when the South Stream will be implemented. By signing the contract to ensure that it participates when it happens and it&#39;s good.
 However, now the Croatian state administration with the same intensity must continue to develop other projects to Croatia in the future to ensure long-term energy stability.
 