Author: Nikola Šajn Posted: 23.06.2010 Ten American historians made a list of hated companies, and in the first place put the oil company in the early century, led by John Rockefeller. BP is in sixth place ZAGREB - Rage of the American public is currently due to oil spills in the Gulf of Mexico aimed at oil company BP, but as an American portal writes Daily Beast, in history there were bigger sinners. Interviewed ten historians who have nominated their candidates for the most hated company in U.S. history. The voices got 60 companies, but most of them mentioned the 13th RELATED NEWS News In the first place is not a BP, but other oil companies, Standard Oil, from the early 20 century. In the U.S., her name is still synonymous with corporate greed. However, according to a financial historian Morgen Witzel, a company led by John Rockefeller 1880-1890-them and them people are really appreciated, but the 1903rd
 the media have begun to reveal their tactics, buying smaller competitors. Breach of Competition government business 1911th sued for breach of competition, and the Supreme Court at the end of the company split into 34 smaller companies, from which they arise, among others, Mobil, Exxon, Chevron and Amoco. Exxon and I&#39;m 80-odd years later, found himself under fire from the public, and the scale of the Daily Beast to the high third place, because then the largest natural disaster in America - oil spills from the tanker Exxon Valdez, which in 1989. stranded in the south of Alaska. Spilled 11 million gallons of oil. At another place was the Union Carbide who destroyed his image when he in 1984. from the pesticide factory in Bhopal, India expired poison which has been exposed to half a million people. In fourth place was United Fruit Company, which literally gave the world the term &quot;banana republic&quot; because the local authorities in Central America, mostly danced as she asked the corporation engaged in the export of bananas.
 The strike of its employees 1928th Colombia suffocated in the blood - Colombian government troops. When it democratically elected president of Guatemala began to nationalize the country you are leaving a raw and corporations give the peasants, United Fruit Company was able to izlobirati CIA 1954th organize a military coup. Fraud with the help of the CIA In fifth place is a former telecommunications giant International Telephone &amp; Telegraph (ITT), also with the help of the CIA carried out by the political maneuvering in Latin America - specifically, in Chile. Year was the 1970th, and ITT, which owns a Chilean telecommunications company Chilteco, he feared that the presidential election could defeat leftist Salvador Allende. The corporation is funded with $ 700,000 Jore Alessandria, opponents of Chilean presidential candidate Salvador Allende, and tips on how to safely transfer money gave her the CIA.
 ITT has offered one million U.S. dollars and the CIA to prevent Allende coming to power. However, Allende won, but three years after it was crashed Augusto Pinochet, with the help of the U.S. government - and it&#39;s fingers had to ITT. Only at the sixth place ranking by the Daily Beast is a current disaster that is in the Gulf of Mexico caused by BP. Followed by Microsoft, which is 80-they came into disrepute because of choking competition and monopolistic practices, such as exclusive agreements with hardware manufacturers, which have led to price controls and market dominance. In eighth place, investment bank Goldman Sachs, which for years was considered merely an &quot;arrogant successful,&quot; says the Daily Beast. But while the past year rabies recession, Goldman Sachs went well, he was even all the money he owed to AIG, and the account are paid by taxpayers angry. Then it was discovered that Goldman Sachs for years bet against an investment that has advised its clients.
 The campaign for the baby food manufacturer Nestle chocolate on the list to find the campaign in 1977., In which her baby formula, marketed as a better alternative to breastfeeding. Activists in the United States organized a successful boycott that spread to Europe. Private military company Blackwater in tenth place. The two were employees 2007th acknowledged that smuggled weapons, and 2010th former president of Gary Jackson accused of showing false arms sales to cover up the bribe to the king of Jordan. Recently they changed their name to Xe Services. Two seats on the other is a company whose name is due to the Iraq war has become synonymous with cursing - Halliburton. The company started getting huge contracts thanks to a war that was pushed through by U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney - also the former director of Halliburton. In addition to charges of war profiteering, has now been discovered that Halliburton cementing operations performed and the BP-jevoj platform from which for two months is leaking oil into the Gulf of Mexico.
 At the 11th Monsanto is the place. Accusing them of war crimes because they produce a toxin Agent Orange during the Vietnam War. Last on the list of the investment bank Drexel Burnham, whose brokers cheated its clients. Number of recommendations: 35 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 