Rescue teams waiting for the green light to enter the Pike River mine, 50-kilometers south of Greymouth on New Zealand where 29 trapped miners. Daniel Rockhouse (24) and Russell Smith (50) are pulled through the auxiliary output and walked two kilometers to urge support for colleagues. The mine exploded Friday night around 16:30 pm local time. It is assumed that the cause of the explosion hazardous natural gas methane. All are waiting to start saving. Each miner has oxygen for 30 minutes, enough to reach the container in which there are enough supplies to survive for several days. In addition to the underground high concentrations of methane and has very little oxygen, do not know if anyone survived the first explosion. Lifeguards at the moment only the air blown into the hole of 5000 meters. Among the trapped miners were two British, two Australian and one South African. Scot this is the second accident in the last three months Scot Pete Roger (40) moved up with his girlfriend Dianne Morris in New Zealand two years ago.
 He started working as a mechanic at the mine in April. This is the second time that is trapped in a mine. Three months ago he was under the ground for eight hours after the explosion. Pulled up alive and greeted him the bad news New Zealander Daniel Rockhousea (24), one of the two miners who got away after the blast, welcomed the news of another tragedy. As well as his brother was detained under the earth, their grandfather died of a heart attack. Daniel works at the mine two years. He is married and has a daughter of three years. Just hours before the accident he wrote the Facebook profile &quot;I&#39;m tired that my daily life is hanging by a thread ... There are no days that are not injured, nor the month that almost does not die ...&#39;. Tags: coal, mine, miner, Pike River, explosion Last comments 1 comments View all comments prior to 2 weeks, 6 days nobody1: svakii life is valuable, and hopefully that will be saved kamarad not you agree? Comment! To comment on the need to apply.
 You do not have an account? Registration is fast and easy, register and join the discussion.
 