Several officials said it was strictly confidential analysis, written in January, the president&#39;s national security adviser Gen. James Jones, a part of intensive efforts within the Pentagon, the White House and intelligence agencies to develop new options for president Barack Obama. They include a series of military alternatives, which have been elaborated, which would be discussed in the event that diplomacy and sanctions fail to force Iran to change course, says NY Times. Officials familiar with the contents of the memorandum were willing to describe only the parts that deal with strategy and policy, not the parts that are obviously engaged in covert operations against Iran, or access to American allies in the Persian Gulf. One senior official, who like others spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the memorandum, described the document as a &quot;wake-up call&quot;. However, an official at the White House has challenged this view, saying that 15 months have already worked out detailed plans for a lot of potential outcomes related to Iran&#39;s nuclear program.
 In an interview on Friday, General Jones declined to discuss the memorandum, saying only that the administration has &quot;a strategy for the full range of possible situations&quot; regarding Iran. In the memorandum, Gates outlined a number of concerns, including the absence of an effective strategy if Tehran chooses the direction that many analysts think likely - that Iran could obtain all the main parts for nuclear weapons - fuel, the formal solution of arms and detonators, but stop before the assembly of a fully operational weapons. In this case, Iran can not remain signatory Treaty on the Nonproliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to become what strategists call the &quot;virtual&quot; nuclear powers. According to several officials, the memorandum also calls for thinking that the U.S. can do to curb the power of Iran if Iran decides to make a weapon, and how to act in case of nuclear fuel or weapons of acquiring some of the terrorist groups that Iran supports, which according to officials less likely possibility .
 Gates has never publicly mentioned the memo, a Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell, on Saturday declined to comment on the document, but issued a statement stating that &quot;the minister believes that President Obama and his national security team have invested considerable efforts to prepare for all eventual situation in connection with Iran. &quot; A senior administration official described the line that Iran will not allow to pass. The official said the U.S. would ensure that Iran does not acquire a nuclear capability, &quot;a move by Tehran to be reached before developing complex weapon. &quot;This includes the ability to &#39;switch,&#39;&quot; he said, using a term that nuclear specialists apply for countries that suddenly abandon an agreement on nonproliferation of nuclear weapons and using its own technology to produce a small nuclear arsenal. Gates also expressed concern that intelligence agencies miss the signs that Iran goes to the last step of the production of weapons.
 Some officials have commented that his memorandum should be seen as a warning to the relatively new president of the United States is adequately prepared. In last week&#39;s hearing before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Director of Military Intelligence Agency DIA General Ronald Burgess, and Deputy Chief of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen. James Cartwright, said that Iran can produce nuclear fuel for weapons a year, while his producing usable nuclear bombs should be two up to five years. (REUTERS / metro-portal)
 