Did you know ... Every red blood cell (erythrocyte) in our body on its surface carries a natural chemicals that determine our blood type. According to these properties, all of our red blood cells are classified into one of Moguæa four types of blood: blood group 0, A, B and AB. According to the frequency of occurrence is 0 The most common blood type, while those with blood group AB najrjeðe found. Blood groups are inherited from our parents, a gene for blood type we got from his father, a second gene from the mother. There are three main types of genes that determine blood types: A, B and 0 It is well known that blood group we belong to, because it is still one of the characteristics that make us distinctive and Eine that we determine. Eighty percent of all people at least once in your life will be blood or blood components. Possibility of obtaining blood is every day more difficult. Life can be saved for only one hour of his time. We have the possibility to give a gift to special values.
 Blood is not possible to produce an artificial way. The only source of that drug is the man - the blood donor. Blood is a medicine used in: large blood losses (due to injuries, burns or with surgery), severe anemia and other blood diseases. Who can be a voluntary blood donor? All persons aged 18-65 years, body weight over 55 kg, blood pressure 90-180 / 50-110 mmHg, with hemoglobin: 135 g / L (for men) and 125 g / L (women). In Croatia, men can be voluntary donors to 4 times a year, and women up to 3 times a year. For voluntary blood donors is said to be an active part of a healthy relationship between society and patients. All of us, when we need blood as a cure, we only depend on voluntary blood donors. I can be a volunteer blood donor. How does going to voluntarily donate blood? It is recommended that on the day of giving blood, prior to arrival, eat a light meal and do not drink alcohol.
 Place to which we refer is the closest hospital to us, the Department of Transfusion Medicine. At each arrival fulfill the questionnaire, which is made for preservation of health and safety of patients that we help. This is followed by determining the blood group - a special test with a small jab at your fingertips. In addition to checking the quantity of hemoglobin in the blood, blood color, which contains iron. If the test indicates a lack of hemoglobin, is currently not be able to give blood, but we get the corresponding medical treatment, advice on how to improve the level of hemoglobin. He then goes on a brief conversation with the doctor, which we measured blood pressure and listen to the heartbeat. Followed by placement of the bed for blood donation. Only blood donation: lasts 8 to 12 min, where it is used needle and plastic vreæica, sterile, disposable. After giving blood will rest with refreshments! Why do not people give blood? Nedarivatelji blood as the main reasons cited fear and little knowledge about the needs and the blood donation.
 What do volunteer donors? &quot;After all I was happy, satisfied and almost serenely quiet.&quot; &quot;That day completely dedicate yourself (walk, holiday, honors are a good dessert, friends ,...) because I am aware that I made a good thing.&quot; &quot;It is indeed a concrete way in which we can help other people! &quot;While key ten minutes (how long blood donation) is not too pleasant, pleasure, subsequent to this man seems to forget and a little discomfort. Lora and Una Franc Sources: Brochure for voluntary blood donation Department of Transfusion Medicine, University Hospital Osijek http://www.crvenikriz-zg.hr/ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blood_transfusion http://hospital.blood. co.uk / library / pdf / blood_groups_f_croatian.pdf http://www.classkids.org/library/classqa/bloodtyp.htm Comments Add New Search Powered by JoomlaCommentCopyright (C) 2006 Frantisek Hliva. All rights reserved.Homepage: http://cavo.co.nr/
 