Ash from the Icelandic volcano caused the largest fine flights of 11 attacks September 2001. year. The volcano has landed the aircraft in Zagreb. A cloud of volcanic ash that has been completely paralyzed air travel over Europe could come to the Croatian during the following night, according to Zoran prognostièar Vakula Meteorological and Hydrological Association. Forecasts on the possible arrival of volcanic ash were obtained by analyzing the calculation of atmospheric forecasting models in the MHS, and in particular the tracking information from an international consultancy responsible for air traffic because of the position and moving clouds of volcanic ash. With volcanic ash clouds are moved to the northern and northwestern Europe, and increasingly coming to the central parts of the continent. &#39;According to the currently available forecasts, the next night will very likely part of the clouds and come to Austria and Hungary, while the second part of the night, probably to the north of the Croatian border.
 For now, we have no knowledge of the concentration of particles in these clouds, &quot;he writes in a statement. Iduæa notice of volcanic ash cloud movement is expected on Friday afternoon when the MHS will issue a new forecast of the arrival of volcanic particles over the Croatian territory. The largest fine of 11 air traffic September 2001. The huge cloud of ash from Icelandic volcanoes that covered northern Europe on Thursday caused the largest fine flights of terrorist attacks on the U.S. 11th September 2001. year and the country has left passengers on six continents. Officials said it would be necessary given that the sky once again become a safe in one of the areas najzagušenijih air lines. Cloud that is several kilometers above the earth can block the jet engine and broke the travel plans of thousands of dozens of people. The European security organization Eurocontrol air traffic was reported that these disturbance &quot;could last for two days,&quot; all depends &quot;on the mode of movement of ash clouds from Iceland.
 The organization estimates that the 5000-6000 flights canceled on Thursday in European air travel which Fair recorded about 21 000 flights daily. Problems following six months in Iceland are experts warned that a volcanic eruption, the second in less than a month, could last at least several weeks. Experts say that volcanic dust could cause problems in air travel following six months if the eruption persists for some time in Iceland are experts warned that a volcanic eruption, the second in less than a month, could last at least several weeks. PHOTO: The largest block of 11 air traffic September 2001. The Experts suggest that the volcanic dust could cause problems in air travel following six months if the eruption persists for some time. However, even a brief interruption of traffic could have a material adverse effect on the financial operations of airlines, which have just began to emerge from recession.
 In the UK, they canceled all flights that are not urgent, and most of the aircraft will remain in the country at least until Friday at noon. Also they did, and the authorities in Ireland, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Belgium have also closed their air space. France has closed 24 airports, including lead the airport Charles de Gaulle in Paris a few flights from the United States had to be vraæeno.Vulkan aircraft landed in Zagreb Photo javno165 At Zagreb&#39;s Dance is also good. The only flight that is now safe to Western Europe is one of Croatia Airlines to Munich, reports HRT. Sure there are also flights to Vienna and Zurich, which was confirmed by Dragutin Šrlec, coordinator of the Zagreb airport traffic. The canceled flights are to London, Brussels, Paris, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and Kopengahen and Croatia Airlines flights to Paris late. Regularly travels to Zurich, Vienna and Budapest and fly from Split in the Scandinavian countries, England and part of Germany have been canceled.
 So they postponed this morning fly to Paris and Lille, and the passengers who were supposed to travel to Lille are located in the hotel. On Friday and postponed flights from Dubrovnik to Frankfurt, Lille and Lyon, while the flight was performed in Vienna. PHOTO: ash from the volcano paralyzed air travel Škrlec stressed that it is difficult to say when will this situation continue as it all depends on the movement of clouds of ash. It is believed that the termination of traffic from southern Britain could last until late, from Belgium and the Netherlands to 16 or 17 hours, and from north Germany to 14 hours. The ban extended to Friday, clouds of ash from the volcanoes of Iceland was a threat to air travel when he went east to northern Europe, at an altitude between 6000 and 11 000 meters, where ashes can suck up the aircraft and engines are blocked. In addition, smoke and ash obstruct visibility. The lines are canceled Photo javno165 British Agencies for air travel on Thursday said it extended the ban on traffic by Friday at noon.
 The agency said it has never stopped all flights in its airspace but that many were grounded after the terrorist attacks in the United States in the 11th September 2001. year. - People do not remember when it was in scale - said Patrick Horwood from the agency. - And certainly not a volcano. Traffic danger at least until Sunday, Kyla Evans, a spokeswoman for Eurocontrol Brussels which oversees air travel, she said it was canceled due to ash about 4000 of 20,000 daily flights to Europe. During the day there was a failure when the new Thursday night closed the German airports in Berlin and Hamburg. Photo javno165 AccuWeather meteorologists service from Pennsylvania said they would present a cloud of ash threaten air travel in Europe until at least Sunday. Einar Kjartansson, geofizièar the Iceland Meteorological Office said that the problem could take weeks, depending on how the winds will deliver the ashes.
 Geological Survey of the United States, said that since 1983. 2000. year, about 100 aircraft flew into a cloud of volcanic ash. In some cases the engines stopped working briefly but there were no fatal incidents.
 