Humanitarian convoy to Gaza, moving from Turkey. In Turkey, the base of the entire humanitarian operation. The main ship in the convoy was Turkish, and the ship was the scene of bloody attacks the Israeli army. On board is a team of Al Jazeera television, which broadcasts directly to everything that happens on board. The recorded scenes of brutal and totally unjustified Israeli attacks leave the world. Muslim countries on how to react, but respond: outbursts of hatred and anger towards Israel and towards the West that it supports Israel and provides every possible support to the racist and genocidal Israeli policies. Since the Turkish authorities come sharp messages and warnings to Israel that further exacerbated the situation. Israel Strikes at all with even more arrogance and hypocrisy, lies and its standard inverted value system, which only further frustrates the Muslim world, especially Arabs. Tensions rise on all sides, hatred and anger have accumulated and expanded on a mass scale.
 And, as icing on the cake, in Turkey was slain Catholic priest. All together, when the underline line under these events around the convoy to Gaza, there has been an excellent basis for starting the war of civilizations. Just as it is over 30 years ago Samuel Huntington announced the Harvard group gathered around Henry Kissinger as his great guru. Henry Kissinger would be free to call the War-guru by what has been done in this world. One of žešćih living mass murderer. Of course, the mass murderer with the Nobel Peace Prize, as befits a world governed by the father of lies, the prince of this world. Now, the question is always: who responds? Who is in the interest of such developments? Who wants war? That is not a secret: it is the Zionist structure, present primarily in the United States, openly advocated for military intervention in Iran&#39;s nuclear program. At least this is their publicly expressed reason, a whole series of reasons why the Zionists, or Masonic-iluminatskoj elite, now at any price will be war.
 And World War II, not a regional, limited to a relatively narrow space. Global war on them is imperative due to global economic collapse created by the economic system managed by banks and stock exchanges in their possession. Global war is necessary to impose a global solution, of course, are the ones: the occult power centers of the shafts London - Washington - Tel Aviv. Surely all this is only a means toward achieving the ultimate goal that the Zionists, and all the Masonic-Illuminati-sotonističkih structure in terms of building the Third Temple in Jerusalem. This is the crown of the enterprise and to the crown of building a new world order. Without a new temple there is no completion of the New World Order. And again, all-out war is precisely what is necessary to the planned construction of the temple in Jerusalem could accomplish. Without universal massacre, a massacre of a large global, it is not possible to build a temple, and that says enough already with this temple, and who will sit back at him as ruler of the world.
 When it is all put in a scenario that occurred with the humanitarian convoy to Gaza, then one can draw certain conclusions as to this actually happened. Turkey itself is there a story in the sense that since mladoturskog Masonic movement under direct control. Young Turks, as well as the Mlada Bosna and other young&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;movements of the time were Masonic creations are designed so that through them as doing a national revolution and the new replaces the old elite, young, and better suited to serve for future goals. Young people, new people, already planned New World Order. Thus, Garibaldi and his Carbonari, as well as Bismarck and his unification of Germany, it was all under the masonry, either directly or indirectly. Thus, humanitarian convoy that was launched in Turkey and such where Masons hold over the military position of absolute power and when the slightest departure from the planned route Masonic - Now the army carried out a coup.
 Secretly recorded video in the Turkish Masonic lodge. (English translation in youtubestranici) This is the history of modern Turkey. Also, Turkey is a NATO member, the alliance which is often called a Masonic military wing of NATO and do not accept members that have not been previously placed under the Masonic power. This same Turkey is also the only ally of Israel among countries that are predominantly Muslim, and this alliance is primarily carried out through cooperation between the two armies and intelligence agencies. Turkey&#39;s ruling elite because of the internal situation in the country and the discontent of the people corresponding to this escalation of things because it draws attention from all these problems, but there is an appropriate setting of Turkey as the leader of the Muslim world in the struggle against the Zionist evil. Where will the tears, neg &#39;around, as they say. Where will be the center of a new Muslim revolt against Israel rather than just the long-standing ally of Israel and the Masonic determined.
 That only appropriate that the man does not believe. On the other hand we have Israel, which had hundreds of other ways of stopping the convoy, but, well, chose the one that spilled the blood and human lives are lost. And so it is all filmed to show the whole world. Israel, which has one of the best armies in the world, with modern weapons systems, with experience in planning complex military operations, it is thought that it would be good to block the signal from the vessel and thus prevent unnecessary departure of images of violence against people in the world. Israel and the Jews who are just masters of propaganda war, and who know very well what is the power of the media have not thought of breaking the media trump the opposing side. Whoever believes in something, a real politically naive. It could be all done elegantly and without any casualties, but then they would not have this state of anger and hate what we have now. And this state of anger and hatred is unfounded, is not without basis because of Israeli policies, and it is what is in all the worst because it allows relatively easy manipulation of years oppressed and humiliated people.
 In short, done everything as it was intended to Turkey and Israel to raise tensions in the Muslim world, and then to consequently increase the fears inside Israel so the Jews better homogenize within yourself - to silence all those Jews who opposed the war option and that the peace option and a solution to all problems. Because there are such Jews, no matter what the media do not convey that fact. And that is part of the image being only radicalized the opposing poles of the corresponding perception that there is then there is no other option but war only to solve the intransigent party. Video: Rabbi Weiss said that the existence of the state of Israel anti-biblical act of the Jews, &quot;Zionists have turned their faith in spiritual materialism&quot; More about rabija Weiss on YouTube http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Rabbi+Weiss+ &amp; aq = f Also, the Palestinians that Israel does not act like the worst beasts, we could not bring the whole world to such a high point of incandescence, which is here now.
 Literally just one drop, one little spark, and everything is ready for the universal explosion of bloody wedding anniversary. All pieces are arranged, everything was ready, and just waiting for the right moment to be subdued dried powder. When will it be? Who can know exactly? But, knowing some of legality, there would be no wonder if the World Cup held in South Africa benefited as a suitable tool distraction on the one hand, in launching the war option on the other side. In general, South Africa alone is problematic enough space for himself and given enough&#39;&#39;cloth&#39;&#39;for all combinations of manipulators in the shadows, and when a war starts under the smokescreen Cup, who would later ask why it should do and who it is challenged? Zombizirana crowd will accept the vast majority of what you serve the corporate media: there some terrorists, Bin Laden, Saddam Hussein, the nuclear danger, again, terrorists, peacekeeping intervention, the war for peace, a war for human rights, women&#39;s rights, democracy, etc, etc.
 All of that will qualify people so that they consented to the subordination of those who will manage the entire process from the beginning. As an additional orientation to the course of war come to us with information, seconded Bilderberg conference in Spain where he says that at the meeting agreed to give&#39;&#39;green light&#39;&#39;to attack Iran. Now, whether this is really credible information that has leaked or is it deliberately placed the information by themselves, can not be known, but no matter what it says is that all sides go to war, and somehow people are preparing for it that this war accepted as something inevitable, something that has to be and what must&#39;&#39;do&#39;&#39;. All in all, there seems to be something good and ready to be brave enough to be a black face with this reality as it is, and to the faith and optimism could be drawn together through all alive and healthy. And it is true that on a personal level, family level and at national level.
 In times to come to us, regardless of whether it is now immediately start the war option, or will be delayed for a little while later, only for purely economic reasons and the collapse of the global economy in the coming period the art of personal and national survival. Let all the happiness and God&#39;s blessing. Mark Francišković
 