Indeed they had podravkašice hard to make the opening ceremony recorded the first points. Centar Zagreb proved to be an awkward opponent and their leading scorer Nine Jukopila. However, there was a problem in Centar, but in Koprivnica team. Lightly rivals have learned, and it may have underestimated. Accordingly, the meeting entered without sufficient fighting spirit and commitment, and if so, then even arguably higher quality of Podravka players can not come to the fore. Game Koprivničanki was below the expected level, you will improve much in the coming exams, and above all access. Initially, the result is only the first five minutes was tied, but then Podravka separates the increasing difference and has the advantage at halftime of the seven differences. Especially bad was the sequel, which was received with Trešnjevka 17:11! Were taking advantage Koprivničanke until the middle of the second half, and then began to decline.
 Guests from Zagreb in the 51 minute reaches minus 3 (27:24) and 56th and less than 2 goals. For something more was not enough time, and Podravka at the end can be happy is minimal winning. But everyone knows that the objective is not a real balance of power and that the other players Nevena Hrupec quite obliged to premiere on which disappointed its rare audience. Podravka on Friday traveled to Montenegro, on Saturday following the match with a strong future in the regional league. FIRST FOR WOMEN HRL, 1 KOLO Podravka Vegeta - TREŠNJEVKA 30:29 (19:12) Copenhagen - High School Sports Hall of Fran Galovića. Attendance 100th Judge: Iva Vončina and Jelena Vujic (Zagreb). Podravka Vegeta Žderić (6), Jelčić (10); Vukojevic Kožnjak 2, Pongrac AM Beljo, Petkovic 1, Zebić 6, trunks 4, Dragišić, Milanovic Litre 5, Poljak, Pasičnik 6 (1), Tatari 1, Nikčević 1, Pušić 4 (2). Coach: Neven Hrupec. TREŠNJEVKA: South (2), Golubic (9 +1); Zovko 3, Mihovilović 1, Blazevic, Sable, Gasparovic, Busic 1, Komljenović 3, John 4, 5 Blazek, Kajfeš 5, Matic, Knježević 7 (1).
 COACH: Boris Dvoršek. M SHOTS: Podravka Vegeta 3 (3), Trešnjevka 2 (1). EXCLUSIONS: Podravka 6 min. (Milanovic Litre Pušić, Zebić) Trešnjevka 2 min. (Busic). Player releases MATCHES: Svitlana Pasičnik (Podravka Vegeta). Opening: 424 Comments (0) RSS feed comment Write a comment Show / Hide comment form You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 