Author: Michel Kalajžić Published: 16.06.2010 The unions have so far collected 72 percent of the required signatures for a referendum against the amendment of the Labour ZADAR - Ozren Matijasevic, president of the Croatian Trade Union Association and coordinator of trade unions, at a press conference at People&#39;s Square in Zadar convened for collecting signatures for a referendum against the amendment provisions of the collective agreement, it provoked a citizen of that press conference was interrupted by a question of how much it pays. She said that he is not fighting for workers&#39; rights, to which she replied Matijašević &quot;and resemblance to the HDZ, provokatorice. One is a citizen with a hat Croatian war veterans demanded that journalists wanting to ask him to talk about communism, but nobody was interested. RELATED NEWS News Comments Press Conference was held, however, a Matijasevic and acting county commissioner SSSH and coordinator of the trade unions for Zadar County Vedran Uranija urged citizens to give their signatures for the referendum, stressing that this union, and not political action.
 Uranium, said he collected up to now 330 000 signatures, of which 14 000 in Zadar. - People want to change the way that the burden of the recession and the crisis borne by those who have enriched the 90-ies, and not just workers and retirees. We urge the Government to withdraw the amendments to the paper, it will normally lead workers in difficult situations, without the possibility of collective bargaining - has said uranium. - No one but us will force the Government to change the management, if you can call. Collected signatures of 72 percent full because no one has so far failed to compile, and if it is not enough. If you do not prevent the adoption of the devastating changes to the regulations of the Labour Act in Croatia will be neither a family who will feel the effects. Is not the fight for workers in the state sector but for all workers in Croatia. Let us only provoke politicians, their every statement is even more votes for us.
 I would say the Croatian Employers&#39; Association: their head man is anything but an employer, he was employed by the Todoric - said Matijasevic. Number of recommendations: 18 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 