After numerous disagreements and debates even before the event, on Monday (17.5.) Held in Berlin is the fifth consecutive plenary session of the German Islamic Conference. Two former Muslim organizations that have participated in previous conferences - The Islamic Council and the Central Council of Muslims - this time do not sit at the table. There are however, some new - including the Islamic Community of Bosniaks in Germany. Umbrella organization of Islamic Council has been excluded from the work of this conference because they are against some of the leading people Mili Goruša, which is the largest NGO in it, criminal proceedings for tax evasion and money laundering. A Central Council of Muslims refused to participate because the conference turned into an &quot;optional debate club,&quot; as formulated by the President of the Council of Ayyub Axel Köhler. Furthermore, if in his opinion, insufficient attention is paid to the important topic of hostility towards Islam in Germany.
 Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The two participants - theologian Tuba Isik-Yigit (l) and the German Minister of Family Kristina Schröder (d) Islam is a part of German society German Islamic Conference called for the first time in September 2006. the then Federal Minister of the Interior Wolfgang Schäuble. The aim was to enhance integration into German society, about four million Muslims who live here. Most of them, about three million, originating from Turkey, the second largest group with about 250,000 people are Muslims from Bosnia and Herzegovina, followed by those from Arab countries, from North Africa and from Afghanistan. For many years the Muslims in Germany were more or less ignored, and after the terrorist attacks in New York in September 2001. And there are - as was the case in many countries of the West - Muslims in general have become suspicious of citizen groups.
 To change this, and facilitate the involvement of Muslims in many spheres of social life in the country, Minister Schäuble has decided to launch an institutional dialogue between government and Muslim organizations and prominent individuals. Debate club or forum for launching concrete initiatives? Current workflow of the conference, which includes regular annual session of the Plenum of various working groups every two months, is generally assessed as positive. Muslims have been admitted as a partner, Schäuble has publicly declared that Islam has become an integral part of contemporary German society, has been initiated to introduce Islamic religious instruction in schools. It was agreed to and begin training Muslim mullah at some German universities as well as better cooperation between the Muslim religious community, with representatives of the police to prevent the appearance of Islamic fundamentalism and Islamic-inspired terrorism.
 Bildunterschrift: Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere (center) opens the second Islamic Conference in Berlin (17.05.2010) Yet critics say that this is not enough. According to them the Islamic Conference started with noble intentions, but he made very few concrete results. The most important goal of the great Muslim umbrella organization has accomplished: Muslims are not recognized as a religious community revnopravna with Catholic or Protestant church. Besides the problem from the perspective of just these major organizations represented at the conference and many people are indeed declare themselves as Muslims but acting only in his own behalf. Bosnian Islam as a model for Europe is one of them and Armin Omerika, 34-year-old islamologinja originating from Mostar, which for twenty years living in Germany. It promotes the Bosnian Muslim variant that Islam is perceived as less strict religion, but more as a form of culture is present in everyday life: &quot;I stand for a modern, prosvijketljenu Islamic theology that the interpretation of Islam pays attention to the needs of people.
 This inter alia implies the acceptance without any impediments secular social order of Germany and its constitutional order. &quot;Armin Omerika, as well as many other islamolozi who know the topic, believes that some aspects of Islam as it developed over the centuries in Bosnia and Herzegovina could be exemplary for the whole of Europe. Important incentives for forms of integration of Islam in većisnku Christian culture of Europe come from countries where there is a long tradition of living as Muslims in a Christian way in a secular environment. Author: C. Dahmann / C. Beyert / Z. Arbutina Re. ed: N. Kreizer
 