Posted on 16.06.2010. Since its establishment in the seat of the Istrian branch CMA is located in Pula. The first Constituent Assembly of the Istrian branch CMA held on 26 May 1948. General Hospital in Pula which was attended by 48 doctors from Istria and two delegates from the Association headquarters in Zagreb (Prof. Dr. sc.Premerua and Ph.D. Julijus). Assistant professor Julijus gave a commemorative lecture entitled &quot;Doctors as&quot; war criminals &quot;, a lecture by Professor Premeru&quot; The role of forensic medicine. &quot; On this occasion, a branch of the Association, with 9 old joined 14 new members. Dr. Mario Duic, who was a member of the CMA has since 1938. year, this is when he became president of the Istrian subsidiary of CMA. CMA Board of Directors Subsidiaries formed in 1956. year, with President Dr. Zvonimir Maretićeva. That same year, organized the exhibition &quot;Doctors-artists&quot; depicting images of oil paintings and caricatures whose authors were Doc.dr.Jelašić, dr.Oršić etc.
 Maretić. During those years he opened a photo laboratory and Dr. Celebrating the head of the CMA Library. In a very fertile period, during the 1957th year, there were a total of 180 popular lectures on public health. In 1960. was elected the new Board of Directors, a President is elected Dr. Alexander Spehar. Godine1962. the Istrian branch organized the lectures of distinguished colleagues from Turin to silicosis, a 1964th was organized counseling doctors and lawyers on the topic of &quot;Forensic Feedback injury. 1965 President of the Istrian subsidiary of CMA was elected Prim Paul Kos. In this very active period until 1970. year, there were a total of 81 expert meetings with 202 professional papers. 1968th The celebration of the 20th Anniversary of Health in Istria and published &quot;Proceedings of Health in Istria. In the period from 1970 - 1973, established a section for tourist and Maritime Medicine, Pediatric Section and the Section of general practice.
 The panel of the subsidiaries are still from 1948. The invited lectures held various distinguished experts from home and abroad. Our doctors, however, many times as invited speakers participated in conferences in Graz, Vienna, Brno, Basel, Athens, Boston (Harvard), Colombo, Atlantic City, Istanbul, Paris, Berlin and Darmstadt, etc. In the period since 1973. 1978-under the leadership of Dr. Murra Gjure held 89 meetings with one hundred and first reports, and were regularly held meetings of Infection section. In the same period revealed plaque Prof. Dr. Fran Mihaljevic the native home in Pula. It is also ganized a meeting with members of the Association of Astronomical Society of Pula, and the meeting with a neighboring branch in Portoroz, Slovenia, with a variety of social activities. 1985. elected the new president Prim. mr. sc. Igor Povrzanović and from that time began a long period of fruitful work in the Istrian branch of the Association, established the Council for IT, developing a fruitful cooperation with all the medical center in Puli, local authorities and businessmen who financially support the branch.
 At that time, established excellent cooperation with local newspapers and radio stations. In the spring 1987th The Presidency of the Medical Association held its first meeting just outside Zagreb in Pula. In celebration of the 40th Anniversary Lecture of Prof. Subsidiaries Matko Marusic with a lecture, &quot;Alternative Medicine&quot;. The session was prisutvovali then president and vice president of CMA Medical Academy. There have been many social activities of members of the Association and of the important professional activities in this period is necessary to separate the organization and co-organized by Croatian Pediatric Congress, intersekcijske kiruga meeting of Croatian and Slovene, and professional meetings like the one titled &quot;Cooperation in Health&quot; which was organized in Pazin, On primary health care organized in Labin and the meeting of Trauma and Neuropaediatric section, along with various other professional events. Branch joyfully welcomed the democratic changes in the country and its candidates from among the members of the CMA participates in the Croatian first multiparty elections.
 At the beginning of the war, 1991. The Presidency calls on all branch colleagues to become actively involved in the Croatian defense. That same year, in September, through the local daily newspaper Branch sends appeal to all doctors employed former Military Hospital to stand at the disposal of Croatian health care. Members of the Branch in November 1991st year around the world sent letters of intent which indicate the current moment in the State and necessary assistance to Croatia. In mid-1991st The numerous members of our subsidiaries CMA go to the battlefields, and many colleagues involved in selfless caring for displaced persons and wounded throughout the war. In 1992. Prim. mr.sc.Igor Povrzanović elected representatives of the Croatian Presidency of the World Association of Croatian physicians. The Election Assembly of the Istrian subsidiary of CMA in 1992. for a new president is elected Prim. mr. sc. Bruno Mazzi. This is a period marked by fruit izdavalaštvo.
 Published by the Proceedings of &quot;Istrian Health&quot; and is out of print out quality books &quot;Handbook tourist medicine&quot; Mr.sc.Gorana Popica. Branch officials to actively participate in the constitution of the Croatian Medical Association, also held a number of diverse professional and medical lectures. In the period from 1997-2001 under the presidency Prim sc. Dubravka Markovic, except professional meetings has become entrenched as social events. Erupted as the multi-alpine dr.Markovića successes that many times was part of Croatian mountaineering expedition. From 1992 until 2002, there were several attempts to &quot;wake&quot; Anthology of Health Istria, each with a short-term success. At the election meeting 2,001th for a new president is elected dr.Edi Terlević that its function is carried out over eight years, the two electoral mandates. In a very fertile period are organized varied and interesting lectures, and give life and social activities.
 In order to establish good relations among colleagues, with connections with the structures of the city of Pula and Istria. Members get the lounge in the center of Pula, which are designed as a club doctor, along with writers and artists of the City. Organized an exhibition of paintings of artists doctor, the printing of special catalog with the works of the exhibitor. Formed a band sounding name &quot;epidemic of Trio&quot; (dr.Terlević, Dr. Gregorović and dr.Alambašić) who appeared with his performances in various occasions, and are active today. After more than 10 years has revived the traditional doctor&#39;s Ball which took place three times as follows: 2002.2004 and 2006. For members of the Istrian branch organized a variety of memorable trips to socialize, to the island of Krk, Cres, adjacent to the Slovenian coast, in Istria ... During this period revived izdvačka activity. 2004, at the initiative Doc.dr.Dubravka Markovic based Journal of the Pula hospital, which is published annually ever since.
 Of 2009 published book is tragically deceased fellow-surgeons dr.Vilijama Bilic titled &quot;History of Surgery.&quot; Among other important events worth mentioning support branch CMA 2003 strike organized by the HLS. It is also praiseworthy activities of our colleagues, members of the Croatian Association for Environmental Health. Historical overview of the President of the Istrian Istrian branch branch CMA CMA today seat of the Istrian branch headquarters branch located at the old location, Pula General Hospital, the Emergency Medical Services building, on the first floor, near Pula General Hospital Library and the branch headquarters LVH. A subsidiary operates on the basis of volunteer work of members of the Board and not its employees. Professional activities Social activities
 