There is an old saying about the fierce Chechen tribes that inhabit the Caucasus Mountains: &quot;Čečenac can never be defeated. You can just kill you.&quot; Chechnya is a Russian nemesis. Even the notorious Russian mafia is afraid of the fierce Chechens, and have a good reason for it. Last year, Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has proudly declared that the resistance movement in the North Caucasus under Russian control and that were eliminated. The entire region is pacifiziran. And to show that Putin&#39;s statement is inaccurate Chechen suicide bombers have attacked the Moscow subway, killing 39 people and wounding 70th Chechen suicide bomber in Dagestan killed 12 people, mostly policemen. There have been several attacks on police in Dagestan. North Caucasus key again. The attacks have severely shaken the Russians and left the Kremlin deeply Embarrassed and angry. The two &quot;black widows&quot; - wives or daughters of soldiers for an independent Chechnya who have been killed, or women who were raped by the Russians (the Russians call them Islamic terrorists or bandits) - avenge the previous week, as often done in recent years.
 Last Chechen leader, Doku Umarov - and all its predecessors have been liquidated by Russia - to sound out his hiding from the Caucasus to the attacks on the subway revenge for the recent brutal murder of Chechen civilians by Russian security forces. Moscow has warned: &quot;We will make you feel what I feel.&quot; In recent years, the Chechen &quot;black widows&quot; were destroyed two civilian aircraft. Other Chechens hijacked the entire Moscow theater and attacked a train, &quot;Alexander Nevsky,&quot; which goes from Moscow to St. Petersburg. Chechens are a small but fierce people, who live in the North Caucasus mountains and has Indo-European origin. They, and other Muslim Caucasian tribes, such as Dagestan and Cerkez, fighting against the Russian imperial authorities last 300 years. 1877th The imperial Russia killed 40% of the Chechen population, which was then numbered 220,000 people. 400 000 Cerkez was expelled. Stalin, who was from neighboring Georgia, a hated Chechens.
 He shared Chechnya, creating the republic of Ingushetia. Then, on July 1937th year, his secret police NKVD murdered is 14,000 Chechens. 1944th The Stalin ordered the entire Chechen people to gather and to move the cattle wagons to Siberia, in concentration camps, or to remove the ice fields. After them followed by other Muslims: Inguši, Tatars, Karačai, Balkarsi. Neither bullets nor gas chambers were not required to Stalin in his death camps. A third of prisoners died each year from cold, hunger or disease in these concentration camps. Overall, about 2.5 million Muslims in the USSR were killed by Stalin, &quot;butcher of the nation&quot;, and of that number was half Chechens. Those who survived the gulag gone back to Chechnya. When the Soviet Union dissolved, Chechens demanded independence as well as all other Soviet republics. Instead the government of Boris Yeltsin invaded Chechnya, killing about 100,000 Chechen civilians in their indiscriminate and massive bombing and bombardments.
 Jawhar Dudajev Chechen leader was assassinated, according to some data, this happened due to telephone equipment to the U.S. NSA to furnish Moscow, and that they caught one of his call. President Bill Clinton, Boris Yeltsin has been described as &quot;Russia&#39;s Abraham Lincoln&quot;. Incredible, but Chechen fighters managed to defeat the Russian army and de facto independence profit. But 1999th The buildings in Russia have suffered a bomb attack, which killed 200 people, and created a national panic. Chechen terrorists were immediately charged with assault. But there are disturbing evidence that government agents carried out the bombing to justify the invasion of Chechnya. Moscow media reported that a group of agents of the FSB (the successor to the KGB) caught in the act, while placed explosives in the buildings. They later claimed to have explosives only sack &quot;sugar&quot;, and that it was only a &quot;test&quot;. The former FSB agent, Alexander Litvinenko, has joined other critics accused the government of the special operation run attacks to justify a new war against Chechnya.
 2006th The Litvinenko was poisoned with radioactive polonium-210 in London. Litvinenko also accused the Kremlin to stand in the murder of journalist Anna istražiteljke Politovskaje. She was before her death she said that she was marked for assassination by the government for its disclosure of government human rights abuses in Chechnya. Head of the FSB Vladimir Putin was catapulted to power at the time and antičečenske hysteria provoked by these mysterious bombings. Two years later, similar attacks 11th September will turn George Bush into a hero and provide a pretext for the U.S. to invade Afghanistan and Iraq. Powerful Russian forces invaded and defeated the Chechen resistance. All the moderate Chechen leaders were killed, and the last in Qatar 2004th year. Chechen puppet regime installed by Moscow, has established a reign of terror against the population, using torture, murder, kidnapping and rape.
 The world has ignored these violations, but he turned attention to other crimes, the death of around 300 children hostage at a school in Beslan. The outside world is totally ignored the death of 100 000 Chechens after they were successfully Moscow marked &quot;Islamic terrorists&quot;. A quarter of the Chechen people, Muslims and Russians, were killed in the period since 1991. by 2010. year. But the Chechens continued to fight. Moscow feeling of insecurity spread throughout the Caucasus. President Dimitri Medvedev has started some activities that humanizes the Russian authorities in this part of the world. But after the crime in the subway, Putin and Medvedev have pledged to destroy the remaining resistance in Chechnya, Dagestan and Ingushetia. Moscow to complete this historical tragedy of guaranteeing the independence of Chechnya. But the move carries risks for them: it can encourage other Muslims demands for independence in the Caucasus and burn 20 million Muslims, most of which now feels happy to live in the Russian Federation.
 Independent Chechnya may open another door, which is the penetration of the U.S. in the Caucasus and the campaign to encircle Russia. U.S. and Russia were very close to the conflict during the Russian war with Georgia. The cold war is still not finished. An independent Chechnya would be unstable and violent. But it&#39;s better than the massacre and crimes created by this terrible conflict. Modern Russia has to relent and give freedom of Chechnya. Author: Eric Margolis Source: ericmargolis.com Add this article to your favorite online community Read comments [0 replies] There are no comments Comment Loginuj to answer
 