Many are now wondering why what happened happened, and what is the main cause of the Abby Sunderland were forced to abandon his enterprise to become the youngest person who has sailed the world alone. According to many, there are two main reasons - Abbyin ship and disastrously bad timing. First Ship: Abby&#39;s journey took her to a fast race boat of 40 feet, which needs a lot of knowledge, experience and - power. Mike Perham had regatijer ocean from 50 feet and previous ocean experience, and Dee Caffari a similar boat, but as an experienced sailing instructor in the late twenties. On the other side of the Kay Cottee, David Dicks, Jesse Martin and Jessica Watson sailed to a robust rate of 34 boats, and her brother Zac to 36 feet. Wild Eyes is designed to sailboat regattas, and therefore very demanding, so it does not matter how much experience is Abby. This yacht has sailed a world under his first name, but the big question is why is the younger sister Zacovu selected larger boats, very difficult to manage.
 Second timing: For this race boat, winter in the Southern Ocean is the worst option. All are trying to pass through it during the local summer, and then experienced a big storm and huge waves. Jessica Watson is passed through it in a much safer and more robust board (but why slower) just in time to avoid the worst. Accidents and incidents are usually a combination of different factors, a decision Abbyinog team and itself contributed to it being without a mast in the middle of the ocean and the worst when it ruled in the worst conditions. Such adventures are achievable, but when the delay in entering dangerous waters only because of the chase for the record, then it is a bad risk management Sunderlaand Abby and her team. Abbyino last letter: Hi everyone, I&#39;m sorry to be so long I did not occurred, but probably all know that I had a few difficult days. Even now I can not write much because I type on a French keyboard, while on a fishing boat.
 The longest and the shortest was told, one long and one short wave pole (short mean his remaining two inches). I&#39;ll write in more detail later, but I just want you to know that I am well and safe on a large fishing boat that drives me somewhere, I do not know exactly where. Ludo is the best word that the real way to describe what happened. Just a couple of minutes when I fisherboats, but call me from different media. I have no idea of where their number, but it seems that everyone wants my story now, when my accident occurred. There is much for which to blame me in this situation: my age, season, and much more. It is true that it was a storm and you can sail through the Indian Ocean and not you walk through at least one. It was not a season but only storm in the Southern Ocean. Storms are an integral part of sailing around the world. And as for the years when someone was creating giant waves and storms? Now just try to overcome the fact that I would not see his &quot;Wild Eyes&quot;.
 More about all I&#39;ll write another occasion. © Abby Published
 