Finance Minister Ivan Suker is convinced that doing a good job - on full state budget. The quality of his work, he believed, and Ivo Sanader, a former prime minister, believes the Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor. The three common misconceptions associated - the job of the Minister of Finance did not charge the state budget. His job is to manage it. Calculation of the full tax collectors. RELATED NEWS News search for the money problem arises when taxpayers can not fill the budget. Then finance minister gets another role: it must find the money missing. Suker knows and can find the money. In the markets it has always, and the price depends on the health of the domestic and global economy. We can actually assume that Suker probably by the end of his ministerial mandate still able to raise funds to cover the basic obligations and not just by the way, no matter which fulfills wishes of their bosses. - This is a confirmation of Croatian politics today and tomorrow.
 For us all to look through what we are today and what we plan to do tomorrow - had been cited by media Suker after returning from his, yet the last financial journey in the United States. Success Suker&#39;s trip consisted of fresh and a half billion dollars of new debt, yielding 6.75 percent annually. Evil analysts translate the interest in dollars and calculated that Croatia for the loan for ten years to pay for about one billion dollars in interest, depending on the dollar exchange rate, which is today one of the historically lowest levels. Checkout the heads of the Buddha to dollar exchange rate increased as desired by the owners of U.S. debt, Croatia would be the arrival of credit for full payment of the total debt could more than double. Of course, this may or may not happen, but the whole story, except the minister and his superiors, few who saw it as confirmation of a successful financial policy. The budget deficit is not necessarily always a sign of poor management of public finances.
 When the minus goes as planned, in order to fund a specific short term goals will be to the benefit of the community, such an expense is justified. The art of balancing the budget surpluses and deficits is the key which identifies a good or bad Finance Minister. Why, then, the Croatian state budget in the red? To put it simply - because it long ago no one controls. That is because it is empty, and emptied it is not just a global crisis, but that was largely credited last two ministers of finance who have their own ambitions, along with his office completely subordinated the wishes of their bosses. Mato Crkvenac Racan and the party, Suker Sanader, clearly and strictly defined, but is now closely monitoring Jadranka Kosor sorts blowing on the proposals coming out of its circle of economic advisers. Wilkes amnesty Why the last two, called out just why John Suker and Mato Crkvenac and amnesty Borislav Wilkes who also filled the budget fulfilling wishes so far is probably the most demanding Franjo Tudjman&#39;s Croatian politician? Wilkes was not a saint.
 When he left, behind the former HDZ (Matešin, a fact Tudjman&#39;s) government has remained a heavy burden of insolvency and the almost complete halt in the payment of local government obligations. Impasse that is absurd, among other things created because an excellent Macroeconomist Wilkes is operated by the budget and directing the money towards the established primary goal. Today we can only speculate what would have happened with the Croatian economy 2000th that the HDZ has not lost the election. Maybe Wilkes and we remember the indisputable knowledge and economic talent. Perhaps the wave of insolvency indeed suppressed entrepreneurship in emerging. And it might, in a situation somewhat similar to the present, the VAT, which is today the fastest charger treasury Wilkes has developed additional mechanisms to suck money from the economy and fill the budget? And maybe he knew and redirect budget resources to the business, especially after the death of his employer and &quot;patron&quot; kind of had to Tudjman.
 