Belarus is in Eastern Europe, and extends east from the Polish border with Russia. In the south it borders with Ukraine and on the northwest with Latvia and Lithuania. Belarus is located at the turn of the German-Polish lowlands in Eastern Europe. Most of the lowland country with a temperate continental climate. After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. was stopped immigrating to the hitherto industrially and agriculturally the most developed Soviet republic. On the other hand, the severe economic crisis, which many interpreted the high dependence on Russia and slow. privatization of state enterprises, the mid-1990s, stopped. Belarus, although it is one of the few countries whose economy is dominated by state sector, one of the economically stable countries in the region and its citizens enjoy the highest living standards of all countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States. Contents [edit - edit] History of Slavs settled the area between present-day Belarus VI.
 and VIII. century. Former Eastern Slavs conquered Varjazima who established the first large-area countries of Eastern Europe - Russia Kijev. Within these states were located and the principality whose center was in today&#39;s Belarusian cities like Polack. In XIII. century after the Mongol invasion in which Kiev was destroyed to its foundations, Kievan Russia broke up into several principalities, and the principalities which were in Belarus, have entered into possession of the Great Principality of Lithuania. By XV. century, the principality will rapidly expand into eastern Europe and include the area from the Baltic to the Black Sea. 1386. in Poland and Lithuania entered into a union whereby Belarus the country are a part of Polish. Somewhat later, 1569th, come up to the unification of the two states that make up since the Polish-Lithuanian Union. The May Constitution of the 1791st (Considered the first modern European Constitution), Poland removes all previous divisions in the Principality and all united under the name Kingdom of Poland.
 But soon, but 1795th Russia, Prussia and Austria divided Poland among themselves, forcing the last Polish king Stanislaw August in the abdication. Belarus as the country went to Imperial Russia in the framework of which will remain until its dissolution 1917th During World War II, the country was under German occupation. For the first time the Belarusians declared its independence on 25 ožujka 1918th Belarusian People&#39;s Republic was declared. But soon, as a result of the occupation of the Red Army, 1 siječnja 1919th be declared a Soviet Socialist Republic of Belarus (later renamed the Belarusian Soviet Socialist Republic), which will in December 1922nd enter into the composition of the USSR. Western Belarus, according to the agreement in Riga is given to Poland, and will be returned to her 1939th Hitler and Stalin agreed to divide Polish. Twentieth year of the twentieth century, was the rapid industrialization of developing countries and agriculture, but also to have the continuation of forced Russification.
 Tens of thousands of citizens of Belarus, including intelligence, cultural and literary elite, to the ordinary farmers who opposed the idea of Stalin&#39;s collectivization were sentenced to be shot or sent to prison in Siberia. From the beginning of World War II, Belarus was occupied by the forces of Nazi Germany, which will retain power until 1945. Huge part of the country was killed in the war together with a large part of the population was killed during the German invasion. The Jewish population was also destroyed during the Holocaust. It was only in 1971. Belarus reached the pre-war population, while the Jewish population has never recovered. After the war, Belarus was one of 51 founding signatories of the Charter of the United Nations. Reconstruction that followed immediately after the war, has brought tremendous progress in the USSR and in that time, the Ukraine, Belarus was the most developed industrial center of the USSR.
 Creating new jobs and stimulate the increase in the number of immigrants from Russia. During Stalin&#39;s reign, the Russification was very strong and at key places in Soviet Belarus were located exclusively Russians from various parts of the USSR. Official use of the Belarusian language, together with the Belarusian tradition was also restricted by the Moscow (although today the Belarusian Russian an official language of the country, nearly all use only the Russian language). Even after Stalin&#39;s death, 1953rd, his successor Nikita Khrushchev continued with the idea of Russification, and even once said in Minsk: &quot;As soon before we all speak Russian, before we build communism.&quot; When the 26th April 1986. an explosion at a nuclear power plant near Chernobyl in neighboring Ukraine, Belarus suffered tremendous damage, because the radiation is spread right across its territory.
 At the time Mikhail Gorbachev launched perestroika, and in December of that same 1986th Belarusian citizens were handed over to him a petition in which they stated that their culture and traditions disappearing before their enforced Russification. This event is among historians remembered as a &quot;cultural Chernobyl&quot;. In July 1988th, was found in a mass grave from the time of Stalin&#39;s reign of terror in a wooded area Kurapaty. Some believe that the tomb of the key evidence of the intentions of the Soviet government thought-out genocide against the Belarusian people (like the Ukrainian is gladomorom). Belarusians they declared independence from the Soviet Union on 27 July 1990. and is internationally recognized as the Republic of Belarus 25th August 1991. It was at that time the head of the Belarusian Parliament or the Supreme Soviet of Belarus (then the most powerful office in the country) came Stanislav Šuškevič. Šuškevič together with the then new president of Russia Boris Yeltsin and Ukraine&#39;s Leonid Kravčukom meeting in December 1991.
 and officially released the collapse of the Soviet Union and the establishment of a new Commonwealth of Independent States with headquarters in Minsk. Since 1994. head of state is the current President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko by many circles in the West, especially in the U.S. (and partly by the European Union) described as &quot;the last European dictator,&quot; citing its suppression of media freedom and imprisonment of political opponents. Despite all this criticism, Lukashenko enjoys great popularity among the population of Belarus and was three times elected president. [Edit - edit] The historical symbolism of the white flag and red and white coat called &quot;Pagonja&quot; originally the symbol of the Great Principality of Lithuania, and later they were symbols of the People&#39;s Republic of Belarus from 1918. Although during the Soviet symbolism was prohibited, was used among the Belarusian Diaspora. Shortly before the collapse of the Soviet Union, the symbolism of the Belarusian national revival took to the first years of independence flag and coat of arms was officially recognized as symbolic of independent Belarus.
 Came to power, Alexander Lukashenko returned the old Soviet flag is almost unchanged and emblem (coat of arms BSSR The only difference is replaced by sickle and hammer in the outline of Belarus and the inscription on the tape BSSR was changed to the Republic of Belarus), and the old tricolor and Pagonja become symbols of democracy and against the current ruling regime Alexander Lukashenko. [Edit - edit] General information about Belarus [edit - edit] Geography Main article: Geography of Belarus, wetlands, forests and lakes in Belarus, the Russian Orthodox church in Brest, Belarus Belarus is not landlocked, relatively flat, and contains large areas of wetlands . Lakes and rivers are relatively widespread. The largest marsh territory is Polesija, which is among the largest wetlands in Europe. In Belarus there are 11 000 lakes, but most are less than 0.5 km ². The three largest rivers are the Neman, Pripjat, and Dnieper. Belarus&#39; highest point is 345 m, and the lowest point on the river Neman, 90 m.
 The climate ranges from harsh winters (average temperature of January in the range of -8 ° C to -2 ° C) to cold and wet summer (average temperature 15 ° C to 20 ° C). Forests cover about 34 percent of the total territory, and are among the most dominant natural resources of Belarus. Among other natural resources of Belarus are peat deposits, small quantities of oil and natural gas, followed by granite, limestone, dolomite and other minerals. Approximately one fifth of the territory mainly in the south-eastern areas continued to suffer the consequences of radioactive decay of nuclear disasters that occurred in Chernobyl, Ukraine 1986th [Edit - edit] Economy During its existence, the Soviet economy of Belarus is based on heavy industry, which will at the time of independence to lose a good portion of the market so that its part of the economy falling to 51% 1991st to 36% 1992nd year. Privatization, which will lead to devastation of the economy will be stopped in the second half of the nineties after the Belarus back economic system that has great similarities with the Soviet so that 80% of industry in state hands.
 After the East Asian economic crisis of 1998/99 years, Belarus has a GDP growth at annual rates between 8 and 10%. The basis of the high rates of growth shown in the chemical industry and heavy machinery, which in addition to various other benefits to the industrialized countries obtain cheaper energy for an agreement with Russia. The economic crisis of 2008/09 year has left its impact on the Belarusian economy for the first time 2009th there was a negative growth rate of -1%. Regardless of Belarus expects full recovery in 2010 and return to a growth rate of 10% from 2008 [1]. Regardless of these expectations Belarus has found itself in trouble in recent years to maintain its economy. The first of the controversial measures to make its industry continued to receive continued cheap energy becomes a majority stake sale in gas pipelines to Gazprom. Regardless of the &quot;help&quot; from 2006 due to declining exports Belarus has requested and got 2 and a half billion dollars of financial assistance MMFa late 2008.
  2) We fully in Asia, but has social and political ties with Europe. 3) Has a dependent or similar territories outside Europe. Member States of the Community of Independent States, Azerbaijan | Belarus | Georgia | Armenia | Moldova | Russia | Ukraine | Turkmenistan | Kyrgyzstan | Tajikistan | Uzbekistan | Kazakhstan | Retrieved from &quot;http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belorusija Categories: Belarus | Eastern Europe
 