Author: Augustin Palokaj Posted: 20.03.2010 Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor with a brooch in the shape of the Croatian welcomed colleagues from the region Brdo near Kranj - Leaders of the Western Balkans are from the hills near Kranj send a message to the European Union enlargement should keep as a priority, and we agreed to cooperate more with each other to make a path towards EU integration easier. Borut Pahor, Slovenian Prime Minister and President of the Croatian Cabinet Jadranka Kosor evaluated the summit at Brdo pri Kranju as the beginning of an extremely important process and urged the leaders of the region to have such express Kosor, &quot;more bit of courage.&quot; The message of this summit is &quot;strong, true and real support for Euro Atlantic path south-east Europe&quot;, said Kosor. Kosor was chosen for this opportunity to broach in the shape of Croatian who, recall, wore during the signing of the arbitration in November last year. RELATED NEWS News Comments While none of the participants in public appearances, did not mention the President of Serbia Boris Tadic, his absence was nevertheless among the major news of the summit.
 While some participants may have a somewhat understanding of Tadic, the bigger disappointment was the absence of the President of the EU Council of Herman Van Rompuy. As far as Tadic, from a source summit organizers to find out that absolutely everything done to Tadic came. Summit participants were invited personally, without the name of the country, without a formal function and no expiration of the state flag. The same sources say that Tadic accepted the idea of so-called Gynmi formula (how to organize informal meetings of the European Union), but later changed his mind. Some diplomatic sources in some EU countries even consider that Spain is in some way encouraged Serbia not to participate in this meeting in order to test which way the invite Kosovo at the Ministerial Conference of the EU - Western Balkans, which is held in early June in Sarajevo. The meeting was also attended by Kosovo Prime Minister Hashim Thaci, who declared that the attitude of his country to be &quot;dialogue, not a boycott.&quot;
 &quot;Kosovo is independent and Serbia has to adapt, otherwise it would boycott such meetings lasted a long time,&quot; said Hashim Thaci. From different sources it was learned that although he participated in the meeting, the hall went BiH Prime Minister Nikola Spiric when he began speaking of the Kosovo prime minister, because neither Bosnia and Herzegovina has not recognized Kosovo. But Spiric then returned and, as can be seen in the picture, sitting next to Thaci. Speaking of disagreements between the countries of the region, President of the Slovenian government Borut Pahor warned that even within the EU there is no unity on Kosovo, nor about the dynamics of the EU enlargement process. It is therefore important that the leaders have agreed to send a common message and the European Union and warned that the EU should engage more. Pahor&#39;s statement that many saw as a kind of criticism by the European Union. Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor in the conference notes a lot, according to her, what goes go beyond symbolism, for example, that the conference organized by EU and Slovenia and the country by the end of the year to complete negotiations for EU accession and the beginning of 2011.
 sign the accession treaty, Croatia. On behalf of the EU at a meeting attended only EU Enlargement Commissioner Stefan Fule. While I Fule told reporters that the meeting &quot;a step in the right direction, because all countries in the region one day be in the EU&quot;, the other participants have on several occasions cited the words of the commissioners that they should separate the solution of bilateral issues of road to EU membership . Were agreed and forms of cooperation, for example, Kosor and president Špirić agreed maintenance joint cabinet session Croatian and BiH. In the past Croatia has already held such meetings with the Government of Slovenia. Such meetings are good opportunities to address specific issues and go beyond the cooperation. &quot;Today&#39;s conference was marked not only the culture of dialogue, but also the culture of building because it is much easier to destroy than to build. We who have gathered around this table we have shown that building and nurturing a culture that we have opted for it permanently, &quot;concluded the Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor.
 Kosor announced that the Croatian government would soon hold a joint meeting with the government of Bosnia and Herzegovina, also as a proof of the necessary cooperation. It has been said and will soon be able to hold another Trilateralism between Kosoric Pahor, and Serbian President Tadic. Croatia made a CD compiled with EU legislation as proof that countries in the region can help each other, was the act when the Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor made a CD with the translations of the acquis communautaire in the Croatian language. These are about a hundred thousand pages of translation that has been spent around 8 million euros. It is said that there is a CD and President Tadic of Serbia. Number of recommendations: 31 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 