Chinese authorities have strongly criticized the U.S. company Google interruption censorship search, charging that he violated the promise he made when he began to operate in China. Beijing has announced that while the dispute with the company, Google will not affect Sino-American relations. Google has established a redirect users in China with your browser to Google.cn necenzurisani Google.com.hk site in Hong Kong, but Chinese authorities once again be tested to filter content on the go with hongkoškog server back to the user in Beijing, for example. So on 23 March was possible on the site Google.cn get some results if you type in Tiananmen, but when searching the Dalai Lama received a notice that there is a problem opening the side or to reset the connection. The decision of Google to effectively close your main browser Google.cn redirect the user to interpret Google.com.hk among experts as a very risky move, considering that the Chinese Internet market is the largest in the world and is growing 40 percent annually.
 Sounded and the White House, saying it was disappointed that Google and China failed to resolve disagreements. The Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that the latest move of Google just one isolated case of commercial companies, which will not affect Sino-American relations if it ispolitizuju else. The Chinese government will, as announced, to respond to the move of Google &quot;in accordance with the law.&quot; Chinese officials have already warned earlier that Google is violating a written promise given when entering the Chinese market - that will filter the results of search services. According to the Chinese authorities, Google charges the company for the attacks on his service from China were unfounded. In Beijing, the individuals have already begun to leave bouquets of flowers in front of the headquarters of Google, thanks to its principled. On the occasion of a dispute Google&#39;s China, they advertise and international organizations for human rights and freedoms, the Committee to Protect Journalists in New York expressed the hope that it will move the world largest search engines increase the pressure on the Chinese government to allow citizens to access all news and information you want .
 Reporters Without Borders called the strong move of Google and said that it should be followed by other internet companies, which had to comply with Chinese censorship rules in order to obtain a license to operate in China. Google had previously announced the possibility of total withdrawal from the Chinese market, but now says it will continue to research, development and sale in China, where it is situated about 700 from a total of approximately 20,000 employees and U.S. companies. For now no plans to remove any employees in Hong Kong. Although Google can be searched in Hong Kong, some users have decided to boycott it. So the internet company Tom Online Inc., owned by the richest man in Hong Kong - billionaire Li Ka-shing, has ceased to use the Google search in protest at his refusal to comply with Chinese laws. Google&#39;s second popularosti search in China, after rival Baidua.
 Google in 2000. he began to develop in the Chinese language search engine, and launched it in 2006. year, accepting censorship. Last year, China blocked access to YouTube website, which is owned by Google. (SEEcult.org)
 