Can someone of you explain the term knowledge is not a commodity? It is true that the bad thing is now looking solely at knowledge as something that can produce profits, but that&#39;s another alternative? You can not escape from this state of affairs and the bread must be earned. Mjau 25/1/10 09:12 &quot;If production is the foundation of the exploitation carried out by the capital, change the mode of production means to change the manner of exploitation, rather than its disappearance.&quot; Wednesday 25/1/10 @ 10:12 Anonymous: On the one hand, knowledge is not a commodity but a public good as that of the educated population benefits the entire society and not just individuals. On the other hand, when referring to that &quot;knowledge is not a commodity&quot; has in mind primarily the access to knowledge through the public education system, which is funded with public money, why charge for the acquisition of knowledge means twice charged the same thing. Of course, that the bread must be earned, slogan &quot;knowledge is not a commodity&quot; does not mean that every person should be given their knowledge for free, but to every person access to knowledge acquisition through.
 * public education system should be provided free of charge. Therefore, teachers in elementary and secondary schools receive a salary for their work, although children do not pay for attendance at public educational institutions. Otherwise, if knowledge really is a commodity, why not charge him in the primary and secondary schools, since there you acquire knowledge and skills that will &quot;produce a profit? No pay, of course, because the public education system, and citizens have already paid for and pay allocations from each of their salaries. On the other hand, state universities are also part of the public education system, but believes that they should be paying extra, because they allow the achievement of higher levels of education, that individual will be profitable later utržiti. What is also (conveniently) ignored is the fact that if an academic citizen pofitabilnije &quot;sell&quot; their education to be parallel to mean higher taxes for the state, which is why the state actually pays to invest in the education of society (not to mention other advantages such as higher competitiveness, productivity and so on).
 So, again we are back to the fact that the &quot;public&quot; education system, financed by all citizens and would therefore be all and should be available some time dvvaputa billing. Anonymous 25/1/10 19:42 again with these Dave Marx. Fuck you and David Harvey, Marx! Curkovic bitch! Anonymous 26/1/10 13:02 Did you even read the text, debilu? di Marx mentioned except in the graphite from the beginning? Anonymous 26/1/10 19:02, so Marx trickles through the entire text, and this millenary prostite torture to him. Why not publish data on the number of professional projects that students of philosophy to report today and reported that several years ago? how much damage these radicals still need to create before they are finally kicked out of college? Anonymous 27/1/10 03:33 someone should Eject from the Faculty, because he does not agree with you? and what it projects? I nisan with philosophical and do not know. Anonymous 27/1/10 3:50 ingenious Definitions &#39;millennialism&#39;, I must say every criticism that refuses to see capitalism as an unquestionable social horizon (ie
 production) relations. regardless of how much criticism was analytically and historically funded. after such a set &#39;frame debate&#39; call on &#39;eject radicals&#39; from the faculty there as a pure bonus. clean in case someone has not figured highly democratic consequences of consistent defense. and all that it is in the name of &#39;professional projects&#39; in defense of academic standards. since the publication of critical (akademskih!) texts, such as by David Harvey of course can not be anything other than a direct attack on an otherwise high level of professional competence. Anonymous 27/1/10 11:54 David Harvey (born 1935, Gillingham, Kent, England) is the Distinguished Professor of Anthropology at the Graduate Center of the City University of New York (CUNY). A leading social theorist of international standing, he received his PhD in Geography from University of Cambridge in 1961st Widely influential, he is among the top 20 most cited authors in the humanities.
 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Harvey_% 29% 28geographer Anonymous 27/1/10 14:51 jel to seljober from livna angry? Anonymous 27/1/10 18:42 haha now has crossed the racist dining, beautifully Anonymous 27/1/10 22:19 am seljober you, you idiot. if you really intended to offend someone, give a couple of fucking arguments, which would be desirable to relate to his work, and not the alleged source. Anonymous 28/1/10 10:40 Because of these wanna-be Marxist School suffered damage, it disturbs the teaching process, degrades his reputation - these are things that ringleaders would definitely be out from school (if any still studying) or in jail. The overall effect on student activities is a negative - if someone with the faculty came equipped with any such knowledge to work and create, then to students who were active in student professional projects that philosophy once proud but now it has hardly anyone knows how good.
 A Harvey can be directly prophet in my opinion, it will not make his texts are not saturated with the kind of popular Marxism, which has become a modern publicists when they want to see that earnings due to inflation of stories about the economic crisis in the media such a discourse has passed. I have no doubt that the number of its citations to grow for some time, science has never been immune to fashion. Anonymous 28/1/10 11:32 Millenarianism (also Millenarisme) is the belief by a religious, social, or political group or movement in a coming major transformation of society, after Which all things will be changed. Millenarian groups claim that the current society and its rulers are corrupt, unjust, or otherwise wrong. They therefore believe they will be destroyed soon by a powerful force. The harmful nature of the status quo is always considered intractable without the anticipated dramatic change.
 In some who held Medieval millenarianism the world was seen as controlled by demons and even up to the nineteenth century Chinese millenarianism used something like this motif, but with &quot;demon&quot; having a slightly different cultural connotation. In the modern world economic rules or vast conspiracies are seen as generating oppression. Only dramatic change will change the world and change will be brought about, or survived, by a group of devout and dedicated. In most millenarian scenarios, the disaster or battle to come will be followed by a new, purified world in Which the true believers will be rewarded. Millenarian beliefs have been claimed as causes for people to ignore conventional rules of behavior, Which can result in violence directed Inwards (such as mass suicides) and / or outwards (such as terrorist acts). It sometimes includes a belief in supernatural powers or predetermined victory.
 Millenarian ideologies or religious sects sometimes appear in oppressed peoples, with prominent examples being early Christianity, the 19th Century Ghost Dance movement, and the 19th and 20th Century Cargo Cults. In politics, millenarianism is often, but by no means always, linked to radical ideologies that share a similar belief in a transformation of society. These can be based in secular or religious ideas. Anonymous 28/1/10 13:34 degrades the reputation of the college hahhahahahhaha that reputation, reputation pronevjeritelja money from professional projects? silly. Anonymous 28/1/10 19:16 nothing is more effective than argument kopipejsta with Wikipedia. So if there writes (or at least implied) that Marxism is a continuation of medieval millennialism other, barely modified, funds, where the fuck is with the analysis and arguments. Anonymous 30/1/10 8:50 Marxist theory is not a continuation of medieval millennialism, but your activist sentiments certainly are.
 Anonymous 30/1/10 16:34 Best hot dog is a bit cynical as you are. This is the safest position. And while the samozavaravat frivolities of &quot;prenapuhavanju crisis.&quot; Dad has a good salary, so you do not touch what others have neither money nor a job, right? Anonymous 31/1/10 23:57 Daddy has a good salary, so you do not touch what others have neither job nor money, right? Your there, so the whole world now unfairly edited? Or there, so trying to build identity in opposition to him? Anonymous 19/2/10 15:24 people, do you think that this &quot;anonymous&quot; is actually a person with bipolar disorder? Post a comment if you comment as an unregistered user, please select the option &quot;NAME / URL&quot; and enter a name, the URL can be left blank. User comments can be registered here. General instructions and guidelines related to commenting on the page Free Philosophy and rules to delete comments can be found here.
 The views expressed in the comments are statements of individuals and do not reflect the official views of the editorial page or a plenum FFZG. The comments are allowed HTML tags, and.
 