See the complete statement of the Bank Constantina Cesnovara TV Swiss franc since mid-December last year a trend of strengthening against the euro, and the curse, and has recently recorded a record level in the last seven years. Such a growth rate gave a headache many citizens who have loans in francs. Executive Director of the Treasury Hypo Alpe-Adria Bank Cesnovar Constantin told the TV that the bank loan possible replacement if the customer wants it, but it also results in additional costs due to the opening and closing in different currencies. According to data from the CNB in September last year at the system level remained about 19 percent of loans in Swiss francs of the total foreign currency loans which is a significant reduction from 27 percent the percentage was the 2007th year, said Cesnovar. Namely, the Croatian Bank two years ago &quot;dropped&quot; from the supply of loans in Swiss francs. Some banks were skeptical from the beginning for them, and the Croatian National Bank (CNB) has warned of the risks, but the Swiss have experienced a period of great popularity due to favorable interest rates.
 When the market turned its second face and the franc strengthened, with levels of 1.60 to 1.50 to 1.45 level, the bank allowed the conversion of loans denominated in, but not all take advantage of this opportunity. The main reason for the strengthening of the Swiss franc is a better state of the Swiss economy in relation to the European Union, explained Cesnovar. Latest indicators show a reduced possibility of deflation and show an increase in exports in Switzerland, and behaves accordingly, and Swiss central bank has decided that its intervention will now concentrate on slowing the appreciation of domestic currency. So the bank first April, when the exchange rate of EUR / CHF broke strongly from the 1.4200 level, a large volume of intervention to halt the trend and restore the course to the level of 1.4400. In case of further strengthening the stronger central bank will again use the possibility of such intervention, said Cesnovar. However, it seems to change some currency strength is not affected by changes in the structure of savings in our banks.
 Croats, despite the stability of the kuna, the traditional saving in foreign currencies, primarily the euro. At this point it is not realistic to expect significant changes in the structure of the savings, said Cesnovar but he added that the observed differences in currency savings in the Croatian regions. For example, Dalmatians save more in dollars, as a large number of seafarers their income earned in foreign ships. &quot;Any progress can be expected from institutional investors, but it would have relatively little impact on overall savings,&quot; said Cesnovar. At this point the recovery euro is under considerable pressure because of large deficits and problems with financing the debt of some European Union countries, among them Greece. Weakening of the euro in recent years has caused the most delays with resolving the problems of Greek and still vaguely defined framework in which to Greece to help overcome the crisis. &quot;The market is currently monitors developments in Greece as well as in some other countries (notably Spain and Portugal) and is most affected by the current exchange rate EUR / USD.
 Every positive step in further addressing the situation in Greece is likely to result in the strengthening of the euro against the dollar, &quot;he concluded Cesnovar.
 