Crisis taxes should not be abolished simply because each tax necessary evil, so you should use every opportunity to reduce this burden. And not just because it has been announced as a &#39;temporary measure&#39;, so politically it &#39;fair&#39; to abolish it as soon as possible. There are two good reasons. In theory, one should avoid direct taxes. These are taxes on factors of production (eg labor, capital) and they have immediate negative effects on economic activity. Emergency tax is likely to have had such an effect. He belongs to a class of direct taxes which has been with us too much anyway. Indirect taxes (the most famous among them is the VAT) in theory should not have such negative effects. Furthermore, the introduction of the crisis of taxes was an important signal that the state can keep its finances without additional taxation. That is why this move had a very negative psychological effects. Following the same logic, the elimination of this tax could have a positive psychological impact and convince people that the budget is stabilized.
 Citizens of such a signal could stimulate consumption, and entrepreneurs to invest. However, three factors indicate the potential damage from the crisis brzopletog abolition of taxes. First, the budgetary expenditures continue to rise, it would reduce revenue dangerously increase the fiscal deficit. Secondly, there is still no one knows how much it will cost taxpayers privatization of shipbuilding - activate the warranty will also increase the need for government financing. Third, Greece is again complicated by the crisis situation with the financing in international capital markets. Three factors may threaten the stability of government finances and therefore they can not drop out of sight when you are thinking about reducing the tax crisis. 1st Expenditures growing from the Ministry of Finance announced that the budget expenditures in January 2010. amounted to 9.6 billion or even 9.1 percent higher than in January 2009. Jump expenditures in January to justify the late payment of subsidies.
 It is acceptable if such delay was not last year. However, such a high growth of expenditure in terms of crisis is an unexpected occurrence. Unfortunately, detailed statistics are published only for the first 11 months of last year. We are forced to tap out in the dark based on old data. But they say something. The budget is in the first 11 months of 2009. (Compared with 11 months 2008) rising 5.1 percent or an additional 5.2 billion. Even 5.6 billion was the overall effect of increasing public sector wages and social benefits. About 800 million or seven times less was the effect of increasing expenditure on interest (as interest rates rose last year) and increasing subsidies (mainly agriculture). The greatest reduction has been achieved on capital expenditures - the state is almost do not invest. Therefore, anyone who still bravely about the need to reduce government expenditure has to say whether to reduce wages or employment in the public sector, spending on pensions and healthcare.
 Everything else is nuance. This government obviously has no intention to reduce key costs. Everything was thrown from the factor of time. As time passes, so the statistically recorded growth in expenditures compared to last year, all lower, and of these 9.1 percent in January exception that will not happen again so soon. Expenditures will become &#39;flatter&#39; in comparison to last year, the Government will continue to bet on it that this year should come to an economic recovery and improved charging budget. In such a scenario would actually tax crisis could be terminated at the end of the year, although it is likely to move tempirati so do not forget until the next election. The alternative is - now get reduction in wages and rights in the public sector and reduce taxes. But who has the political strength to do that? 2nd Warranties shipbuilders government could bet on the second option, and now repealed tax crisis, but he does not touch on the key expenditure.
 Such a move the government bet on the awakening of optimism and spending, which could contribute to the growth and activity of filling the budget. However, in such a scenario would increase the deficit in the short term. As the Croatian fiscal deficit in this crisis, one of the smallest in Europe, increased to finance the deficit could probably there&#39;s no guarantee shipbuilders, who as a Damocles sword hanging over the state treasury. In the second round of privatization of the shipyard entered the commitment of the Government to take over payment guarantees. The public has speculated with the amounts of two to 12 billion. I have not seen any public and credible analysis that would show what really are the risks of activation of guarantees to shipbuilding. The fact indicates that the financial risks are not small and that any additional capacity for funding should be retained for exceptional circumstances to activate warranty. Accordingly, (i) the tax is paid fifteen to crisis delays in restructuring the shipbuilding sector.
 We should not cry over spilled milk, but it should draw lessons: what are stored under the carpet in good times, bad turns in a skeleton from the closet. 3rd Greek News is a state of disarray in global financial markets is an additional argument in favor of the proposition that the abolition of taxes reasonably wait for a crisis. After stabilization and recovery in the second half of last year, the Greek syndrome this year reduced appetite for risk. Markets are closed now and could be financed by a higher release of Croatian government bonds, but the question is at what price. Each fiscal adventurism would be irresponsible until Unraveling the Greek cross, and the global financial situation does not improve, and permanently secure the spring funding. We do not want to put in a situation that depends on the vagaries of world financial markets, as early 2009. year. Then virtually all hung by a thread, a default had been germinating on a daily basis.
 Should never forget that the road to hell is paved with good wishes. This is especially true when it comes to state finances. In this situation we are brought because the majority of the citizens of our country is grown or at least nurtured a deep conviction that the state, ie government intervention in the almighty, investments, initiating projects, market regulation, social insurance, incentives, and who knows what is not. Now pay (high) price of such mistakes and their pathetic performance. In such a situation is most important to the anger and rashness does not fall below two floors with the shaky beams on which the earthquake is still holding firm. The topic of the crisis to reduce taxes again to return in June. Then it will be much clearer.
 