What was even fifteen years ago it seemed almost impossible, very soon will become a reality. China is seriously preparing to enter with great strides in a very Probrano Society of countries that are able to build and use the aircraft carriers and even the most demanding - supernosače with nuclear propulsion. In late March 2007. The South Korean weekly Hankyoreh, which is in Seoul, the press and in English, published the news which is quite disturbed by the military and political circles in the Far East and southeast Asia. The number of 27 March 2007. The Hankyoreh has released news that the Chinese military and political leadership decided on the commencement of the last preparations for the construction of its first 93 000 ton aircraft carriers with nuclear propulsion project under the working title 085th In addition, sources of The Hankyoreh, citing sources close to Chinese military tops, also confirmed the existence of a plan to build a 48 000 ton, conventional-powered aircraft carrier that is water under the working title Project 089th
 A Chinese purchases of old Soviet Kiev class helicopter carriers, as well as long ago (1985). Your old Australian carrier Melbourne, a lot has been written in recent years. Few could believe the Chinese claims that the ships that were once Soviet naval flagship to become a floating casinos and exhibits in the exhibition center quickly to booming velegradovima the Chinese coast. Chinese shipbuilding experts for years have been carefully studied every detail of construction of those ships and preparing to use the acquired knowledge and applications on their own projects. When he bought six years ago Varjag, second and last of a series of ships Kuznetsov class that is in the Ukrainian shipyard in Nikolajevska tied and waiting for departure in an unfinished breaker &#39;s yards - it was quite clear that the Chinese are preparing for something new, the next step in the development of their surface naval forces.
 Before the fall of the USSR Varjag was not completed until some 40 - 45% of the new Russian authorities have given it simply Ukraine. On it were built propulsion system, sensor systems or weapons systems. After successful negotiations with Ukraine, the ship was sold to China. The Chinese then had to lead a long and difficult negotiations (for a period of 15 months) with Turkey to the ship was allowed to leave the Black Sea and passing through the Bosporus and the Dardanelles into the Mediterranean. After towing around Africa, across the Indian Ocean and South China Sea, the ship in 2002. was towed to China and since then has been working intensively on it, modify and modernize. According to the predictions of many analysts carrier should be operational by end-2010. or mid-2011th The Chinese supply the former Soviet carrier Kiev, Minsk and Varjag, who instead ended up in the South Korean breaker &#39;s yards repair shipyard in China wrote a number of Croatian soldiers in the 54 months from October 2005.
 year. Aircraft carriers - China&#39;s strategic necessity in the West have long been known to Chinese efforts to transform its navy from a coastal regional maritime forces, the navy is capable to go out in the open ocean and deep projecting its power in the Pacific and the Indian Ocean Protection of national economic, military and political interests. Rapidly growing Chinese economy, trade surplus and huge foreign reserves that are justified in claiming that they were already a few years ago passed an amount of one trillion U.S. dollars, and cheap labor, have enabled China to the vast financial resources directed towards their armed forces - in their modernization, national development, but also in buying modern weapons and weapon systems. List of countries with which China has a very successful military cooperation in the field of military technology transfer is high. At its peak, above all Russia, Israel, France, Pakistan, etc.
 To the Chinese economy could continue its rapid growth as it has in the past decade and a half, as is inevitable, the need to be such a giant economy of scale and the largest single market of the world (more than a billion and half people - consumers) provide regular and stable supply of energy: crude oil, coal and natural gas. Since oil is the main energetic - is necessary to secure the sea lines of slocate and where it is from the Persian Gulf delivered to Chinese ports. The conclusion is logical: it can only provide a powerful navy, which will be its strong fleet of surface ships and submarines, and its air component, and with the support of strategic mobility forces will be a guarantor of Chinese tankers on their way to the Gulf water wells and return to domestic oil terminals for loading. In addition China has in the past twenty years, patiently and thoroughly built friendly and economic relations with many African countries, while spending a huge amount of money in their national economy, or they send generous humanitarian assistance.
 As a result, the Chinese investment in the black continent that measure tens of billions of U.S. $, insurance and strategic raw materials required the Chinese economy and the market. Friendly relations between China and African countries entered the 2009th in quality new and significant phase of organizing big international summit China - Africa, held in Beijing, where he participated in over 50 African countries. The general framework of China&#39;s efforts to secure and protect its military lines of energy flow, should be added to the cooperation with Pakistan in the project construction and modernization of port facilities in the port of Gwadar, which lies only some sixty miles from the Iranian border and the entrance to the Persian Gulf. It is quite certain that the bow shall be used only Chinese tankers and other merchant ships on their way to the Gulf or Europe, but there will be a part of the port facilities to be available and naval forces of China. Another similar example of the rumors that have been in the past few years, several times appeared mainly in the American press by which the Chinese Thailand offered to build a maritime canal across its territory to connect the Indian Ocean and South China Sea.
 In addition to the waterway would significantly shorten the time between China on one side and Africa and the Persian Gulf on the other hand, this brought to the fairway and long benefits of China. Firstly, China should obtain your own fairway without danger to its line of slocate and stop oil supply to pass False. In addition, there is a present and severe economic profit, which would be shared with China from Thailand would pay the freight ships that sailed thence. At this moment, only the third reason why the priority in China to build a modern aircraft carrier is imposed as a necessary strategic needs, is the question of Taiwan. If the government Tajpeiu declared independence from China (which this island has 65 years considers its &quot;breakaway&quot; province) by China is very likely would not hesitate from using military force. After all, in the southern Chinese provinces, as opposed to Taiwan are already stationed a large force of Chinese armed with the latest military weapons and combat systems in recent generations.
 The only factor that the powerful military force for the time being not available is direct support for its own fleet, on the other - the south-east of Taiwan. And there, in the open Pacific is the most powerful naval forces of the world - the U.S. Navy, which certainly will not passively observe međukineski armed conflict and the potential operation of conquering Taiwan. Developmental pathway used to move the Chinese Navy in the last fifteen years is almost unprecedented in recent history. Chinese shipyards have built a very large variety of surface ships and podmomica. Now it must be said that in recent years the shipyard slipways dominated prototype versions of new classes of destroyers such as Luyang 1/Type 052B, 051C and 1/Type Luyang Luyang 2/Type 052C, and frigates as Type 054A, equipped with modern combat and sensor systems, very comparable with similar systems of Western origin.
 Besides a modern floating units - modified class destroyers Sovremenij were bought in Russia, which supplied them, except China and modern diesel-electric Kilo-class submarines. Regardless of the fact that the Chinese shipbuilding and mechanical engineering are not yet able to begin mass production of large modern ships, it is an undeniable fact is that Chinese engineers and technicians have mastered almost all the secrets and technologies necessary to design and build the most complicated of the vessels. That statement, in which many a few years ago suspected, was confirmed at the moment when he launched the first Chinese-amphibious assault ship LHD-type, working under the designation 071 and is now in operational service of the Chinese Republic. Even more, announced the construction of a new and larger LHD Landing Ship improved performance under the work designation 082nd Both projects are based on the latest knowledge and standards that apply to such ships.
 Can embark 800-1000 Marines, 20-30 and 60-80 tanks armored vehicles. In addition to have a large landing capabilities that support the 10-15 helicopters and several landing craft, which includes and, submersible stern. &quot;After the achievements of the Chinese shipbuilding industry, many military analysts agree in saying that in general no longer be doubt that China is ready and able to build its own aircraft carriers. Actually, the real question is whether China can build such ships - but when it will happen. There is no doubt - very soon. introducing the first LHD ships in operational service of the Chinese National Liberation Navy will begin the third phase of what will be China definitely try to define not only more like a continental power, but also as a maritime power, with the strong possibility of ocean activities and projection of force. Now Chinese RM for the first time gets very, tangible &quot;opportunities for First Phase of Transformation of Chinese naval power in the ocean by Many analysts successfully absolved.
 A combination of purchase of surface combat vessels and podmorničarskih in Russia and the domestic production of the same, it was confirmed that China can build a combat fleet on the ocean will be able to defend their capital ships. The construction of LHD amphibious ships and their introduction into operational use was confirmed by the strategic maturity and readiness for the next - the third phase, which imposes a logical continuation of the first two: the construction of aircraft carriers. Purchased Russian aircraft carrier Ulyanovsk project back for a moment again the Korean newspaper The Hankyoreh published by the argument (citing Chinese sources) that China bought from Russia project documents recently started and never finished the first true Soviet / Russian aircraft carrier in the nuclear-powered Ulyanovsk . Since the standard displacement of the Soviet carrier was 65 000, a full displacement 75 000 tons, it is obvious that the original project has suffered some modifications by which the vessel is extended to in his hangars could accommodate as many aircraft and on the upper deck and , the island of &quot;sensory equipment and combat systems in recent generations.
 According to the same article the construction of aircraft carriers will be apparently assigned to the Chinese State shipbuilding corporation, or its Jiangnan shipyard located on the island of Chang-xing near Shanghai. When (if) is built, the first Chinese nuclear carrier will be in its external dimensions and the displacement is comparable to recent U.S. carriers. Just to note, the USS Ronald Reagan has a full displacement of 97 000 tonnes. The introduction of this carrier in the composition of China&#39;s RM is planned for 2020. year. In accordance with these plans, reconstruction and equipping non-nuclear carrier (ex-Soviet Varjaga) flows unabated pace since it was towed to China so far. His planned installation by end-2010. or to mid-2011th (Which is actually very close to the deadline) is really just a transitional phase in the process of gaining experience and technical verification carried out modifications in the shipyard in Dalian, which will certainly apply to new nuclear carrier.
 This, the second of the series Kuznetsov class carrier, has a standard displacement of 48 000 tonnes and a maximum displacement of 64 000 tonnes. On it will be able to bring the latest version of the deck fighter J-10, but it is quite certain that the same as a nuclear carrier can safely handle and 10-20 deck of Russian fighters Su-33, and several helicopters. There is no doubt that the Chinese maritime navigation began to fit into a well structured mosaic image. Since the late eighties there has been substantial efforts to increase shipbuilding capacity, equipping and deepening ports (such as those in Zhean-jiang which is supposed to be the base of the first Chinese support), training of military pilots who were in the desert in western China practiced landing and taking off from the deck of the old Melbourne because it is a reflection of sunlight from the desert sand is very similar to the reflection of the sea surface. All this proves that the idea of building your own aircraft carrier, and his successors never abandoned.
 To this end, there was a reconciliation between the so-called. podmorničarske power and advocates the construction of aircraft carriers. Time has shown that the words of Chinese Admiral Liu Huanqinga that will not die with eyes closed if China does not obtain itself aircraft carriers were not forgotten. To really understand what the Chinese have bought from Russia, it might give a brief overview of the development of ideas and project implementation aircraft carrier (aircraft) in Soviet / post-Soviet period so far. What to say instead of a conclusion? The arms race in the Far East and Indian Ocean has entered into overdrive. While India is committed to patient by all indications with its own built submarine with nuclear propulsion to obtain the lease from Russia two nuclear-powered submarines and the first to build its own aircraft carrier - People&#39;s Republic of China will obviously after the reconstruction and installation of former and current Varjaga Shang-Lia very quickly start to build a nuclear aircraft carrier in unrealized Russian project.
 When ten days ago, &quot;fresh&quot; and promoted the youngest general of Chinese armed forces, Mao Xinji (30 years or grandson of Mao Tse Tung) in a well-designed media appearances confirmed that China is moving in the project implementation of nuclear aircraft carriers, naval headquarters in many Southeast Asian lit the red light. The Pentagon plans for those Chinese already ringing the alarm!
 