Lufthansa Boeing like a white feather gently descended over Johannesburg, captain &#39;overboard&#39; sent a message: &quot;We arrived, all the fans want to rejoice their winning team, and that when the next month plays only football.&quot; Hunches and prejudices, could be the slogan of millions of players, coaches, officials, fans, journalists, politicians, businessmen who are in June and early July, decided to spend the last African elevation. Six years ago the world of politics has been called the first man football and Sepp Blatter announced his decision: &quot;SP 2010. Shall receive South Africa. Do you know how!&quot; Blatter is nearby sweat, it was his most difficult task, work with which will be either a Lieutenant or deceased. In the far south of the globe was waiting for him 40 million dark-skinned people who have for centuries &#39;knelt on corn&#39;, which are rich Europeans (mainly British and Dutch) &#39;held in chains,&#39; and it being built.
 But the wheel of history could not be stopped, the martyr Nelson Mandela won the long war, a South Africa football summit. Unfortunately, changing the &#39;power suit&#39; power dark-skinned, RSA has not brought anything good. Dark-skinned and are still poor, crime and corruption, galloping growth. Whites, which is less, and still have equity in the hands of the gap, unfortunately, will never evaporate over the two oceans. But football (sadly not in the case meeting the BBB and Torcida) still has miraculous power to at least a month change. I realized at the time when it hosted the tournament&#39;s opening goal scored premier, dark-skinned aunts and skinny white men in yellow shirts were in a bundle. Picture by themselves could not dream, you see, happened at the time of the football enthusiasm. - Want a drink? Everything is free! - Shouted the staff of my hotel in Port Elizabeth while celebrating. Convenient beginning, I thought, instead of &#39;spears, knives and long fingers&#39; greeted me welcome drink.
 - Do you want water, did you get the statistics, you have electricity? - Were questions that have a lower that I was almost embarrassed. Politeness and friendliness of our people actually could serve as a matrix of how they should behave djeatnici Croatian restaurant, specially during the summer on the Adriatic. &quot;And while the front of my house, second only balun played, me and my band are constantly African rhythm of beer. The soul and body only Africa we stayed. Africa it is my will, like Africa, threw the world&quot;, I remembered the wonderful poetry of Dino Dvornik . Yes, Africa was given the opportunity, the World Cup are all very pleased. However stadiums are sold out, but the atmosphere is right soccer, friendly. Eto, hunches and prejudices are slowly disappearing, and my white and black Africa today to hug and kiss. So how many survive ...
 