Bosnia and Herzegovina and one of the oldest settlements in Europe with the continuity of life. With the great tradition of tolerance, Tuzla is the only town in Bosnia where the nationalist forces are not claimed victory in the first local elections. Today, the town of Tuzla with his transition problems, but more and more into a university center, with one of the best clinics in the region. But beneath the surface of accumulating problems. And it quite literally. Salt mines for decades formed the basis of the economy. Now many of them abandoned, but the cracks beneath the city center for many historical buildings. The city is slowly but surely sinking and crumbling houses. Tuzla salt remnant of the old Pannonian Sea, and the name of the city derives from the Turkish word for salt. And while the Turks have traded salt, since 1950 by the exploitation of urban wealth grows uncontrollably. Although today, the salt is no longer taken out, the consequences are visible at every step in the city.
 Most old houses in the city center have been replaced with new ones. Here and there are older buildings, and collapse of walls can be observed in the Attic or colored mosque, one of the most famous in Tuzla. In the center of Tuzla is raised pavement, and how the city of tone, so the city government has built up the stairs in the streets and squares which can be seen in the picture above. In many buildings the front door because they raise the tone of the building and construction projects are trying to strengthen the foundations. Therefore, the University of Tuzla has decided to use funds NATO Science for Peace and Security Department to investigate the possibility of stopping this problem. NATO is helping by providing the necessary equipment, such as GPS equipment and geophysical devices which scientists are trying to diagnose problems and move towards solutions. As NATO requires the cooperation of scientists from državečlanice, to help the rescue and scientists from the University of Bari and Bologna.
 Vedran Obućina vedran.obucina @ opsa.hr EURO-ATLANTIC WEEKLY Organization for promoting North-Atlantic integration (OPSA)-w ww. the dog. en-OPSA @ opsa.hr
 