The new strategic document of NATO will talk about strengthening relationships with countries like South Korea and Japan Photo: Associated Press on Friday and Saturday in Lisbon held the NATO summit. Presidents and prime ministers of 28 member states will discuss - among other - on two key issues: the future of the alliance mission in Afghanistan. The summit will define a new strategic concept, which should express the transformation through which the Atlantic Alliance. Last &#39;strategic concept&#39;, was adopted 11 years ago. Experts believe that it is time to define the new that will set new goals and responsibilities of NATO, in a world that is in the last decade have dramatically changed. Robert Hunter, former U.S. Ambassador to NATO, said that the strategic concept outline the role of NATO in the near future, &quot;Firstly, there is an emphasis on mutual assistance in the defense, in accordance with Article five founding document of NATO.
 This is the principle of &#39;all for one, one for all&#39;. There is not a defense of territory, but about the challenges that may arise in different places and different times. For example, terrorism and cross border crime. Mention will be on energy security plan. Crime in cyberspace will also be an important issue. &quot;The new strategic document for the NATO alliance will talk about strengthening relationships with countries like South Korea and Japan. The new &#39;strategic concept&#39; is analyzed my past few months a group of experts, headed by Madeleine Albright was, Former U.S. Secretary of State. Sean Key, an expert on NATO, who teaches at Ohio Wesleyan University, expects that the document would be pretty watered down. &quot;I worked on the last such document. They are set very low goals, such is the language used in them, just so that all members agreed on its text.
 And now the text is affected by almost thirty states. &quot;At a summit in Lisbon, will speak about the mission in Afghanistan, where today about 130 000 soldiers of NATO. The mission has three objectives. The first is to help local authorities to restore and stabilize the country. More the goal is training the Afghan army and police. The third objective is choking the Taliban rebellion in the south. Robert Hunter says that the future strategic concepts associated with the mission in Afghanistan. &quot;In Europe there is almost a consensus that they may not need to go on a mission which resembled this in Afghanistan. I think that even in America there is no appetite for doing so. NATO now must decide that after Afghanistan, what is its purpose. However, the determination of goals and strategies affecting the final outcome of the mission in Afghanistan. And what will it be, we know only a few years. &quot;Kay agrees with this assessment.&quot; The fact that the United States had to send reinforcements to Afghanistan of about 30 000 soldiers, saying that NATO is not in the mission acted as expected .
 If NATO is unable to respond to these challenges, then it raises questions about its future strategic concept. &quot;It is not expected that the European states provide additional forces for the Afghan mission. Is expected to ask NATO members in Afghanistan to send more military trainers who would work with the Afghan army. This would be consistent sis searches the government of Afghanistan, which has set 2014. as time its power to assume primary responsibility for security of the country.
 