PARIS - While the French government and unions dug in their positions, the refinery strike entered its second week yesterday, and France was reached for the oil stocks which has for 98 days, and denial of pension reform include the operators and truck. The interior ministry announced a meeting of &quot;inter-ministerial crisis center&quot; which will discuss the shortage of fuel in the country, reports AFP. The government does not give the Agency adds that the inner cabinet meeting on fuel supply has held the country&#39;s president Nicolas Sarkozy, who in spite of strikes and blockades do not give up his pension reform increase retirement age from 60 to 62 years. Reuters carries estimates of the International Energy Agency (IEA), which oversees the strategic oil stocks in OECD countries and that France has a stock for 98 days and already it draws. &quot; However, in their positions have been buried and the powerful French unions, which enjoy the support of the opposition Left and announcing that it will mobilize the workers to verify a general strike for today, the day the Senate to vote on the new pension law.
 French Prime Minister Francois Fillon has repeatedly insisted that reform will be &quot;voted&quot; in spite of &quot;social crisis&quot;. Left turn regrets the intransigence of government and calls for dialogue, said the Socialists. &quot;This is a decisive week,&quot; said a spokesman for the Socialist Benoit Hamon and urged the French people should protest in peace and not allow themselves to be abused strictness of government. The strikes against pension reforms have expanded last week to 12 French refineries and built on a three-week strike at the largest French oil port of Fos Lavera in Marseille, where workers are on strike against working conditions and against reform. Fos-Lavera is the world&#39;s third biggest port for oil products with the transhipment of 64.2 million tons per year. Yesterday the truck and turned into action by blocking the transport of fuel storage tanks and creating traffic chaos deliberate slow driving. Dried up gas is not yet announced how much the petrol station &quot;dried up&quot; out of 12 500 in France, but Exxon Mobil has announced that the situation &quot;critical&quot; and that the drivers are hard to diesel in Paris and Nantes in the west, reports Reuters.
 AFP reported that no fuel at petrol stations in 1500, but the situation was &quot;extremely worrying&quot; for 3500 stations in rural areas. Disturbances continued yesterday and rail transport, as well as protests in 261 secondary schools out of 4000 so that even any minor conflicts between youth and power lines. By: PZ, agencies
 