"They wanted me, you know." Kyle Lafferty picks his days to reveal he was a one-time Celtic target Lafferty held signing talks with Celtic Rangers striker Kyle Lafferty has dropped a bombshell on the eve of Sunday's Old Firm match by revealing that former Celtic boss Gordon Strachan tried to lure him to Parkhead on three occasions when he was a player with Burnley. (Sun) Old Firm referee seeks advice The whistler in charge of Sunday's Old Firm match, Willie Collum, will no doubt have endeared himself to Celtic fans this morning after it was revealed he is to ask fellow officials Craig Thomson and Dougie McDonald for advice on how to handle the powder-keg fixture. McDonald doubled-back on a decision to award the Parkhead side a penalty against Dundee United last weekend while Thomson apologised for not awarding Celtic a penalty in an Old Firm clash last season. (Record) Celtic refuse to back down in 'penalty-gate' Celtic have sent a second letter to the SFA asking for clarification as to why Dougie McDonald changed his mind after he awarded the Parkhead club a penalty during Sunday's match against Dundee United. The latest letter is also said to criticise Hugh Dallas for publicly backing the decision. (Sun) Hearts players paid late The Players Union was contacted this week by Hearts players angry that their wages had not been paid by the Tynecastle club - who have form already in this department. The Tynecastle club did eventually shell out but five days later than expected. (Record) Hibs manager merry-go-round slammed Hibs Lewis Stevenson says the club's appointment of five manager's in as many years as "a bit farcical" during a candid media interview given by the 22-year-old yesterday. (Scotsman) Rooney saga rumbles on Manchester United held talks with the representatives of wayward striker Wayne Rooney yesterday prompting speculation that both parties may be about to give some ground in their game of brinkmanship. (Scotsman) Former Man U striker Carlos Tevez urged Rooney to through caution to the wind and join him at Eastlands. (Mail) Decision date set for Dundee Dundee will find out this upcoming Thursday what sanction will be imposed upon them by the SFL after the club slipped into administration for the second time in seven years. (Scotsman) In brief • Freed Dundee striker Michael Antoine-Curier says he would welcome a return to Hamilton after being freed by the Dens Park club • Madjid Bougherra has been voted the Arabic Player of the Year • Bobby Williamson is poised to extend his contract as manager of Uganda Love football? Bit bored? Easily pleased? If the answer to all these questions is 'yes' then you might like Burst Baw, the new football blog from scotsman.com. • Join the Burst Baw page on Facebook

