Infantry units of the Armed Forces, who on Friday traveled to Tuzla in the NATO mission in Afghanistan, yesterday arrived in Helmand province where she will spend the next six months, was confirmed in the Ministry of Defence. &quot;They stayed a few days in Denmark in the last exercises, firing from guns that were indebted. During the night between Wednesday and Thursday flew to Afghanistan. On Thursday morning they landed at the airport near the NATO base which will ensure the extension. Everything went without any problems and will soon begin their work, &quot;said Zivko Marjanac, Deputy Minister of Defence, according to the Independent newspaper. For details about the life and conditions are waiting for the BH soldiers in the peacekeeping mission in Afghanistan from the Armed Forces do not yet want to disclose. &quot;All I can say now is that our soldiers carry out internal security two NATO base in Helmand province. In Denmark, they get the best weapons and equipment at the highest NATO standards, &quot;said Miladin Strengths, Chief of Joint Staff of the Armed Forces.
 He pointed out that every hour is informed about the state of our units and that so far everything went without any problems. Bh peacekeepers will be in two six-month rotation to be stationed at NATO bases in Helmand, one of a total of 34 Afghan provinces, located in the southwest of the Asian countries. Helmand is known as the most dangerous provinces in Afghanistan, and even 30 percent of its territory controlled by the Taliban. In this province, which is considered the strongest haven for the Taliban, there are frequent conflicts of NATO troops and Taliban insurgents. Helmand is also known for its production of opium. Full Afghanistan supplies more than 90 percent of world demand for opium. Only the province of Helmand, which has an area slightly larger than a B &amp; H has about 1.4 million inhabitants, account for 42 percent of world opium production. &quot;We are familiar with all of these risks. Our soldiers in any case we do not send blindly.
 The base where our soldiers will be before we send liaison officers, who gave us detailed information on all necessary aspects of the mission. This information can not be disclosed because it could be abused by those that NATO is not looking good, &quot;said the Strengths, according to the Independent newspaper. BH infantry units, which will serve in the ISAF mission in Afghanistan, is composed of volunteers and will act within the Danish contingent. According to data from the Danish non-governmental organizations, to July this year in Afghanistan killed 33 Danish soldiers. Given that in this country službuje units of 700 Danish soldiers, their mortality is highest. The Ministry of Defence, or in the Armed Forces of BiH were not familiar with the human casualties, the Danish peace contingent in Afghanistan. &quot;We know that this is a dangerous area and we are aware of the risks, but we are reduced to a minimum. Since the beginning of the peacekeeping mission from one Danish soldier was injured in the base where our soldiers will be placed.
 They do not go into combat missions or cleaning that are dangerous, &quot;said Marjanac. Tags: Afghanistan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, NATO, the Armed Forces of BiH
 