A country with more than 40 national parks is a paradise for wildlife watching, and unparalleled treasure trove of trekking tours. Serengeti, Ngorongoro, Kilimanjaro and Zanzibar are just some of the leitmotifs of Tanzania who have this wonderful East African country into a leading safari realm of the Dark Continent, but also the destination where it is very easy to combine an adventurous holiday with pasivnim.Moto Masai &quot;Hakuna Matata&quot; which translates to svahilija mean life without rules, responsibilities and concerns just the hedonistic principle here feels at every step! Tanzania as the largest country in Eastern Africa covers an area of 945 087 km ². In this area there are about 41.5 million inhabitants and about 100 different tribes. The capital of the Dodoma, but the old capital of Dar Es Salaam (which in Arabic means the port of peace) is still the largest city and main industrial, commercial and financial center. Tanzania is one of the least urbanized countries in Africa, but because the country with the highest reserves and nature parks and fascinating wildlife.
 There are many gold mines of which is the largest Tulawaka mine in western Tanzania. Although politically stable and safe country for tourists, still among the least developed of the world. The roads are full of holes, quite narrow and dusty, and very difficult even for walking and driving up the left side. Real attraction on the streets themselves are people who wear very colorful clothes, and thus represent a real temptation for photography. However, it is not advisable to photograph them without question, and not be intrusive and violent. Tanzanci are extremely friendly and welcoming and will not miss the opportunity to welcome you to their most common greeting of &quot;jumbo&quot; Respond to them in Swahili will cause the right enthusiasm. Otherwise, with the use of Swahili and English, but most business sense. Inexhaustible source of safari word &quot;safari&quot; in Masai language means to travel, and just your safari in Tanzania promises an unparalleled journey of the wild.
 On its territory there are about 60 000 species of insects, about 25 species of reptiles and amphibians and about one hundred species of snakes and fish. Also here you can see about 1000 different species of birds, while one of the best places in the world to observe lions, cheetahs and leopards just Serengeti National Park. Do you have 3-5 days for a safari, you should focus on the Ngorongoro Crater and the Serengeti, with flights between them in order not to unnecessarily waste time on a road trip. However, the optimal reserve 10 days to fully experience the thrill of safari. Do you have a day or more, the tour has been good to include the areas Ndut, Tarangire and Manyara. Of course, one should bear in mind when the rainy season. Good options are combined with a safari holiday to Zanzibar as well as trekking on Kilimanjaro and Zanzibar with a combination of trekking and safaris. It is extremely important that you rely on the quality of local guides who will make the most of your trip.
 (Www.wildthingsafaris.com, www.tanzaniasafarisafrica.com, www.tanzania-adventure.com) great migrations of animals One of the most spectacular migrations of animals, often ranked among the world&#39;s seven wonders happening just in the Serengeti National Park. The appearance of dry periods the animals gather in herds and move to wetter areas. Every year in May and June, about a million and a half zebra, gazelle and buffalo leaving savannah Serengetija and moving way north towards the green lawns Kenyan Masai Mara National Park. On the way animals crossing several rivers that are flying in the forced pressure herds behind. Many overcome the panic and river currents and drowned. Others on the long road tear zaskoče crocodiles or lions. However, most arrive in southern Kenya, where they wait for the new predators, but also plenty of fresh grass. Situated in the magnificent Mount Kilimanjaro National Park Kilimanjaro in northeast Tanzania, celebrated mountain of Kilimanjaro, the highest in Africa, the dormant volcano that is composed of peaks Kibo, Shira and Mavvensi.
 Highest peak is 5895 m, won by the German Hans Meyer who called him after the German Emperor Wilhelm Spitz. Today he was named Uhuru Peak, which stands for &quot;Top of freedom.&quot; Although Kilimanjaro is three degrees south of the equator, due to the high altitude crater Kiba throughout the year covered with snow which creates a magnificent scene when viewed from the surrounding dry savanna. On Kilimanjaro has many organized trekking tours that journey to the top of the pass through alpine vegetation, semi-deserts and wetlands. Most of them moving from Moshija or Arusha, and climbs typically last from 5-8 days followed by a spectacular view of the expanse of Tanzania and Kenya. Zanzibarska exotic island name itself sounds exotic enough to attract the masses who want an idyllic tropical holiday. If we add the fact that the island government the right blend of Arab, African and Portuguese culture, it is clear that this is not just about beaches and sun! The island is located only 35 km from the East African coast, the area is 1609 km ² and, together with the surrounding islands, including the islands of Pemba and Mafia, has about one million inhabitants.
 Ninety percent of the population is Muslim faith, but the island has no religious intolerance as well as crime. This produced nine tenths of the world production of spices: cloves, pepper, saffron, turmeric, kadamona and plants from which to prepare the world&#39;s most famous perfume and cosmetics. After just half an hour by plane from the capital of Tanzania - Dar es Salaam - reaches Stone Town, to the town. Most buildings in the center under the protection of UNESCO, and were built in the 19th century when the island under the rule of Oman Sultan was the main trade center in the Indian Ocean. Stone Town is a bustling city with traffic jams and chaotic markets. For many years, Zanzibar was the center of the East African slave trade and ivory. Caravans that are going into the interior of Africa by slaves have just moved to Zanzibar, and here is Henry Stanley set out to search for the greatest African explorer David Livingstone.
 On Zanzibar was born and Freddie Mercury, which is called Stone Town Farok Bulsara spent the first few years of life. The house where he was born today has turned into a souvenir shop, a singer I was not overly iskorišen the promotional purposes of the island. However, Zanzibar is famous for the large amount of sunshine and paradise beaches with enchanting white sand. Costs on the road trip Tanzania can become quite expensive if you want to pass some of the better quality safari and trekking programs. Keep it up cheaper hotels, public transport and local food reckon with around 200 kuna per day, but without the cost of excursions, safaris, etc. Travelers who are looking for something more commotion should count is around 700 € per day, while you only accommodation in a of fancier houses cost in the wild and up to 2500 € per person per day. Almost everywhere you expect a tip, especially on the safari tours (guides and drivers), while the restaurants are about 10% of the amount consumed.
 Credit cards are often not accepted even in some better hotels, and ATMs are also quite common. Therefore, it is always wise to dispose of cash. At the time it is best to bring U.S. dollars, but in smaller and larger bills, but also changing the euro should not be a problem. Tanzania is largely a safe country, yet it is desirable to avoid sparsely populated areas, secluded beaches and of course you go to look for a taxi at night. In the tourist zones, especially in Arusha, Moshi and Zanzibar expect something harder sellers trip. Of course, do not walk around with a lot of jewelry, too much money, purses and cameras. Rather all the more valuable things in store hotelskome safe, and carrying only a bag that is tied around the waist. By: Maria Faletici Source: Vecernji.hr, B92 Photo: Tanzania Tourist Board
 