Nobel Peace Prize at a rally in Hiroshima, including the Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama, today sent a call for a world without nuclear weapons. Nobel prize winners at the end of a three-day meeting adopted the Declaration on the destruction of nuclear weapons. &quot;Nuclear deterrence, emphasizing power and national prestige as an argument for retaining nuclear weapons is completely outdated and must be rejected,&quot; says the declaration. Nobel Laureates were invited to the meeting and President Barack Obama, who was in Japan in the Asia-Pacific summit. Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize 2009th year, partly because of his call to rid the earth of nuclear weapons. Hiroshima City has expressed disappointment at the absence of Obama, who earlier said he would like to visit Hiroshima and this year for the first time sent the U.S. ambassador John Roosa to join the commemoration of 65-anniversary of the attacks.
 No American president has ever visited Hiroshima and Nagasaki. U.S. dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima 6th August 1945th year, according to some estimates, the spot life was lost 140,000 people, or succumbed to burns or radiation. More than 70,000 people were killed when the Americans dropped an atomic bomb on the port of Nagasaki three days later. Nobel prize winners in their final declaration did not mention this year&#39;s Nobel laureate, the Chinese dissident Liu Sjaoboa who is in prison. According to the organizers decided that the statement does not mention Liu Sjaobo in respect of which the Hiroshima city officials want to set is concentrated on the topic of nuclear disarmament. De Klerk, who shared the Nobel Prize with Nelson Mendel 1993rd year, he said that &quot;the main focus of the conference destruction of nuclear weapons&quot; and that did not want to turn threads.
 In addition, the meeting was marked by news of the liberation fighter for the democratization of Myanmar and also the Nobel Peace Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi, the participants were welcomed. Laureates of the Nobel Peace Prize gather each year to attract the attention of the public on their achievements and stressed the need for respect for human rights and nonviolence.
 