Globus World Trade Center / 05.01.2010. 12:35:50 For the first ten years dvijetisućitih can say anything except that they were boring and quiet. Technologically, there have been innovations without which no longer can. Politically, there was a change that no one would expect Gallery AFGHANISTAN - The Asian country is on the historical &quot;Silk Road&quot;, in which the United States from the end of 2001. Inspirers wanted to destroy the terrorist attacks of 11 September from Al Qaeda and the Taliban. The most important foreign policy focus of the administration&#39;s most important range of NATO&#39;s security doctrine. USA has just announced the strengthening of the offensive and send new 30,000 soldiers. Agha-Soltan, NEDA - philosophy student was killed in June 2009. , in Tehran, during antivladinih protests against the results of presidential elections in which Ahmadinejad won again. It became a symbol of the struggle against the theocratic regime in Iran. ARMSTRONG, LANCE - A cyclist who has since 1999.
 until 2005. He won seven races the Tour de France, more than anyone before him. And after two years before that survived testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs, internal organs and brain. Barroso, VAN Rompuy, ASHTON, MERKEL, SARKOZY - The leading people of the EU - the head of the European Commission Barroso second term, which is stronger than previously thought when he snuck in that position five years ago, the Belgian Van Rompuy, who will coordinate the work of the EU summit or the European Council, and a shiftless Baroness Ashton - probably not the person that the Convention, at the beginning of the decade, had in mind when he created a new position. The most powerful in the EU as Chancellor and French President, but they also must seek agreement within dvadesetsedmorice. Bhutto, Benazir - Pakistan politician liderica PPP, assassinated in Rawalpindi 27th December 2007. year. With 35 became the first woman prime minister of an Islamic country, which was two times since 1988.
 to 1990. and since 1993. until 1996. The daughter of former Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfikar Bhutto and her husband incumbent President Asif Ali Zardari. Samoizabranog from exile in Dubai, she returned to Pakistan in autumn 2007th as a candidate in presidential elections, and was killed during the campaign. BOTOX - Botulinum toxin, one of the most poisonous natural substance in the world, produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum, since 2002. began to be used for cosmetic purposes in small doses, relaxes the muscles. His injection is responsible for many polished, expressionless faces around us. BROWN, DAN - The American author of thriller, whose &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; (2003). With 89 million copies of best-selling book of all time. The new book &quot;The Lost Symbol&quot; (2009). In the first day sold six million copies. CHAVEZ, HUGO - Since 1999. until today, the populist president of Venezuela, the leader of the Bolivarian Revolution, a socialist, an advocate of solidarity in the region, the sharp critic of the United States and globalization.
 VACCINE - The first vaccine against cancer - one that arises from the wart growths on the uterus and genitals caused by human papilloma virus, developed by American and Australian scientists in mid-decade. Gardasil and Cervarix is approved later this year and for men. MONTENEGRO - The Montenegrin referendum on independence in June 2006. former state completely collapsed. Montenegro surprisingly successful progress towards the EU, Serbia is lagging behind the co-operation with the ICTY. The Hague, Milosevic died of a heart attack 2006th BLACK DECADE - Period in the United States began to be problematic Bush victory against Gore in the presidential 2000 elections., Marked by the tragedy of 11th September and two subsequent wars, the country has entered into and coming out hard, frequent stock collapse, recession and loss of reputation in the world. Tsunami - A mass movement of ocean water caused by an underground earthquake, volcanic eruption or explosion.
 Large wave in the Indian Ocean 26th December 2004. year claimed more than 200,000 human lives, indirectly, to millions and caused enormous material damage. Darfur - Sudanese region, where since 2003. ethnic conflict takes pro-government Arab troops and police from the Negro Movement for equality and justice to Darfur. Unreliable estimates speak of 450,000 dead civilians, massive human rights violations, rape, disease and hunger, and about two million refugees. Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on 14 charges July 2008. before the International Criminal Court (ICC) for genocide and crimes against humanity. DUBAI - Arab emirate, which has built an attractive underwater hotels and resorts in the desert, artificial palm islands and the world&#39;s tallest building, Burj Dubai, 818 meters high. Of trouble due to debts submitted milijardskih recently rescued him financial help neighboring Abu Dhabi. Djindjic. SOLUNSKI PROCESS - EU in 2003. At the Thessaloniki summit, promised the possibility of membership to all countries of former Yugoslavia if it meets the criteria.
 In Belgrade, Zoran Djindjic&#39;s assassination, slowing down the reforms until the departure of Kostunica. In today&#39;s climate of enlargement fatigue, Thessaloniki is the process remains the only mechanism in which the region can be invoked. Despite discouraging EU, Racan in February 2003. seeking nomination by Zagreb gets 2004th Macedonia in March 2003. seeking the nomination, which he received in December 2005. ENERGY - The European Union has realized total dependence on Russian energy, particularly gas, which has resulted in the adoption of Moscow with all its flaws. The need for oil, which is less and less, forcing West to turn to new and alternative technologies, but also opens up space for the future, now a little conceivable cooperation with Iran. EURO - banknotes and coins have a common currency were opened to traffic first January 2002. and now the euro used by 12 states. The euro is primarily a political enterprise of European unity, and then the financial or economic project.
 Greeted with great concern that &quot;there will be strong as a brand, rather than as a weak lira, but proved to be remarkably successful. Britain and Denmark do not want the euro zone, some members are not qualified, and Greece currently has a huge problem in respect of the criteria that allow the stability of the currency. Federer - Best tennis player of all time in the opinion of colleagues and experts, &quot;the Swiss maestro for whom Agassi has recently written that&quot; a player without a single blemish. &quot; Longest first on the ATP rankings and winner of three p.m. and so far the most Grand Slam titles in singles. Also, with the highest earning tennis player in history.
 