History of bankruptcy states is as old and developed credit system and the impact of borrowing, which is the foundation of all predstečajnih process. Only since the mid-19th century to the present inability of canvas declared nearly two hundred countries, mainly the less developed Latin American and African countries. Among recent examples is the bankrupt Argentine 2002nd year, when the government announced that it is not thought to repay debts, and was sentenced to prohibition of participation in international capital markets. Such punishment is double-edged sword. State prevents them from further borrowing is hopeless, and also means you can not borrow money, which probably will be bloody for the purchase of raw materials that enable her to economic activity, but also for the purchase of medicines and the like say that states can not go bankrupt, recently told German Chancellor Angela Merkel. And after a short pause she added: &quot;It is not true. Country bankrupt when it can no longer meet its obligations.
 State debts balloon is the last bubble that could burst. The consequences are painful for the entire population, since after bankruptcy follows a strong reduction in the standard of living due to unemployment and inflation, loss of savings and a weakening currency. That in the darkest scenario means that nationals from their pockets have to pay tuition fees and health services, that the state can pay pensions, and that pensioners can only rely on savings, they are not safe even proverbially safe workplaces for civil servants, that the state guarantee for bank and savings is not worth much more, and also means an increase in crime because the state can not provide the same quality of public services as before the bankruptcy, and this is reflected in police work. Because the citizens feel less secure, it could cause social unrest and anarchy. States, of course, is not bankrupt in the classical sense, but simply revealed the inability canvas.
 This means that lines of credit, especially for public debt, destroyed, therefore, that the state can not get loans to service interest and repay principal. Bankruptcy of the state is ideological and political populism phrase. From an entrepreneurial point of view we can really only speak about the state along with the others - the private sector, other countries and international institutions (International Monetary Fund) - seeking a modus vivendi in connection with the refinancing of debt, says economist Bogomir Smith. Bankrupt state, so if you call in a symbolic sense, it means that the state is not capable of cloth, so that it is unable to service its public debt to domestic and foreign banks do not want to finance the country, as well as under the private sector, the credit system, which maintains normal liquidity in the economy, the disintegration of that state budget does not work, that works in a modest range of actual flow to be significantly lower level of wages, pensions, social transfers, the state experiences a large delay for economic growth and increase unemployment.
 State slips into a deep recession, thus further reducing the ability of its internal funding, &quot;says Smith. The consequences for the country are different from those for natural or legal persons, because the sovereignty of the state can not seize property or wages, economist Joze Mencinger stresses. Greece from the abyss of debt, therefore, can not save the seizure of the island, especially along with the population, as the Russian car sold Alaska to the Americans meeting with the Indians. Creditors therefore left with &#39;punishment&#39; economic sanctions, and probably writing off of debt. &#39;Bankrupt&#39; state is therefore more a kind of forced settlement of obligations. Similarly Kovachevo explanation: The state and its predstečajni actions are limited only to the problem of financing through foreign loans or network has been talking about refinancing, debt restructuring, debt forgiveness ... Here, therefore, not a seizure, because there are no legal mechanisms or the courts for such decisions.
 The solutions are political and economic, not legal or judicial. A State which becomes bankrupt itself weighed what to do with their assets to help repay debt, ie, whether the property is sold or exchanged for debt with the banks and the like. Nobody can take away the state enterprise or a bank in its ownership, says Mencinger, but the creditors, the IMF, for example, can &#39;stand-by &quot;arrangements to force the sale of which will receive money for payment of the debt. PHOTO: Stock of the legal mechanism, which declared bankruptcy states, no. Also there is no international bankruptcy appellate courts that dealt with bankruptcies of sovereign states, or in any way solved. Who then declared bankruptcy? Declares it the state itself, when he says that creditors can not carry out obligations. It is a political decision on which governments usually notice other economically powerful countries, private banks, and today the international institutions.
 For instance, during the Mexican crisis are 80-and 90-ies on the Mexican government first notified the United States, says Smith. In fact, bankruptcy and should proclaim especially because everyone knows it anyway. The creditors depends on what action to take. Large borrower is primarily a problem of creditors. Take for example China, which will, if he ceases to finance the debts of the United States, to stop economic growth, says Mencinger. Formally bankrupt state continues to lead its government, but mostly new, for bankruptcy following the political crisis, generally followed by a change of government. But a hundred times SEEN: The history of bankruptcy states is as old and developed credit system and the impact of borrowing, which is the foundation of all predstečajnih process. Only since the mid-19th century to the present inability of canvas declared nearly two hundred countries, mainly the less developed Latin American and African countries. Among recent examples is the bankrupt Argentine 2002nd
 year, when the government announced that it is not thought to repay debts, and was sentenced to prohibition of participation in international capital markets. Such punishment is double-edged sword. State prevents them from further borrowing is hopeless, and also means you can not borrow money, which probably will be bloody for the purchase of raw materials that enable her to economic activity, but also for the purchase of medicines and the like. In this case we are not far from the introduction of vouchers for petrol and oil, which I remember from the old 80-ies of the last century in our thoughts Mencinger. The reasons for bankruptcy are different, and the consequences of bankruptcy are different. In June 1971. , for example, the United States &#39;bankrupt&#39; due to excessive amounts of dollars, and expenditures for the war in Vietnam, so they sent them to the then current substitutability of dollars for gold. This system collapsed in the related fixed dollar exchange rate, which was introduced Bretonwoodskim agreement from 1944.
 year. Known example is Mexico, which was in August 1988th announced that it can not service the debt, and help him, then quickly rescue the U.S.. Lots of countries that were already previously had major problems, then it is &#39;bankrupt&#39;. At the end of 90-they are &#39;bankrupt&#39; Asian economies, according Mencinger. The most important reason for bankruptcy state is over-indebtedness in which the state shaped by poverty and because at the time of low interest rates and high raw material prices, which are exported, overseas borrowed more than they could repay, and when the interest rates have increased, prices their resources have decreased. Large commercial banks, which they generously offered money before, have turned their backs. The recovery of the state is very slow and depends on the economy and world situation. Declaration of bankruptcy means that the state must obtain additional credit lines to save the package or to refinance debts, in agreement with the creditors.
 The state often resorts to lowering their costs, limited earnings and employment in the public sector. The necessary structural reforms and improving competitiveness, which allow to stimulate growth and thus partially reduce liabilities. Another option is to replace the moderate inflation of deflation, &quot;says Smith. Creditors, or those who, after declaring &quot;bankruptcy&quot; to help, in the Greek example of the eurozone countries and the International Monetary Fund, its stand-by credit extort restrictive economic policies, which should ensure the return of the debt, says Mencinger. The International Monetary Fund should be a savior in a cloth-financial crisis of the country, but Mencinger according to the institution extremely critical. Bankrupt state of the IMF get loans, but only if they accept and follow their advice. And those tips are often completely wrong. Slovenia gained its independence after the IMF imposed a permanent fixed exchange rate SIT.
 Since there was not owed anything, the Bank of Slovenia and the advice we could ignore the fine. When assessing the IMF&#39;s advice and must not be forgotten that the current global crisis, the IMF was the bearer of a political market fundamentalism and that it is not cared social consequences of such policies. His officials shared tips on saving, paying taxes, prohibition of subsidies and dangers caused by retirees, but they themselves are at the same time had a high salary, nights in hotels, did not pay taxes, subsidized food they ate and after a few years they could retire. ALARMS: How do we know when the state is close to bankruptcy? There are several important warnings. The first warning is the share of the deficit and public debt to GDP and growth rate of this debt, and the other is the ability to service debt, the solvency of the state and therefore interest rates at which the government can still borrow at home and abroad.
 The third is economic growth and competitive ability, especially in foreign markets. Important notice, we can discern from the social sustainability of the system and political stability. Thus, the public debt of Greece, 124.9 percent of GDP, 84.6 percent of Portugal, Ireland, 82.9 percent, Spain 66.3 percent, Britain 66.3 percent and 94.2 percent of U.S. GDP. Mencinger but warns that these figures are not yet sufficient to assess who is at risk. Important is the structure of debt, for example, whether a majority of debt in the country or overseas debt. Italy, which is zaduženija than Greece, because its debt reaches 127 percent of GDP, was tasked primarily with domestic banks. Although the recently most talked about threat to Greece, Portugal, Italy and Spain, according Kovachevo opinion, are at risk and those European countries that received assistance, that the Baltic States, Hungary, Iceland. Besides them, the problems can be found, and the United Kingdom and Belgium, which meets the political crisis, but some conditions.
 At the global level are in a dangerous position the United States. Photo: kratkimetar.rs Canvas disability would have to declare the 14 U.S. states. The U.S. has, of course, the specific site due to its role of world powers, particularly the role of dollars and financial reputation of their government bonds, &quot;says Smith. Because of the recession that has lasted for more than 10 years, has a large debt, and Japan, but its debt is largely domestic and the debt serviced by the private sector I Japan. In Japan, therefore, the lender and borrower, and in Greece are mainly foreign bank creditors. When borrowing is not only important for the share of debt relative to GDP, but are also important debt structure, debt maturity and price. If the prevailing foreign sources, and the state is not competitive and there are difficulties with the stability of currencies, was a serious problem, because in this case must have an appropriate part of the surplus on the current balance in order to care for repayment.
 This is therefore a connected vessels. Some analysts argue that threatens to bankrupt energy-saving and eternal Switzerland due to uncontrolled loans in Swiss francs by the Swiss mass offered to borrowers from different countries of Eastern Europe, and now these debtors because of the financial crisis can not go back borrowings. Difficulties in repaying debts is causing all the stronger Swiss franc, which further increases the price of loans to foreign borrowers because their local currency is increasingly losing its value compared with the Swiss franc. According to data from the Bank for International Settlements, Eastern European countries have taken nearly 150 billion euros in loans in Swiss francs. Analysts think that the potential losses due to loan write-eastern European countries, together with losses of Swiss banks UBS and Credit Suisse, exceeded the gross domestic product of Switzerland. IS IN DANGER AND SLOVENIA: At least formally, Slovenia has a 40-percent debt away from bankruptcy, along with how much a reasonable economic policy is really far away.
 In addition, it is not large, and therefore probably not very interesting big financial speculators, says Mencinger. I quickly adds: Meanwhile, do not forget the overall indebtedness of Slovenia, that household debt, companies, banks and government, to which we came in the period since 2005. by 2008. year. In the three years are buying securities and loans literally protraćili 10 billion euros. Yet in 2005. Slovenia&#39;s net debt was equal to zero, and in late 2008. amounted to 10 billion. The burden of paying off the debt countries now covered by borrowing. Greece is a story for Slovenia and the warning that we must learn to live modestly. We need to set clear boundaries between basic needs and excessive spending. By Kovachevo think Slovenia has a relatively stable position with regard to public debt, but also a dynamic that is worrisome. Upper limit on public borrowing is not possible to clearly set.
 The EU has recently decided to use 60 percent of GDP, in fact it is a point after which further borrowing starts to reduce the solvency of the state and increase the costs of additional borrowing. Another limitation is the ability to repay debt. Fiscal Council in his first annual assessment found that for Slovenia 60-percent public debt is too high and therefore we proposed that the fiscal rules to limit precisely the permissible level of public debt relative to normal GDP. For example, if you set it to 40 percent of GDP and debt servicing to two percent of GDP. Both the U.S. already exceeds. Debts of Slovenia in the last four years have increased a lot and raises concerns. The same goes for debt servicing. Government that does not pay enough attention, says Smith. We are among states that have passed in relative terms, if we talk about the share of GDP, the highest increase its public debt. In comparison to Greece, Italy, Portugal and Spain, saves us a relatively lower overall indebtedness, which is why our financial markets still believe.
 But if we continue the current direction, we could very quickly be found in Greek script ..
 Text published in Mladini, translated by Sandra Dukic
 