Visiting Israeli President ninth Croatia in two and a half, now that the President of Israel, was elected to the post 2007th, with the seven-year term, he returned to his homeland, despite the clear message spoken to the guest and the host - President Dr. Josipovic and Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor, however, prompting some questions and comments. RELATED NEWS Nobel Prize winners in Croatia First of all, it is known that one of the countries with which Croatia was not immediately established diplomatic relations just Israel - Croatian embassy was opened in Tel Aviv, 1997th, and the Israeli Ambassador &quot;covering&quot; the Croatia in Vienna. Only five years ago, Israel opened its embassy in Zagreb, referring to evolve, upward, looking twenty years ago, after the death of President Franjo Tudjman, that today would be judged very well (en passant write about idyllic relations does not correspond facts, and it is possible with a journalistic point of view, but not from the standpoint of those familiar with the complexity of developing these relations and the current situation).
 Therefore, the visit of President of Israel Shimon Peres expected to understandable curiosity of many factors, and careful analysts will notice some characteristics that he should not suppress. Specifically, President Peres of Israel, no matter whatever we personally think about Israeli politics, a person is an undisputed authority in the international community, not only lived for 85 years but primarily because of political experience, education, performance and vision wear. He arrived in Croatia with a reputation of one of the Nobel Peace Prize (1994). In Israel and the international relations of a person who belongs to the &quot;doves&quot;, not &quot;hawk&quot;, arrived from Slovenia, which has previously visited Croatia, bringing personal, But the broader meaning of the message. - My Israel and Croatia can do a lot of good - one of the unambiguous message, as well as a commitment to mutually beneficial cooperation, especially in science, culture, and &quot;raising the technologies that link the state to a higher level of development.&quot;
 Less well known is that Shimon Peres is one of the best connoisseurs nanologije in the world, literally, an expert on those issues whose resolution could determine the technical and technological development of humanity&#39;s next century. But Shimon Peres (born Szymon Perske in Wiseznicwo, Poland, today Višnievo, Belarus, far 1923rd year) lived through and participated in the Zionist movement (immigration to Palestine in 1934.) Their work and testimony, all the turbulent decades of struggle for an independent and an independent Israel, participating in all wars with Arab neighbors, but also fighting for peace and agrees to the establishment of monasteries of the Palestinian state. With this way of life and political experience (numerous military and political duties, a member Kneseta longest-serving in the Israeli political history), but also turned the Jewish tradition (the ancestors of the rabbis) is a valuable source especially politicians who are looking for solutions to get out of any crisis.
 Creativity (speaks Hebrew, Yiddish, Russian, Polish, English, French, author of two books), but showed tact and diplomacy is the sentence which he addressed Dr. Josipoviću, which will be long remembered: &quot;You are, as far as I know, the only president in the world who is a lawyer and musician. I do not know what is more important, the right or the music? &quot;Abuse of the Constitution of His inspired and emotional speech in Jasenovac, the Scaffold by foreign media compared to Auschwitz, is a superficial observer can make tendentious, but first note that under the stone flower is a Jew, and speaking as a Jew (not to say that all of his relatives remained in the homeland was killed during the Second World War), while stressing the lessons of the Holocaust and the need to get out of this historical episode primarily teaches that it is the duty of the young generations in all parts of the world, expressed and as a statesman who knows how peace is important for the future of humanity.
 Denying the Holocaust and Iran&#39;s genocidal threats &quot;made by Adolf Hitler&quot; is a danger not only for the decimated Jewish people and Israel, it is a challenge for every society and country that aspires to justice and peace. Because, as stated in the Talmud, &quot;the more justice, more peace.&quot; Of course, this wisdom applies to Israel, which, incidentally, is not sacred cows and that should also be criticized if his policies are not in accordance with the aforementioned wisdom. Here I want to point to a problem that is primarily the Croatian public and media need to confront - namely, not enough to declare its relationships with these delicate issues, but in practice indicate that the denial of the Holocaust and anti-Semitism, which should not dwell Croatia, damage to the Croatian national interests. However, although they are individuals and small groups should openly say that they are loud beyond measure, and the wanton use what the Constitution guarantees - freedom of speech and freedom of speech.
 This rogobatni language and tone that can be and must not hesitate to call anti-Semitism and antiizraelizmom, was present at the portals and Shimon Peres during the visit to Croatia, and is most clearly seen in the entries under the individual articles that are related to the visit of President Shimon Peres. I would not have looked at the posts that they are anonymous kompleksaši and saliva which, unfortunately, abounds in the net - it&#39;s about people with names and surnames and even, occasionally, photographs. Thompson and Rudan, however, that, in some cases, preceded by several years of writing and acting, for example, singers Perkovic Thompson, an eccentric writer and publicists Vedrana Rudan, but there are also recent instances of writing Josip Vidovic, under the nickname Jelenska portal pollitika.com (&quot; Israel - license to kill &quot;), currently acting vice-president of Croatian Party of Labour - Labour, the former deputy minister responsible for veterans.
 The vice president Dragutin Lesar Israeli ship called the Jew, the Jews placed in an obscure conspiracy theories, etc. We should not ignore the fact that for years led by Shimon Peres Israel&#39;s Labour Party and that is one of the most respected people laburističkog movement in the world. Neither regular personal pleas party chairman to be reflected on the activities of Vice-Presidents were fruitless, as no controversy with certain Marko Tomic that Shimon Peres called the &quot;fascist&quot; and had exposed his &quot;solution&quot; to the Palestinian question: Croatian Zionist emigration, the sale of their property by placing on drums, recorded revenue to help pay the Gaza ... About how a little-bit Croatian ultradesnica culprits for the current situation in Croatia is located in judeomasonskoj conspiracy, and not in the bribery and corruption, expensive and inefficient state apparatus, etc., and so on. makes no sense to waste words. All in all, as he was away, despite all the controversy about the current Israeli policy, a respected guest, a statesman of world format, then accordingly we have an obligation to show a minimum of welcome, the more so as the guest came with good intentions in seeking a partner and interlocutor Croatia with the main message of the Government and people of Croatia, &quot;we enter a new era together.&quot;
 And it means and tell those who do not understand history or international relations that is the way to a very good Croatian-Israeli relations was difficult and that most Croatian and Israeli people will not allow you to break down bridges of friendship primitivism political unconscious of individuals and small groups. Number of recommendations: 50 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 