In Afghanistan, the closed polling stations in other elections in that country. Parliamentary elections were marked by explosions and attacks against the Taliban. In a series of attacks on polling stations killed at least eight people, and more than 20 wounded. Due to conflict with the Taliban authorities were forced to close at least 153 polling stations, and Taliban insurgents fired several missiles at the center of Kabul and in several other towns and villages. Information on the turnout at the elections are contradictory. Independent Electoral Commission reported that the election came out 40 percent of Afghans eligible to vote, ie 3.6 of the nine million voters. This figure differs from the original IEC&#39;s data which states that the right to vote is 12 million Afghans. According to the turnout figure was below 30 percent. Observed irregularities at polling places elections are held under special scrutiny, because last year&#39;s presidential characterized by widespread fraud, according to Hina.
 For security measures voters dipped a finger in indelible ink, and the election monitors 270 000 Afghan and international observers. Three hours after the vote of the central election commission has received several reports of irregularities at polling places. For the safety of care 400 000 foreign and local troops, police and intelligence agencies. Final results are expected only on 31 October The elections are competing more than 2500 candidates for 249 seats in the lower house of parliament (Wolesi Jirga). For women 68 seats are reserved. State President Hamid Karzai voted at a school in Kabul and urged voters that, despite a campaign of intimidation, responders elections. The Taliban abducted a candidate for parliament White House is seriously concerned about security in many parts of Afghanistan after a wave of kidnappings on the eve of parliamentary elections. Specifically, the Taliban yesterday seized a candidate for parliament, and considered them to be responsible for the kidnapping of 18 election workers.
 The Taliban&#39;s brutal regime that wants to do harm to the people of Afghanistan every day, said White House spokesman Robert Gibbs, adding that this is the reason why people in Afghanistan do not want their return to power. NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen congratulated the Afghan voters that have come out to vote despite attacks by the Taliban.
 