Ratko Mladic and Radovan Karadzic in Pale, 18 April 1993 13.08.2010. Iva Martinovic Belgrade media said on an audio recording of conversations and the Hague fugitive accused of genocide, Ratko Mladic and former Yugoslav President Dobrica Cosic, a young man who secretly filmed. In the recording, Dobrica Cosic persuades young man to talk with the then Bosnian Serb leader and accused the current genocide, Radovan Karadzic, who was at that time smenio Mladic: As stated, the conversation between the boys and Cosic led the most likely immediately after the Storm in 1995. year. Conflict of Karadzic and Mladic broke out after the Croatian military and police operation &quot;Storm&quot;, a Cosic at that time was president of the FRY. I have this conversation and others that are about one hundred audio cassettes, was submitted to the ICTY Prosecutor. For presidents of the Helsinki Committee for Human Rights Biserko, this video is no iznađenje. It RSE program about the influence of Dobrica Ćišić the national leadership and policies of the nineties, but the one after that.
 Dobrica Cosic, the archive &quot;The conversation again turned to the Dobrica Cosic always played a key role, not only then. But this is very important because it shows that he was the most influential figure, perhaps even more influential than Slobodan Milosevic. After that, Cosic and his circle were to introduce a so-called democracy, and what happened to fifth October, &quot;said Biserko and notes that Cosic treated as the most responsible man. &quot;That&#39;s the circle reflects an attitude, an ideology. Almost the entire second half of 20 century was najeksponiraniji in this policy. The fact that Serbia, nor its political elite have never dealt with his role really is the reason why the country for so long is moving in a vicious circle and can not get out of it and highlight the responsibility of all who were involved in it, and that primarily I think the Dobrica Cosic. &quot;RSE: Can you, in your opinion, in any way, now raise the question of his responsibility? &quot;He was the 92nd President
 and 93 year at a time when the horrific crimes occurred in Bosnia. It can be run in any case his moral responsibility and, above all, I think it is important to reveal the all behind what he says and in my deep conviction, he was parallel to the Milosevic government all the time. There a lot depends on which insiders should reveal his responsibility at that time. &quot;RSE: What is its impact after the wars, after 5 October? &quot;He was certainly a key figure and one of the key people who participated in the election of Vojislav Kostunica. So he was elected as a candidate who promised to support a course that is free Mlošević led, or rather, war booty, Bosnia, Montenegro at that time and, of course, Kosovo, or the partition of Kosovo. Ultimately he became involved in the talks on Kosovo in his book on Kosovo, which is promoted in all major cities in Serbia. He is actively involved in creating public opinion, and general preparation for the idea of partition of Kosovo. &quot;Posted by Haler at 16:57, 0 komentar (a), print, #
 