Author: Hrvoje Th. CITY OF &#39;UNDER THE SEA&#39; - Rotterdam I was thrilled when I was told that the company sent me to work in the vicinity of Rotterdam. Where really there? We had the site in some beautiful cities: Amsterdam, Venice ... I wanted to Marseilles ... when they sent me in Rotterdam. What can accept or Change business. 1 2 Rotterdam Rotterdam port city is strange that a country that lives in depression. And a big part of Rotterdam I such, sometimes even 6 feet below sea level, the lowest point in Holland is just east of Rotterdam. The city, as well as the entire country, behind the many dams built. Everywhere valleys, endless plains, rivers, canals ... and everywhere you look around the city: the building of the port. And they really do look attractive. Euromast Euromast Tower Tower 2 But one day I found a building that I found fascinating in this impersonality. This is the &#39;Euromast tower&#39;, an odd vantage point in the city center. In fact, does not resemble other towers already seen, the more I would say that is a huge pillar on which the house sits.
 And this house is a restaurant at some 100 meters high. This part was built in 1960th Column width is only 9 feet. The stability of the building is secured by a huge concrete block weight of nearly 2000 tons, so that its center of gravity below the ground. Above mentioned above houses rises up another pillar, narrower than the first, with a height of about 85 m, and the entire tower reaches a height of about 185 to me for decades a symbol of this city, and also the highest building in the Netherlands. Around this pillar is narrower Namontirana some kind of box seating (&quot;Cabin Space&quot;), which placed all the way around the pillar of 360 degrees, it rotates around the room and slowly rises to the top. This part was added 1970th From the restaurant to see the entire Rotterdam, and the cab comes from the top I would say the whole Netherlands. True, no country is large, and cities are relatively close to each other. The view is fascinating, but for those who are afraid of heights, terrifying. Although not included in these, though I was more comfortable when I touched solid ground.
 Euromast member of the &#39;World Federation of High Towers&#39;. Nieuwe Maas river at the peak of the depth I have to say, what satisfaction you have when you are at the highest point in the country, probably a similar feeling standing on the roof of the world. No you is not straight. Therefore, tourists everywhere in the world rush to the tallest point and enjoy the view around. As you saw from the top, the view constantly flying to the river Nieuwe Maas, better to say one branch of the great Rhine. It seems to me that the river here merged and separated to the extent that they are now some strange creations of human hands The dairy, or resembling an ancient natural forms. view of Erasmus bridge Erasmus Medical Center - and left with my position, from the roof of the Netherlands, the most admirable giving unparalleled beauty - it is the Erasmus Bridge. Because of the beauty of the Dutch like to call it &#39;Swan&#39;. Gigantic built 1996th, height 138 meters and connects the northern and southern Rotterdam.
 The entire downtown area as it is with other galaxies, it is a city of the future, with its futuristic designs. I like, most do not. Others missing those components for which most appreciate the beauty of the city - the old parts. However, some buildings in the center have survived the wartime bombing. The most famous preserved old buildings, 112 year old the &#39;Witte Huis&#39;. So, Rotterdam has its own &#39;White House&#39;, which is an important fact. City roads officially exists almost 7 centuries, and was created by spreading around the dam (dam) on the river Rotte. So she got a name: Rotte-dam. Rotte river used to be connected with the Rhine, but its bed is largely literally pumped because it was the noise of building the subway in the city. As I said before, people are all nature reversed in his favor. I was glad to hear that the city of Rotterdam blood brother with a beautiful European cities: Dresden, and St. Petersburg, which are among the most beautiful European power centers of the former kings ..
 Het Park Rotterdam 3 The fact that this is a seaport, where they flowed over the centuries people from all over the world, all religions and races, has definitely contributed to the liberal views and the creation of the cosmopolitan outlook of the population, and in Rotterdam, as well as throughout the Netherlands. This freedom and tolerance are evident at every turn, even those just briefly go through the city, you can see how different lives here. Once something is known in this city: here was born humanist, philosopher, writer Desiderius Erasmus. He lived in the 15th century, written in Latin and was one of the pioneers of European humanism. He became a &#39;lumen mundi&#39; (Light of the World). Chinese restaurant-ship in some of zavučenih backwaters of the river, their retirement perform old ships. If you have time, you Cute many of them incredible stories. About the people of this city, that is, if nothing else, different. Parkhaven However, here most do not have time for anything except for work.
 They always say the Rotterdam city for work, to earn money, while for contrast, Amsterdam city for spending money, for fun. So to me it seemed. And we are here just doing. .
 