Model Naomi Campbell told the court in The Hague to assume that the diamonds that was given the gift came from the African dictator Charles Taylor. Revealed that the charity dinner made in 1997. organized by Nelson Mandela received vreæicu with many small kamenèiæa. Two men are in the middle of night, knocked on the door of her room and handed her a gift. She stated that she immediately went back to bed and looked vreæicu until morning. Asked what she saw said she was concerned was a bunch of dirty little kamenèiæa, and assumed that they had sent bbivši leader of Liberia. - This is very uncomfortable for me - she was in supposing that it had to come to court, adding that she was serious about it to protect his family. - This is a man for whom I have read that killed thousands of people and do not wish in any way to bring my family in danger - said the model. Lied on the TV station to avoid going to court and was handed Jeremy Diamond Ratcliffeu who worked at the Nelson Mandela Children&#39;s Foundation with the intent that it be used for good purposes.
 Appearing in court she tried to escape so it is for a television station said she has not received anything from Taylor, who is now 63 years. Later he appeared with Oprah Winfrey and said she did not want to bring your family in danger. In the end he had to travel to The Hague because it has received an official summons. Taylor is accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity that include murder, rape and novaèenje child soldiers. Also he is accused of armed and controlled by the revolutionary army of Sierra Leone. He says the diamonds that Campbell won a key addition to the proof of it, and actress Mia Farrow, attended the dinner and just mentioned her testimony before the Hague Tribunal brought Campbell into the center of the scandal. Farrow said that Campbell was a day later apologized to the probuðena middle of the night and that she not worked muškraci lined with diamonds. The plaintiff was subsequently ruled that Taylor was probably wearing diamonds to make them change for weapons or sold to fund civil war in Sierra Leone.
 Manekenkino testimony in The Hague has passed the mark to deny access to photographers. The court ruled that her fear of Taylor&#39;s retaliation is justified. However, manekenkin testimony was shot cameras in the courtroom, and its application to izbirše every trace of her visit to the court in The Hague has failed. Allowed her to bring along his lawyer.
 