Because of the wall which not only Palestinians but also Israelis, difficult life, Suha Asfour - a Christian from Bethlehem, whose entire family has emigrated to America - alone and thinking about eviction Photo: VOA Israel has set up concrete barriers to protect itself from terrorist attacks Palestinians from the West Bank in the Vatican last month held a two-week meeting of Catholic bishops on the position of Christians in the Middle East. This area each year, leaving thousands of Christians, mostly Catholics. Some are more expressed because of Islamic fundamentalism. Another reason is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. In the cradle of Christianity in the past 60 years, the percentage of Christians decreased from 8 percent to only about 1 percent. Suha Asfour of Bethlehem was a Christian. Family life is remembered only through photographs. In fact, from her family was the only one left here. They stayed in America. Now her husband, a famous physician, wants to move their feet: &quot;The financial situation is all the worse.
 The wall creates problems in our work life, the daily movement from one city to another. On all our miserable life - all Palestinians, not just Christians. &quot;When he talks about the &#39;wall&#39;, he thought the concrete barriers and checkpoints set up by Israel to protect itself from terrorist attacks, Palestinians from the West Bank. However, this the barriers Dry Asfour limited movement and made it difficult life. Sore is what he must leave his home, but feels that there is no other choice: &quot;This is like a prison. When you can not get out of Bethlehem, it was like a cage, like I was the bird that it can not go out. Life is hard, a job and no education. &quot;Christians were once the majority in Bethlehem and surrounding towns. But that has changed 1948th when - after the founding of Israel - the Arabs got expelled. On the outskirts of Bethlehem today - more than 60 years after the war - a Palestinian refugee camp. There is a conflict between Arab Muslims and Christians in Bethlehem, but they mostly lived in the city.
 When speaking with reporters, and one other postojaje deny any deeper religious tensions. However, in relation to Muslim Palestinians, Christians are generally wealthier, better educated, and easier to fit into the Western world. Because they are easier to emigrate. The mere thought of it was painful - he says Suha Asfour - but immediately adds that they will do everything to her children any better. &quot;Somewhere else will at least be free. They will be able to live, instead of suffering. Will enjoy in life, and that is enough,&quot; says husband Suha Asfour. But she still hopes that conditions will change lives in Bethlehem, and that her family will not have to leave her hometown: &quot;I pray to God that the situation will soon improve. I always hope the better, for Christians, for the Palestinians, and for all our children. We want our children to live like all other children in the world, to feel free and enjoy life. &quot; For the family Asfour, the only thing that could change life in this region is - peace.
 