Tonight on the Ban Jelacic Square was held ceremoniously pull a group of European Water Polo Championship, which will be held in Zagreb during the period of 29 August to 11 September this year. The championship will participate in 20 teams, including 12 males and 8 females. Tonight the event, which is transmitted in all countries participating in the tournament, attended by top people, the Bureau, the Croatian Water Polo Federation and the Croatian Olympic Committee, representatives of the Croatian women&#39;s and men&#39;s water polo team, water polo federation representatives of all participating countries and representatives of the City of Zagreb , the host priority, and many fans of water sports. The audience was entertained with a varied program Neno Belan and Fiumens, Goran Karan, and a group of &quot;Vagabond&quot; and actor musical &quot;In the good old days.&quot; In addition, Goran Karan is accompanied by Klapa Tragos &quot;in front of a packed town square and took a new national anthem European Championships.
 Croatia men&#39;s water polo team will perform at the 29th European Championships, which will play in the outdoor pool Mladost na Savi, in group A in which her rivals will be the selection of Montenegro, Italy, Romania, Spain and Turkey. In group B will play Serbia, Hungary, Russia, Germany, Greece and Macedonia. It was decided at the draw which was held tonight at the Ban Jelacic Square. Performed and draw a group of female tournament, a Croatian team classified in group A with teams of Russia, Italy and Greece, while in group B Spain, Hungary, the Netherlands and Germany. Only the group winners will fight for direct placement in the semi-final while the men&#39;s competition to qualify among the top four teams fight runner and third place teams from the groups. Menu of our men&#39;s team Ratko Rudic said the group is a little heavier, because it has a strong Spanish team, but that the goal of our team to win first place in the group that brought her a rest day before the crucial semi-final.
 The men&#39;s team will open the championship match against Montenegro, and the girls match against Russia.
 