Polls show that young Americans satirical show as their main source of information - they say that they make them relax and explain the complex political events Photo: AP Jon Stewart for less than a week are held elections for U.S. Congress. The political process in recent months and weeks have included a number of comedians, satirists of American political scene. Two of the most organized and even a political event - and this weekend the National Mall in Washington. The performance of the political satirist Lewis Black in Warner Theatre in Washington, was sold out. As we hear, at least one person in the audience has a very high opinion of Lewis Black. &quot;Black for President!&quot; - Shouted one visitor. &quot;No, I do not want to compete for the presidency. I do not want to live here&quot; - retorted Lews Black. He is a popular for regular appearances on the show Daily Show with Jon Stewart, satire of American news programs.
 Stewart&#39;s show making fun of politicians and the media and the big hit, especially among young people. Lewis Black says his goal is to uncover fraudulent političare.Njegov comic character is angry and confused policies and the way it appears on national television. Lewis Black says he wants the audience to show that the &#39;emperor wears no clothes&#39; - and that politicians lie. &quot;At the present stage of someone actually trying to determine, and is confused and bitter that television has the answer. And when I get some response, it is more than delusional - and sometimes it is just fair.&quot; Black comedians like - how does - influence on public opinion as never before. Polls show that young Americans satirical shows such as their main source of information. They say, namely that they make them relax and explain the complex political events. Collette Fozard watched Lewis Black in Warner Theatre Washington.
 &quot;He points to the hypocrisy of the many things that are happening around us. But for me it helps. Leads me to think about politics.&quot; Comedians have long joke at the expense of politicians and not just in America. However, their emissions have become a bar and a forum for serious political issues. President Barack Obama has appeared several times on the show by Jon Stewart&#39;s Daily Show. Last month, comedian Stephen Colbert was invited to testify before a congressional committee. He talked about the problem of foreign workers residing illegally in the United States. &quot;I am glad that I can use her fame to draw attention to this complex issue.&quot; Media analysts say the growing influence of comedians, because traditional media are losing audience. Marvin Kalb was 30 years journalist, CBS and NBC. In his time, Americans admired &#39;real news&#39; - such as Edward R. Murrow and Walter Cronkitea. Marvin Kalb says today that gap filled with satirists like Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert.
 &quot;The problem is if they are the main source of information! Can they replace the Edward R. Murrow and Walter Cronkitea? Unfortunately, the answer is yes - they already occupy these places. The danger is that the audience might understand their satire too seriously. Can you imagine This is a joke - a reality. &quot; This week, Colbert and Stewart go one step further obscuring the boundaries between comedy and news. They urged the millions of spectators to gather on the National Mall in Washington. Jon Stewart called the event &quot;set to restore common sense in American politics.&quot; Analysts say that this gathering will show how much influence these two actually have a jokester on American politics - and it&#39;s not a joke!
 