Organized by the Tourist Board and Baranja Kičendizajn study, sponsored by the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Rural Development, Ministry of Tourism, the Croatian National Tourist Board, Osijek-Baranja County, Osijek County Chamber of Commerce and the Municipality of Princes Vineyards, held on 2 Surduk festival Baranja of 11 to 13 June Baranya places Karanac, Suzi, Zmajevac Rector vineyards and scale. Surduk Baranja festival is an international cultural event that combines wine, arts and tourism. Surduk in Baranya name for the steep, deep usiječen time, the notch formed by the water, a side of his hand reach up to several meters and are usually laced with roots of trees whose crowns cover the gorge, which sometimes looks like a time tunnel. In the Surduc Baranja centuries built their wine cellars so that the wine Surduc today attractive example of cultural heritage in Baranja.
 At this year&#39;s three-day Surduk presented a rich program that has brought together wine show, as open wine cellar, concerts, exhibitions of renowned artists, theatrical performances, art workshops and ethnic and ethno Fair. As part of this year&#39;s festival was held Surduk and international wine judging, which builds on the tradition of evaluating Baranja wines, which are involved this time growers from all over the Croatian wine producers from Hungary. Evaluation began three days before the main festival program in the Ducal vineyards, only announcement of results and awards ceremony was held on 11 June Baranja Wine Fair, one of the main festival event was held on the same day. Open Day held on 12 basement and 13 June on the entire territory of the municipality Princes Vineyards. Artistic conception Surduk festival is based on the idea of creating a trail of art and wine in the Baranja region.
 Music program was held at the pools in the Rector&#39;s vineyards and the Surduc in Shushan and Zmajevac next wine cellars open for tasting wines and authentic foods. Occurred in several local ethnic composition, and most musicians from the Croatian and neighboring countries. On Sunday, 13 June open house in Hungary Zmajevac. Wine cellars had opened the doors of which were shown Beljci old cellar and archive high quality wines and hosted the show fine wine, and the square in Karanac held etnosajam.
 