Polish airline disaster in which he laid low almost the entire political and military leadership Polish elite, can be literally interpreted as another airline disasters among others, as a serious drama for the victims and the entire Polish nation. Accidents caused due to fog, pilot errors or because of technical schedules, it is too early for conclusions ... But how, over these contingent and worldly thoughts, do not perceive a tragic &quot;accident&quot;, and the fatal irony of history? Because this accident occurred just in the Russian city of Smolensk, 70 years after the Stalinist massacre of 22,000 Polish officers by the NKVD (the 1940th year), where they are supposed to President Lech Kaczynski, the Polish delegation, symbolic gift. This is set to be held for three days later after a symbolic ceremony where they are, side by side, in Katyn, joined by Russian Prime Minister Putin and Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk, who first put together tribute to the victims.
 Although the airline disaster is a national tragedy for the Polish people, I am convinced that the solidity and durability of the Polish democratic institutions fail to suffer this sudden political-institutional disorder. What is surprising and deserves further reflection is difficult to explain the link that connects the plane crash (flight or technical nature) and a historical tragedy like Katyn, and to face the same symbolic place where the fate of two Polish in the time span of 70 years, teleskopirale say so, and are in a lightning moment together, the force of gravitational attraction in the same area. The phenomenon will surely intrigue a number of researchers, historians, and supporters of the conspiracy theories. I think that such a phenomenon can not be explained only with the secular and scientific approach, and that certainly includes a trans-historičnu dimension that is difficult to conceptualize.
 As the swiftness of the fall air clears all cognitive categories and can be understood only by imagination. United mediatization in real time this tragic event, as well as the simultaneous transfer of emotional reactions in public opinion in Poland and around the world, surely tell us that today&#39;s real-time becomes eminently political time, and that the real space has the political reality only through direct transmission of events throughout the world , as well as in the case of this tragic event. Specifically, a famous architect and urban planner, Paul Virilio, proved that there are negative consequences of technological power and speed and those that govern the transportation area, the more you move the spatial-temporal boundaries of the imperatives of speed and omnipresent. He also talks about &quot;dromokraciji&quot; as a new form of post-modern democracy where the speed factor plays a key role in organizing the society.
 As a political economy of national resources, and created the political economy of speed. Speed is always a latent or detected involves violence, a process of acceleration is always flirt with deadly dispositives. This world of speed in the field of telecommunications, transport and transmission, which fetishizes on behalf of constant progress, seeks to destroy not only aboliranjem distancija between Tiananmen and the London, Paris and New York, (in this tragic case between Warsaw and Smolensk), but also themselves ontological status of history, and placing a human in space-time frames. Each technological innovation carries with it despite the positive result, and deadly products of destruction, when they are not aligned with a spiritual dimension. That&#39;s what Spengler explained, when speaking techniques that will be understood only if we start from the human soul. Specifically, the Polish airline disaster illustrates the peculiar mutation young Polish democracy is still preoccupied with the renovation and operation of collective memory and historical consciousness in contemporary dromokraciju which exceeds the memorial memory processes.
 Unfortunately, it has cost the lives of an entire elite, which is paradoxical to have to gather at the site of the historic tragedy deeply rooted in time, space and collective memory. Rilke once said that &quot;everything that happens occurs with such speed that no one can predict it. Events occur, without anyone can go faster than the &#39;creation&#39; event. &quot; Speed is an absolute surprise. Dominant historiography is limited to analyzing the facts and events based on &quot;long periods&quot;. However this tragic event, proves the need to focus on the study of &quot;accidental history&quot;, made exclusively with brutal interruptions. History is a nation facing constant ubrzivanja processes, communications, transport, consumption, etc, so serial traffic accidents are becoming banalizirane phenomena in everyday life. There are also contemporary culture and art a great interest in &quot;aesthetic catastrophe&quot; and &quot;ruin&quot;, as much as it seemed morbid.
 We live with the conviction that living in a &quot;moment&quot; in real time can only be correctly and profitably. &quot; Today, few people pay attention to the past and the future of worrying in vain. All we can strive to present you one way to speed up and more dynamic. This &quot;real time&quot; the accident of accidents, it is not Fukuyama&#39;s &quot;end of history, but the framing of the crisis in the history of the rim. Poland to airline disasters occurred in real time as the tragic origins of our contemporary society the risk that the constant technological developments generate new social risks. The question that remains open and reaches metafizične dimension is her house and connect with other tragic chapter of Polish history and the Katyn massacre, which has long been interpreted by officials and &quot;political correct&quot; historians and analysts, as well as Bleiburg in Croatia, as a &quot;detail of history , or &quot;accident of history&quot;, an unfortunate practice that &quot;turbulent times&quot;, when it was in the name of the official communist ideology with impunity to kill and dispose of political opponents in the name of &quot;historic moment&quot; and &quot;revolutionary progress.
 Ironically, fate wanted to be in the same area faced a tragic &quot;accident of history&quot; and an &quot;absolute historical crime&quot; that was anything but &quot;historical accident&quot;, it was like Bleiburg in Croatia, invented a systematic, planned and implemented for years to systematically and deliberately historically silenced. So in all post-communist transition countries, in the name of the imperatives of the future, carried out a systematic process of historical acceleration, which, because of the necessity to adapt to the neoliberal market dynamics, systematically deny and revise the historical facts of the past, which is evident in Croatia when it comes to criminalizing Homeland War. Writer Norman Speer says that &quot;the contents of memory depends on the speed of forgetting.&quot; When we encourage and speed, then directly or indirectly, in particular in the fields of politics and history, and we encourage the &quot;forgotten&quot;. Modern technology of &quot;real time&quot; and mondialisation time carry the violent process of forgetting and staging of reality.
  