Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal on Monday at a press conference and threatened to government and the U.S. federal government &quot;to take matters into their own hands&quot;, listing requests sent by BP and the Coast Guard for a floating barrier, the collector and other equipment, noting that Shipping is still much less than necessary. Around 105 kilometers of the coast of Louisiana is polluted by oil, &quot;said Jindal, while his colleagues showed pictures of pelicans and small black and white dolphin, known as&quot; porpoise &quot;, stained by oil. Doug Suttles, the chief operating officer of BP-in on Monday on all three U.S. national television networks NBC, ABC and CBS - has sent the same message: the BP is growing dissatisfaction with the inability to stop the leak millions of gallons of oil wells in the Deepwater Horizon, the which is 20 April exploded, caught fire and sank platform. &quot;We are doing everything we can, that&#39;s all I know,&quot; said Suttles to show NBC&#39;s &quot;Today.&quot;
 In the meantime, the reduced amount of oil that is collected from BP for broken installation of wells, with 1500 meters long tube inserted into the installation. BP spokesman John Curry said on Monday that on Sunday, collected about 213 tons, to 260 tonnes on Saturday and 418 tonnes on Friday. BP has announced that from Tuesday to Wednesday to postpone an attempt to close the well, which is in the dictionary naftaškom called &quot;top kill&quot;, which involves pumping large quantities of silt into the well and then its closure concrete. &quot;It could slip to Wednesday, because it is a one-day surgery,&quot; she said at a press conference Mary Landry, Admiral of the Coast Guard. Criticized for ineffectiveness in stopping the ecological disaster in the U.S. Gulf coast all the more moderate the Obama administration, followed by comparison with the slow and ineffective response of the Bush administration prior to the devastating Hurricane Katrina 2005th
 , in the same area.
 