Republic of Nicaragua is a country in Central America. It borders with Honduras and Costa Rica in the north to the south. On the west exit to the Pacific Ocean, and east to the Caribbean Sea. [Edit] History Before the arrival of Europeans in Nicaragua lived Indian tribe. According to the most numerous among them, the tribe Nicarao country was named (nicarao + agua, chin. &quot;Water&quot;). The Spaniards colonized the 1524th and independence was granted 1821st Connects to the United Provinces of Central America in the period to 1838. after which it became an independent republic 1854th From the very beginning of national history space Nicaragua was an area of strategic, political and commercial interests of the United States. The state has survived the U.S. military intervention and the long period of military dictatorship. 1979th Government has taken a multi-party coalition. Conflicts within the coalition led to a situation in which power is seized Daniel Ortega, elected president of the 1984th
 Ortega and his Sandinista followers launched a series of ambitious social reforms. As civil war in which the United States helping insurgents known as &quot;Contras&quot;. 1990th have held multiparty elections, after which begins usually a quiet period. [Edit] Economy Nicaraguan economy was oriented to the export of tropical plants and products: bananas, coffee and tobacco. It was produced and quality rum and beef cattle. During the civil war, much of the infrastructure was damaged or destroyed, and the economic blockade imposed by the United States has led to economic collapse and massive inflation. After the war, privatized many industrial facilities that were owned by the state, and inflation is reduced to a bearable level. In recent years, the economy recorded rapid growth. [Edit] Population about 69% of the population do mestic, descendants of Europeans and indigenous people. Descendants of immigrant Europeans have about 17%, mainly of Spanish origin.
  Fill it to Wikipedia. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikaragva Categories: Stubs States | Nicaragua
 