Hariri murder 15/02/2005 - billionaire and former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Al-Hariri was killed in an explosion, probably a car bomb, while the columns of his armored car vehicle Beirut Corniche. In addition to the killed another 21 people, mostly bodyguards and escorts. The explosion broke down the adjacent St. George Hotel, izranjavala another hundred people, burnt several cars and left a large crater. Surprise, because the situation in Beirut was peaceful. But during the Lebanese civil war, car bombs were a local specialty, the terrorist part of folklore. It is not clear to whom Hariri was troubled, and what are the criminals it wanted to achieve. Formerly it was the middle man. He has collaborated with the Syrians, who hold in Lebanon some 13,000 soldiers and dictate who can and who can not be in politics in this country. At the same time promote their own financial interests and the Saudi. But he joined the opposition when the Syrians isforsirali third Lahoud&#39;s presidential term.
 Recently aligned itself with those forces that seek the withdrawal of Syria contingent. This could mean that the Saudi-Syrian relations seriously disturbed. As expected, the Lebanese opposition in unison we point the finger towards Syria and its sole prosirijskoj authorities. The Americans withdrew its ambassador from Damascus. I do not see how the disappearance of Hariri the Syrians could have used. Exposed to the US-Israeli Pressing for their influence in Lebanese politics and support to Shiite Hizbul (Party of God) - can only lose them destabilize the country that is actually an extension. Although I, like many Arab friends, a priori fixed at Mosad, I think it would benefit most from this drama could not draw just Israel. He was bothered earlier undeclared and politically contrived, but effective, partnership two Arab regimes - Syria and Saudi Arabia - a supposedly left-wing, and other conservative-reactionary, that he does not favor.
 Would correspond to his termination of this alliance, the murder of Hariri, if you see &quot;how to&quot; be accelerated. Additionally, we now have a chance to expel Syria from Lebanon. 02/09/2004 - The UN Security Council today adopted a resolution 1559, which requires: (1) that the Lebanese government establish a &quot;full sovereignty over the whole national territory&quot; (2) the withdrawal of &quot;all foreign troops&quot; from Lebanese territory, referring to Syria, but also to Israel, which holds under its occupation of some 500 km2 in the south of Lebanon, (3) disarmament and disbanding of &quot;all Lebanese militias and nelibanonskih&quot;, which refers to the Hizbul and Palestinian militias. 22/02/2005 - The general strike in Beirut, mass demonstrations and riots forced the parliamentarians prosirijsku Omar Karamea government to resign. But the demonstration, which lasts for days, will continue - in the words of one opposition MPs - the evacuation of Syrian forces.
 Will escalate the pressure on all usamljenijeg President Emile Lahoud. Official Damascus is trying to get away from vice. Conciliatory statement by Minister of Information Mahdi Dahlale transmit all international agencies. Damascus, says he is ready to cooperate with the UN in implementing Security Council resolutions. Trying to cheer up Washington, Damascus, he delivered some of Saddam Hussein&#39;s half brother, who had taken refuge in Syria after the U.S. invasion of Iraq. At the same time he retired head of Syrian military intelligence. 09/03/2005 - Days at the invitation of the Lebanese opposition held demonstrations in Beirut against prosirijskog regime, demanding the withdrawal of Syrian forces. Days at the invitation of the Lebanese opposition held demonstrations in Beirut against prosirijskog regime, demanding the withdrawal of Syrian forces. Yesterday they arranged prosirijske kontrademonstracije, which gathered more than one million people yesterday, however, arranged prosirijske kontrademonstracije, which gathered more than a million people.
 Networks have outperformed all the opposition managed to gather earlier. Mounted images are Syria President Bashar al-Assad and Syria boards Thanksgiving. The main organizer was their Shiite Hizbul, which also shows off his muscles. But there was a lot of Sunnis and Christians. Walid Kaziha, my colleague at the University of Cairo, or Syrian-born, now he was beaming. I doubt, however, not only because we are both Lebanese are suspicious of political alternatives, but also because the polarization of such mass Lebanon could escalate to a new civil war. I&#39;m afraid irakizacije Lebanon, as previously, thanks to the Americans, I libanoniziran Iraq. 17/03/2005 - The opposition once again seeking the complete withdrawal of Syrian forces. Also requires the prosirijskog President Lahoud and Prime Minister of Karamea, where parliament has just entrusted to a new term - call early parliamentary elections.
 Otherwise, the Syrians began to withdraw its army and agency services. It was evacuated their main intelligence center in Beirut. My Lebanese friends in Cairo delight. Most of the Maronites. The withdrawal of the Syrians and the victory of the coalition, &quot;14 March&quot; 04/04/2005 - After 29 years of military involvement in Lebanon, today left the country and the last Syrian soldier. 13/04/2005 - Since he failed to form a government, Karam was returned to President Lahoud&#39;s mandate. This was announced by the parliamentary elections, which will be held between 29 May and 19 June 19/07/2005 - At the just held elections, has prevailed antisirijski block &quot;14 March&quot;. Led by Saad Hariri, son of slain Rafik. Won is 72 parliamentary seats in the 128-member National Assembly. Its candidate, Fouad Siniora, President Lahoud&#39;s mandate entrusted to form a new government. The government, the parliament approved, includes representatives of all major Lebanese political forces, except for the Free Patriotic Movement of General Aoun.
 Time is almost finished &quot;cedar revolution&quot; (a term launched by Americans, and should associate the &quot;color revolutions&quot; in the territory of the former Soviet Union), started with the murder of Hariri. The Israeli war against Hizbulaha 14/07/2006 - In a skirmish on the poorly defined the Israeli-Lebanese border, Hizbulaha fighters captured two Israeli Soldat. He immediately launched massive retaliation. Bombed the alleged goals of the Lebanese &quot;terrorist&quot; organizations, but also beirutski airport, bridges and roads. In particular, destroying two key roads: one between Beirut and Damascus, and one that leads to Tyra and Sidon in southern Lebanon. Of course, again, civilians are dying. Imposed a naval blockade. This is state terrorism. Now the Arabs still užurbali. The Arab League has called for the ministerial meeting. UN Secretary General has sent the three-member mission to the Middle East. What will it all turn out is not clear.
 Israel now has a problem with its three captured soldiers (one was captured by Palestinians on the border with Gaza). There will not clear what relationship exists between the power plant in Gaza or beirutskog civilian airport and &quot;terrorism&quot;. It is not clear how one can justify killing so many civilians, but Israel is allowed to negotiate with &quot;terrorists&quot; who were &quot;kidnapped&quot; (terrorists, according to this logic, does not capture). And they went into a real &quot;war&quot; to liberate &quot;kidnapped&quot;, which directly threaten their lives. Later, remember to also punish &quot;terrorists&quot; for firing rockets. It is not clear what relationship exists between the power plant in Gaza or beirutskog civilian airport and &quot;terrorism&quot;. It is not clear how one can justify killing so many civilians, but Israel is allowed. 15/07/2006 - The Israeli air force has now destroyed the last bridge on the road that connects Beirut with Damascus. I crossed over twenty years of the same bridge on the Litani river, the valley Beke, some ten kilometers from the border crossing Store.
 Then we Maja and I rented a taxi, that same path then fled from the Israeli destruction of Beirut. Now it is repeated, but a lot more systematic. Bombarded and beirutska port and a newly renovated city center, and dozens of other goals. The ambition of the Israeli soldiery to force the Lebanese government to disarm and neutralize the Hizbul and release &quot;kidnapped&quot; sold. A Siniorina government to sneak in a mouse hole. He barely managed to make a few anemic protest. Hizbulahove rockets, meanwhile, hit an Israeli military boat. Katyusha from southern Lebanon at random but according to Israeli settlements along the border. A lot of Lebanese were killed, some injured Israelis. Israelis say they are Hizbulahove rockets of Iranian origin and how it serves the Iranian crew. Bush, who repeated that Israel had &quot;the right to defense, accusing Syria and Iran for supporting terrorists Hizbulaha. It is not clear whether the intention tandem Washington - Tel Aviv to expand the war and these two countries.
 World&#39;s reaction to the Israeli brutality are extremely pale. Only the French President Chirac was explicit in his condemnation. Arabs are still &quot;intensely negotiated. 20/07/2006 - Israelis do it thoroughly. It is not only trying to neutralize the Hizbul, but systematically banging on the economic infrastructure of the country. Punishing all Lebanese. Shooting at airports, ports, roads and bridges, oil depots, power stations, telegraph poles, water tanks, and do not hesitate to bombard any densely populated areas. The southern district of the capital, where they sow the concentrated, almost razed to the ground. They beat and the Lebanese army barracks, although this is not a finger threatened. The campaign was pre-planned, and Americans have certainly approved. It was not an ad hoc reaction to the &quot;kidnapping&quot; of Israeli soldiers, it was only an excuse to be waited for. IDF soldiers penetrated into the southern part of Lebanon, where the encounter tough resistance guerrillas Hizbulaha.
 These correspond to the rockets that reach Haifa, Tiberias and Nazareth, but falling at random. There are some thirty were killed by Israeli is also mostly civilians. Hizbul claims to have shot down two F-15 fighter jet, which is the Israeli side denied. Lebanon, with a renewed passion after its long civil war, now returns a decade ago. In the past nine days has already created masses of half a million internal refugees. More than a hundred thousand Lebanese and foreigners sought refuge in neighboring Syria. Dead, surprisingly, has no more than a few hundred according to the testimony of Lebanese Prime Minister Siniora (our chiefs of war, particularly in Bosnia and Herzegovina, were much more effective!). Horrible. Americans, according to some information given Israel the green light for another seven days of war actions. Then Condoleezza Rice will come to the site and &quot;mediate&quot; between not Hizbulaha and Hamas on one side and Israel on the other, but between Israel, Egypt and Lebanon&#39;s government.
 Cease-fire for now require some Arab countries. France proposed a UN Security Council resolution to that effect, but the Anglo-Americans have rejected. French Prime Minister De Villepin is in solidarity with Lebanon came to Beirut. A destruction of Lebanon continues. Israel, even takes time to finish off the job, or disable the Hizbul and banish him from southern Lebanon. This will assign to strategists tandem USA-Israel, will be a severe blow &quot;Shiite crescent&quot;, would-be alliance of Iran, Iraq&#39;s Shiite majority, alauitskog leadership of Syria and Shi&#39;ite Hizbulaha. They reportedly oppose &quot;Sunni triangle&quot; comprising Egypt, Saudi Arabia and Jordan. The Saudis, who have their own Shiite minority in the province of Hasa, nibbling on the hook. Sunni governments of these three countries, under the baton of Washington, all the blame for the current Calvary Palestinians in the occupied territories previously laid on Hamas, and the current war on Lebanon Hizbul.
 But the Israelis do it thoroughly. Shooting at airports, ports, roads and bridges, oil depots, power stations, telegraph poles, water tanks, and do not hesitate to either bomb the heavily populated mjestakonstrukcija the Shiite-Sunni conflict is grotesque, only serves to call attention to the current Israeli war rampage. In addition, it is potentially explosive because it is trying to divide the Middle East by religious rifts. Paradoxically, the Al-Qaeda also strives to expand the schism between Iraqi Shiites and Sunnis. Both are dangerous to play with religion. A new Amero-Israeli theory of a &quot;crescent&quot; and &quot;triangle&quot; (the Sunnis are now, except prokazanoga Hamas, apparently the &quot;right&quot; side), just go in that direction. As more Sunnis and Shiites together glože and kill in Iraq, the better for the occupation forces, whose arbitration will eventually rule. Americans, otherwise, it brings up a new force in Baghdad, where they are practically obsessed with the Iraqi government and parliament in the famous Green Zone.
 The peak svinjarije and hypocrisy: it was announced that Israel will allow the delivery of &quot;humanitarian aid&quot; to Lebanon. The other nastiness: Rice at a meeting at the UN said it was outrageous behavior Hizbulaha (revolting). Of course, what everyone is doing Israel&#39;s &quot;legitimate defense&quot;. 13/08/2006 - Your holiday in the country try to as much as possible, follow the continuation of the war in Lebanon. Without access to the Internet is difficult, because the Croatian printed media largely ignore the outside world. Some eight days before the Israeli missile leveled multi-storey building in Qana, killing 54 civilians, of which 37 kids. IDF spokesman was as usual claimed that Hizbul used the civilians as &quot;human shields&quot;. At the same time the Israeli air attack kills 4 UN observers. This is the third attack on the fixed observation of the UN in Lebanon, whose locations are well known for years. It&#39;s not a bug, because the UN sheep unpleasant witnesses.
 But even this is a crime without conviction remained. Before three days to Gamal Mubarak, son of Egyptian President, appeared in Beirut led numerous delegations of Egypt&#39;s ruling National Democratic Party. Not a word about it with anyone he met and what he said. But it was a late manifestation of &quot;solidarity&quot; with Lebanon, but also a gesture of appeasement to the Egyptian public, who could not understand the behavior of their own regime by Israeli rampage in Gaza and Lebanon. After long wrangling, today the UN Security Council agreed the text of a joint Franco-American resolution 1,701th Hizbul is ordered to immediately stop &quot;all attacks&quot; and Israel &quot;all offensive operations&quot; (the interpretation of the Israeli bombardment and invasion of Lebanon are &quot;defensive operation&quot;). Since then Israeli forces are expected to withdraw from southern Lebanon (no date), where it will deploy the Lebanese army forces, which will support a contingent of 15,000 UN troops (sanitary cordon is therefore established on the Lebanese side of the border to the Litani River, and not in Israel).
 The resolution, however, leaves much unresolved. What will happen to the two Israeli soldiers held by the Hizbul is those three hundredths of Lebanese in Israeli jails who are looking for in return? What will be the status of Sheba farms, which Lebanon claims, and hold the Israelis? What with the constant nadlijetanjima Israeli military aircraft? As with maritime and air blockade of Lebanon? What sprung by a step with the other bombs that were planted all over Lebanon? Who will pay the enormous damage the destruction of Israel? In addition, it is still unclear how it will be composed of UN peacekeepers. Americans, according to some information given Israel the green light for another seven days of war actions. Then Condoleezza Rice will come to the site and &quot;mediate&quot; between not Hizbulaha and Hamas on one side and Israel on the other, but between Israel, Egypt and the Government of Lebanon War itself, if the ceasefire held, the result ended in a draw.
 That many Arabs in their wars with Israel has not been lucky, because it is straight victory, which was responsible for Hizbul. Nasrallaha Hassan, its leader, is now celebrated throughout the Arab world as a hero. Hizbul has not been destroyed, and apparently will not be disarmed. Recorded 28.8. : EU foreign ministers have finally reached agreement on sending peacekeepers. Isprsili the Italians, Prodi and D&#39;Alema, while Chirac and his team mudrovao. But together are not willing to send more than 4500-5000 Soldat. The rest will have to fill the other Europeans, but did not turn out that this is an exclusive EU operation will have to find additional volunteers. Israel is excluded in advance peacemakers countries with which there is no diplomatic relations (although these will be deployed on the territory of Israel!), And apparently the UN has laid the ore. This automatically eliminates the majority of Muslim countries.
 Americans have not offered their contingent. Surely they understood that their role would be counterproductive. Left the field work in the EU, but have not relinquished their allies no role in shaping the future Middle East policy. Powerbrokeri remain only in this region. The Israeli withdrawal 23/09/2006 - On Sunday, the last Israeli troops should withdraw from Lebanon, but on how global agencies are silent. Dat is admittedly publicity arriving regular Lebanese army to the Israeli border. There are somewhere allocated and the first units of UN peacekeepers. The only news about them is that they have established Mine Action Center. The problem of the unexploded cluster bomblets. It is claimed that there are over a million per rasijanih southern Lebanon. Refugees returning to their destroyed homes in the region, already dying. UN require Israel indication on where the bombs were thrown, as those rejected.
 UN Security Council established a tribunal to try suspects for the murder of former Lebanese Prime Minister Hariri. The timing was not as it should, because the additional findings of the Commission of the UN, seems to indicate the truck-bombers, which is no style of the Syrians and their Lebanese adjutant, but the process of terrorists who are covered behind the flag of Islam. Not that the Syrians hesitate to kill their opponents, but they are still working on the &quot;traditional&quot; way - a bullet in his head, a bomb placed under a car or a mine buried beneath the road. Elimination Hariri more points on the methods of other Al Qaeda and radical Islamists. I do not exclude, however, the environmental scenario of some intelligence, which is cared expel the Syrians from Lebanon. The murder of Hariri, who was a commercial associated with the Saudi dynasty, sparked a chain reaction, which, after the withdrawal of Syrian forces from Lebanon, which culminated with the recent Israeli aggression.
 This missed the target. Hassan Nasrallah, Hizbulaha champion, the other day, the three hundred thousand enthusiastic supporters, celebrated the &quot;victory&quot; over Israel&#39;s soldiery. In Israel, Prime Minister Olmert has in turn become the target of fierce criticism for failure led war. The first victim was his Chief of Staff, who resigned.
 