We also exchanged views on establishing a joint investment corporation BH-Iran, through which the IR Iran invest their funds in a joint short-term, medium-and long-term projects, imports of consumer goods produced in BiH, and in infrastructure and energy projects. Ambassador Hadžikadunić met Akbarijem Sadek, Director General for Foreign Economic Relations in the Organization for Investment, Economic and Technical Assistance of Iran, then with Nouruzijem, the representative of the Department of Economic Affairs in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Iran, Samir Ravanaom, desk officer for Bosnia and Herzegovina in Iran&#39;s Chamber of Foreign Trade, Industry and Mines, and with Soleimanijem, the representative of Iran&#39;s Investment Corporation. Meetings by Hadžikadunić held with representatives of Iran&#39;s financial and economic institutions were held as part of the visit by a delegation of businessmen and representatives of the Chamber Federation implemented in Tehran during the period 08th
 - 12 October in Tehran. The delegation was represented one p.m. companies with a total of seventeen representatives. Chamber of Commerce Federation was represented by its director Avdo Rapa. Besides the tour of the fair industry and fair hydro, economic delegation also had numerous meetings with representatives of the Iranian state institutions, as well as with potential Iranian partners. The premises Šipad&#39;s offices in Tehran was officially opened electronically Balkan Trade Center, an information portal that compiles information on economic entities in BiH in English and Persian, and that the Iranian private entrepreneurs will be easier to find potential business partners in BiH. The Iranian Chamber of Foreign Trade, Industry and Mines has received an economic delegation Ebrahim mosques, a member of the Governing Board of the Chamber. He was, among other things, he expressed particular satisfaction with the launch of the Balkan Trade Center as a valuable source of information about entrepreneurs in BiH.
 