Finance Ministers of the G20 group of countries held Friday and Saturday in the South Korean city of Gyeongjuu preparatory meeting ahead of a summit to be held next month in Seoul. Although before the meeting seemed to be during a session of the situation around smoldering war incandesce currency, seems to be still performed in a truce. But the danger that the situation that analysts refer to as &quot;fake war&quot; again uzavrije not eliminated. Specifically, China and the United States have a completely different view on the issue of yuan: The Americans claim that the Chinese currency is undervalued, while the Chinese do not accept it. Washington and Beijing that are meeting each other all the time criticized the blame for the global imbalance between national currencies. Their views could lead to protectionism as it was last seen the thirties of last century. And then the world economic recovery was the &#39;loose legs&#39;.
 It is therefore not surprising that the U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner on the return from meetings in South Korea stopped in China, and with Deputy Prime Minister Wang Qishanom discuss &quot;bilateral economic issues,&quot; primarily on the exchange rate of yuan, which Washington is so tormented. Geithner is also a working lunch with Chinese officials touched on the issues most likely course. Washington believes that Chinese leaders are artificially maintained (too) low exchange rate of yuan to preserve a high level of exports. Otherwise, at the end of a two-day meeting in Gyeongju, the finance ministers and central bank governors have called for the prevention of war exchange. The final declaration stressed that they want to &quot;move towards a market-driven exchange rate systems that will reduce the competitiveness of the value of currency&quot;, and that the G20 should avoid any form of protectionism. Disagreements over foreign exchange policy have been ongoing for months, and in recent times to hear accusations that some countries are held artificially low exchange rate to boost their economies.
 Participants stressed that the economic recovery, two years after the peak of the global financial crisis, is still weak. Many emerging economies grow rapidly, but the rate of growth of advanced economies is still moderate, it has been concluded. However, important is the fact the meeting was agreed to reform the IMF. Under the agreement, European countries have waived the two seats in the 24-member board of directors in favor of developing economies, like China, which will become the third country influence in the IMF. Also, the agreement provides additional emerging economies more than six percent of the voting rights, reports Reuters. IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn welcomed the deal saying it &quot;historic.&quot; &quot;This is the biggest reform of the management of this institution in history,&quot; said Strauss-Kahn.
 