Photo: Getty CASE EPILOGUE RITZ &quot;Excuse me if they may have given them a new chance&quot; Tomislav Novak / 02.11.2010. 14:35:05 Reporter Jutarnji list who followed the case from the beginning of Luke and the Ritz in intensive journalistic investigation, sometimes faster than police, discovered some of the key tracks that led to the killer, the first time reconstruct in detail what was happening to the young man&#39;s murder arrest criminals told me to hold you and I and hugged. I told you that I love very much. Then we agreed on when I&#39;ll come again. But tomorrow, and no more - so begins the suicide note, red-haired Joan, a girl murdered graduate of Luka Ritz. The June and an unusually warm evening were together last. Several hours later, Luke is knocked unconscious in the bathroom. He died on the operating table. &quot;I love you terribly, Luka Ritz, and I&#39;m glad I had time for you to say. I lost you, but I&#39;m glad to meet you. &quot;Thus ends her letter.
 He wrote it two and a half years. The ink is faded, but the sadness remains. Life and death of Luka Ritz out of many get the best, and only some of the worst. He changed the lives of many who knew him. First of all, irrevocably changed the lives of those who killed him. &quot;People are kind,&quot; he wrote in a school assignment, &quot;a murder of their lives on the dark side of the brain. If you forgive them, maybe we gave them a new chance. I have raised in such a family. &quot;Luka Ritz and his friend were two statistical figures in the whole sea of victims of hooliganism beating; completely random target oholih six young men who were on their way to the house looking for a fight. They asked them to rate three. When they did not get, izudarali them and fled. That&#39;s right, completely banal, began the largest and most significant case of street violence in Zagreb in the last ten years. Fran Despića three were unknown killer stabbed with knives and cut his neck, just three months ago in a park pond.
 Port Marinca two were friends a year before the beat all night in an apartment on the morning of labor and threw it on the grass to die. Both cases are eerie and nauseating beyond all boundaries. But the only case of graduates Ritz united and started, at least briefly, the entire city. At first I reluctantly followed the case. At the end of me changed. Now, a day after the verdict attackers, some details are published for the first time. It happened in the first June 2008. One of the night, just a day before the big prom graphic school. Iggy Pop has just finished a gig at the lake Bundek. Is noisy. It is drunk and sings. Luke and his friend are separated from society and moving the bus stop. Tomorrow is an important evening, you should be prepared. On the east side quickly and loudly approached six boys. Žicaju money. Luke im not that. They have already had planned to go, but two in the last minute decide to return. Well, nobody refuses them. At that moment sealed the fate of all eight boys and their families.
 A brief altercation leads to attack, and five rushing to me shortly on two friends. Sixth, later revealed in the last minute changed his mind and ran away. Although he later partially participated in the investigation, his name was never again mentioned. Port of feet hitting the head. Falling on the concrete floor, his head hits the curb. Trying to escape, but attackers are relentless. Listing breaks nose, blood everywhere. The attackers fled the building next to the INA, and Avenue Mall and beyond the safety of their neighborhoods. &quot;Mama, forgive me for what I knew to defend,&quot; says the mother of Luke in the hospital, and she cries. &quot;It&#39;s not your fault, son, do not blame you,&quot; he repeated. Because the attack was in bed at the intensive care unit spent four days, and when the findings showed that everything was clean, was released to home care. In the first moment I missed the news of his beatings. And yet no one could know what an earthquake is followed by a few newspapers are attacking the young graduates who give more than a column in a corner of the page the crime.
 On offense had not even the police reacted. In the first two weeks have questioned only Luke and his friends. Because of such cases end up with a few dollars of damage, sometimes bruises or in the worst case scenario, broken nose, no one will pull overtime. And then someone photographed the pale young man in black sitting in the next Mirogoju funeral procession. Sick him, and lights a cigarette. Hand across forehead, shaking his head. All his friends in black, with white roses in their hands. Girls cry. Photo is from Luke&#39;s funeral, held on the day of graduation, when Luke was 12 days after the beating died on the operating table due to haemorrhage into the brain. Luke loved John, and rock and roll. In a tiny apartment in Dugavama ever was supplying the company. In his room the first time the band held rehearsals Shangri La, where he played bass guitar. With his father Renom watched the films of Tim Burton.
 Mother Susanna told him that she wants to be a journalist. Write music reviews. &quot;The room is filled with boxes in which the packed my Luke. In them, our rings, our dreams, our love, &quot;writes John last dedication to the blog. In the days that follow, Suzanne opens us to cover his zadaćnice together and going through photo albums. Luke writes about the death penalty. It is everyone&#39;s right to breathe, says in his text. And yet I knew nothing about the family Ritz. With them was contacted, an official from scratch, and later, as the search for the killers expanding rapidly, more and private, from evening to evening, Marinko, a very good friend in the newsroom. Once while we were sitting in the clouds of smoke in a downtown špelunki suddenly pulled out a Lien&#39;s letter and read it to me so long silent. Then we decided to bite into the story. And we were not alone. Luke&#39;s search for the attackers become the most important stories that fall. Police to justify the numbers.
 Their reports were accurate and constant: in 40 days have questioned more than 200 people. In 90 days more than a thousand people, and the murder of Luka Ritz&#39;s most important is a police case and the subject of intense investigation. The figure is almost five months after the stop at 1500 interviews and 60 recognizing the center krimpolicije in Heinzelova street. Luke&#39;s friend who is only a good twice a week saw the attackers came to the station and offered the person trying to identify the five players who attacked them. Nobody recognized. His identity was never released in the media. However, the case is constantly returning to the first field. Nobody saw anything, nobody heard anything. Editors are we, like other editors and journalists, sent to the field. In two months we talked with 60 people, Lukinih friends and acquaintances, as people that we recommend. We met many young people full of energy and we often went late into the night clubs and bars listening to gossip and speculation.
 Some have said that the murderers of children known businessman and politician and never held accountable for committed, others that the attackers are not from Zagreb, and some have argued that the name of the killer on the street already knows and that he was beaten three times in retaliation. In fact, we had nothing. But, this time in a small cafe in downtown Zagreb on emerging ideas that will ultimately lead to the perpetrators. Thirteen in Dežmanovoj was a favorite cafe Luka Ritz. There, in his regular booth drinking coffee with his buddies. There, we told the boss, and made one of the last photos of the living Luke, in the midst of a birthday celebration. There were his friends decided to print 800 flyers in ordinary A4 format. It is 800 raw and simple posters that led to the final twist in the case. &quot;Zagreb, why štitiš killer?&quot;, Screamed the headline over the police photofits one of the perpetrators, which is, in fact, the only concrete clue police.
 They got him out two eyewitness descriptions of the beatings. One of them was driving along when he saw Bundek The victims and the attackers blew them away. I called the police, as well as other eyewitness, the bus that went in the opposite direction. With Luke&#39;s friends were in both of these actions paste posters around town. &quot;Ma and paste the statue of Ban Jelacic, let us arrested,&quot; they said. We assisted them with the hand. I recorded everything. &quot;After all, every man to die so many times how many times to lose your friends, right?&quot; One asked me. &quot;You see, we are gathered here only do not lose&quot; themselves and respond. With them were in a coffee shop and sat Suzana and Reno, and then I am, in fact, first met in person. &quot;Listen, maybe somewhere up there is someone who watches all this and notes&quot; that evening I told Suzanne that sentence will be repeated several times much later. The day after Luke&#39;s death five friends sitting having coffee in New Zagreb in disbelief, read newspapers.
 Graduate, the small čupavi which were ten days ago, beat, has died. Overtakes them cold panic. They all live in Novi Zagreb close to each other and close to Luke. Have seen it before and it just was annoyed with his tufted hair long, dark Ray-Ban sunglasses a rock attitude. These are fateful evening Haklai basketball at a neighborhood playground. They had a few beers and went to spend time Bundek. On the way back they ran into the Čupavci. Slapped him. Nobody came to my mind to kill him. They are all minor except for one who has just turned eighteen. He only has no criminal charges. Others already have a history behind petty theft, breaking and decorating the facade. Just then, a day after Luke&#39;s death, make a pact. Silent about the fight, no one is probably not even seen. Nearly five months took their vow of silence. Some have endured it well and continue normal life, the other in turn began to chase after death.
 The two have started to tick. Plagued by depression, were quieter than normal and poorly slept and ate. Parents became concerned, but none of them even for a moment doubted that it was connected with the case of Ritz. Not their children. One of them is even called the police to detect. Luke&#39;s friend did not recognize him. But now it was clear that they were police on the trail. In the city it was dangerous to hold because they were afraid that they will recognize and report. They remained alone, five of them, cut off from the world and the city where they live, and all njušili their blood. Waiting for one false move, and they are going through hell. Marinko accident and I found ourselves one Friday at a police station in Heinzelova. It was late and the station was deserted, but one of kriminspektora who worked on the case of Ritz agreed to accommodate us. In one of our many conversations about the texts of Luke, a young man whom police did not investigate gave us a mobile number for which he claimed to belong to one of the attackers.
 Care was afraid to report it, so we do this to me. The inspector we have examined in detail, little is kept in a decent chat with us so we went. Until the very end kept the poker face. On Monday, three days later, it was reported that the attackers were arrested. It is likely, but on Friday inspectors knew the names of the attackers, but this is a great hide. At no point did he blinked to our questions about the pressures of society to urgently resolve the case or demonstrated that he is a bit comical our playing detective. Perhaps we are no longer remembers, because shortly after the Ritz followed cases Hodak and Pukanic who have given the police a lot more headaches. When the investigators wrote off all those who were no longer suspected left them five boys: S. W. (18), JJ (16), KM (16), MK (16) and RL (16). Behind these initials and numbers are hidden, despite pokojoj kazenoj report, in fact ordinary young men. One is practicing judo and go to the match Dinamo.
 Another had a girlfriend and I go out. Attacked are indeed in trouble, and increasingly, how they grew up, danced on the edge of the law, but also somehow pushed through high school and led a seemingly normal life. Two have gone to private school in the east of the city, where annual tuition is 32 thousand. Together at the end of October 2008. re invited to an interview at police headquarters. He never revealed who they are broken, but once they started confession admitted everything. Detail. Bored us, they argued, so we were looking for some stronger party. Some of their parents are totally shocked gave brief statements to the press. Mother S. S. and claimed in his only address to the media that her son always helped others, and he wanted to, and Luke, but got scared when he fell bleeding on the floor and fled. JJ&#39;s father has repeatedly said that his son was in the wrong place at the wrong time. Detailed I remember talking to him over the phone a year ago when the avalanche of profanity told me of his son work the media monster.
 &quot;It is clear that it is difficult, but your son is in marked police in three different cases of beatings, I was invited to the official facts. &quot;Oh, where did you that? The police is not right, my son always finds himself in the wrong place at the wrong time. It was his only sin, &quot;he repeated, and coincided. And yet I knew that this conversation have a court trial. It is impossible to explain to him that he made a mistake somewhere. In those days I met with Darko Marines, his father was killed before the young man Luke Marinca. &quot;You&#39;ll see, Thomas, Family Ritz at the trial will only live a real hell. What I experienced was terrible, and it is waiting for them. In these matters killers often have more rights than the victims, &quot;Dire predicted. Unfortunately, in many ways he was right. Suzana and Reno on the first hearing, testified and so did not have a lawyer, many of them did not inform anyone about the proceedings. They have become superfluous and irrelevant, even though they suffered the most because of Luke&#39;s death.
 &quot;The only one we were called inspectors from the police. And not just because of the case but to us ask how we are, &quot;confided one occasion Reno Ritz. As for the juveniles, the Juvenile Division of the Municipal Court in Ilica kazenog trial was immediately closed to the public. It has become a nightmare: the information we had to twitch as we know. Very often, the official responses to our questions were minimized to the notification that the information can not get it because by law the court must protect minors. It is translated as vain, that we often come to the hearing from which we have not received anything. Sometimes it would be a hearing held that none of the journalists did not even know for them. Sometimes we get false alarm, so we waited in vain for hours in front of the Department of Youth. The police conducted their business, Luke&#39;s friends have done and your whole case is slowly but steadily, sinking into poluzaborav. The procedure was delayed from the start and I felt as if Darko Marinac had wrong when he said at a coffee: &quot;Perhaps it is all the law, but it is not humane.
 Hey, I&#39;m the father of that poor child who was killed, and show a little compassion. &quot;Suzana and Reno in the early phase of the trial cleverly removed from everything and decided not to think of the process. During this time the attackers has expired the maximum detention of three months, and that the trial has not even begun. Thus, three of whom were tried in separate proceedings in the court came with freedom. It proved to be a big mistake. JJ in the middle of the trial between the two hearings was involved in another fight, at Mallory Avenue, when he was attacked and beaten up in high school in Velika Gorica. This kid still has nightmares from the attack, visited psychologists and the father is afraid for him. Why does the bully was at liberty, the right to ask the public. In the newspapers judge Jadranka Kos is designated as one of those responsible in the chain that JJ is not behind bars. At the time of the attack in Avenue Mall was on a business trip, but when she returned, I was able to establish telephone contact her.
 The discussion was long and difficult, a judge extremely angry at me because I was one of the signatories of the text in which he mentioned in a negative context. &quot;Well, you do the pressure on the court, and I will destroy his career,&quot; she said through tears. Soon the standard rotation of judges moved the court in Velika Gorica, and the case ultimately led to her replacement, Natalie Glumičić-Ščekić. Here things are not stale. After a hearing in the office welcomed me criminal charges of JJ&#39;s lawyer and a private lawsuit. With this application and the Council of Honor Journalists&#39; Association. She thought that I give details of the proceedings closed to the public, and to the detriment of minors to be tried, and that a broader and disturbing false rumors and calling for a lynching. As the verdict approached, things became more serious and a couple of times I thought he quit to follow the case. &quot;You will probably mention again-JJ in the text? Well just a little calmed down to the rehabilitation center, and finally well, &quot;she told me once his lawyer.
 The verdict was reached this week on Monday. Again, we waited in the rain for hours for someone to publish the conclusion of the court. I again had to deal informally. Two of the five attackers were tried separately earlier, and S. W., The only adult at the time of the attack, his sentence in a correctional institution Turopolje already served. Now a free man. Against the KM and the process was suspended because he participated in the theft of motor therefore is also versed in Turopolje. This is the purpose of his sentence was completed, the court decided. Now a free man. Three of which was adjudicated on Monday angrily left the courtroom, though not gone bad. JJ, who was filling up the columns because of the numerous fights, at the end of the attack on the Ritz is not convicted. Against him were discontinued operation because the purpose is fulfilled when his sentence was referred to the previous Turopolje tussle, decided by the judicial council. Still serving a sentence there.
 MK-imposed in the so-called. juvenile, and speculated that it means a reference to defining the undetermined number of hours of community service. RL, which will soon be 19 years and who was opuzen for causing serious injury to Luke in death, he was a year in prison. As has already spent three months in custody, could serve just nine months, probably in prison in Pozega. These judgments are non-final and they will still decide the Zagreb County Court. The three at large, in a correctional facility and one in jail. Luke in his grave. &quot;They&#39;re lying when they say that time heals all wounds. I will not comment on the verdict, let everyone decide for themselves what kind of message is sent to the penalties the court, &quot;she said Monday Suzana Ritz. Verdict was greeted by itself, with the fame, in their apartment in Dugavama. Suzanne will be today, as well as when they were told that the attackers were arrested, go to work. The same will be done and Reno.
 The memory of the son will keep working in youth counseling, which bears the name of Luka Ritz. I have not had the courage to call to comment on the verdict. John had never met except through the letter and the inspector who has so courteously received in Heinzelova last time I saw the field on Lake Jarun, when they discovered the body parts raskomadanog Serbian dealers Cvetka Simic. Before him is a lot of work. Judge Jadranka Kos for the Municipal Court in Velika Gorica, a Lukini friends still playing in his band, Shangri-La. Mario no longer works as a journalist, because he says it all together pretty sick, and I&#39;m still waiting a decision on criminal charges in the case of Luka Ritz. For other actors in the largest cases of street violence that began banal, grown into a movement, and finished a disappointing verdicts, I do not know where they are. But I know that life and death of Luka Ritz from many get the best. Only some of the worst.
 