Pope Benedict XVI is the second day of his visit to Portugal Portugal dedicated to eminent artists and politicians, while in the afternoon a helicopter flew in Fatima, a famous pilgrimage destination and a sanctuary. AFP PHOTO Holy Father has visited Portugal for the anniversary of the first apparition of the Virgin Mary to three Portuguese shepherd small (May 13, 1917. In), and also the tenth anniversary of the beatification of Marta and Francesco Giacinto Marto, two shepherds and the visionaries, Our Lady said that, among other, and what he later called &quot;third secret of Fatima&quot;. In this secret, Our Lady announces &quot;suffering in the future of the Church,&quot; which &quot;we see that happening now,&quot; said Pope Benedict XVI, the Catholic Church truly goes one of the worst periods ever, because of the scandals with pedophile priests who have been found in various parishes and dioceses throughout the world, who have abused thousands entrusted to them boys and girls.
 &quot;Suffering and persecution do not come from outside the Church, but from the sin that exists inside the country,&quot; said the Holy Father told reporters who accompany him on a trip as soon as they headed towards Portugal, which caused positive reactions worldwide, according to Italian newspaper &quot;La Repubblica &quot;. &quot;The third secret of Fatima, Our Lady also announced the assassination of John Paul II. Which happened 13th svibnja 1981. St. Peter&#39;s Square, when the Polish Pope shot a Turkish terrorist, Ali Agca, &quot;said Pope Benedict XVI and the first visit to the Fatima apparitions, where a chapel in prayer recalled the assassination of one of the most popular head of the Catholic Church ever. nina Kljenak Portugal is changing ... In the ten years that have passed since the previous visit to Pope John Paul II., Portugal has changed considerably. Although the number of declared Catholics Portugal predominantly Catholic country, abortion is no longer a criminal offense, and homosexuals will never be able to marry in accordance with the law passed in February.
 