&quot;We must learn a lesson and take all necessary measures to be such a crisis does not happen again,&quot; he writes in the text which was jointly signed by Angela Merkel and Nicolas Sarkozy and sent to the European Commission and European Council. Deadline escapes: even before the summit in Brussels should be sent a clear signal, where Europe will go into the future. These include the &quot;effective sanctions&quot; for violations of the stability pact euros, but also more control on the national exchequer and to the independent European experts from Eurostat. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Suggestions to prevent speculation against the states prohibit speculation - and no money! Berlin and Paris largely accused and the circumstances in the global capital markets that led to this situation and want to put an end to speculation with government bonds and the omnipotence of the few agencies to evaluate securities. When speculators are &quot;must stop attempts to threaten those adjustments&quot; that were inevitable after overcome economic crisis, writes the proposal.
 It should be banned speculative buying sight unseen (future), especially if such speculation on a possible decline in the value carried out without their own capital. When it comes to the agencies, already have heard the idea of creating a European office for the evaluation of securities, and emphasized the need to consider how existing agencies&#39; influence on the worsening crisis on financial stability. &quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Introduction of the euro should become an honor that must be earned! I must prepare Ljubljana millions! Especially when it comes to limiting the speculators, the leaders in Berlin and Paris will certainly find allies and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. And he seeks to put an end to speculation against individual countries and believes that speculators are &quot;put at risk the foundations of the European Union&quot;. For other suggestions are heard and even tougher measures: for example, Berlin he would like the future, before a country joins the euro zone application to have it put on a &quot;trial period&quot; of the past five years.
 Actually there is already a similar measure after a country of its currency tightly linked to the euro, but it takes much shorter. To that extent and the Polish already heard that most certainly will not join the euro zone 2011th as planned, but at some later date. Sounded and Ljubljana - by no means good will. Because as a member of the eurozone and now it must be made available for the salvation of Greece 384 million euros. Author: A. Subic (dpa) Re. office: Andrea Jung-Grimm
 