Immediately after the applicant organization Amnesty internešnal the trial of George Bush, a former member of the U.S. Congress, Cynthia Mekini also demanded punishment prijedsjednika. The representative of the U.S. Congress said that &quot;George Bush is to blame as much as he was during his presidency, and he should be tried for crimes he committed.&quot; Once you have published memoirs of former U.S. prijedsjednika, George Bush,&#39;&#39;decisive moments&#39;&#39;, were found parts of violations during the 8 years of his presidency. Bush is in this book tried to carry out torture of prisoners show a factor of life for the salvation of the American people from terrorist threats, and submitted a security justification for such an illegal act. But these justifications are not convinced the international community. Amnesty internešnal, one of the most influential organization for the protection of human rights, believes that simulated drowning is a clear example of carrying out torture.
 Bush has admitted that the direct order to the Central Intelligence Agency of America, CIA, allowed the exercise of simulated drowning. The U.S. government several years ago joined the International Convention for the Prohibition of carrying out torture in which the government pledged odreknuti torture and punish perpetrators of torture. Buses violation of the law, in addition to torture, applies to the imposition of war on individual countries as a result of which killed about one million people, injured many people, and displaced 4 million people. This war that occurred on the basis of lies and deception, destroyed the infrastructure of Iraq and brought this country to the threshold of religious conflict. On the basis of international law, such action constitutes a clear example of war crimes, particularly as the UN has adopted a license for an attack on Iraq. Self-proclaimed organizer of the terrorist attacks on the U.S. 11th September 2001. The future is likely to remain in U.S. military prison Guantanamo without trial, according to U.S. daily Washington Post a week behind us, citing officials from the White House.
 The paper said that the administration of President Barack Obama concluded that he could not judge Halid Sheikh Mohammed in federal court in New York because it is against members of Congress and local officials. The original plan for the U.S. State Prosecutor Eric Holder to Mohammed and four other defendants on trial for the attack in this court is suspended as local officials and congressmen have expressed concerns about security if they implement this plan. Holder said he was near a decision on where Mohammed would be tried and whether he will be brought before a military tribunal. Mohammed was arrested in Pakistan 2003rd and is located in the Guantanamo prison in Cuba. Washington Post said that officials from the U.S. administration confirmed that a trial in any event will be held before the next presidential election 2012th years and that it will be necessary for different political environment.
 Republicans, who are in last week&#39;s election won a majority in the House of Representatives U.S. House of Representatives, demanding that the prisoners from Guantanamo on trial before military courts, which restrict some of their legal rights. The United States at a meeting of the Council of the UN Human Rights in Geneva, rejected the call of the international community to abolish the death penalty. Legal Adviser Department of State, Harold Koh said in Geneva that the death penalty is permissible under international law. Dozens of countries have urged the U.S. to abolish death penalty during the first detailed examination of the human rights situation in the U.S. before the Assembly of the Council consisting of 47 countries. Koh commented on the recommendations on the abolition of which came from individual countries and characterized them as political provokaciju.Ipak, said that the U.S. is committed to rooting out the injustices such as racial persecution and seriously considering to sign the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
 Former U.S. Central Bank (FED), Alan Greenspan has warned that the United States and China implemented a policy of weakening home currency. Greenspan has his views published in the Financial Times last week, before the G20 summit in Seoul, where the global economy should be protected from prolonged crisis with regard to the heightened risk of protectionism. America implemented a weakening dollar, wrote Greenspan. Pressing the Chinese yuan and the recent weakening of the dollar exchange rate necessary to induce kursevaa strengthening currencies in the rest of the world, bringing them, how to interpret themselves in a worse position in relation to the competition, he warned. The threat of a currency war themes dominated the meeting of Heads of State and Government of the G20 group of major economies in Seoul. Greenspan has held the helm at the Fed office in nearly two decades, until 2006. The latest withdrawal was not further talked about people in the U.S. that are responsible for the weakening dollar.
 Decision of the Central American banks, led by his successor, Ben Bernanke about the injection of an additional 600 billion dollars in the fragile U.S. economy and posustalu interpreted as a move that will ultimately lead to the weakening dollar. And no protectionism, there are clear limitations in terms of strengthening the growth of global trade. Protectionism will only intensify the slowdown, Greenspan concluded. The number of suicides among former American soldiers, especially young people who fought in Iraq and Afghanistan grows, the Minister said the U.S. war veterans Erik Šinseki. He added that the U.S. has 23 million veterans to a variety of services for ex-combatants, such as health and pension services, follow these eight million. More surveys indicate an increase in suicide rates among young people who leave the army. In the U.S. Army&#39;s suicide rate reached a record of 309 in 2009. year compared to 267 in 2008.
 year, according to the Pentagon. In the period between the 2005th and 2009. year in the U.S. military to kill 1100 soldiers as more than the number of soldiers killed in fighting in Afghanistan since 2001. year, 1,000 of them. The Pentagon and the Department of war veterans do not keep statistics on the mortality of soldiers who left the army. According to the U.S. Government of 30,000 suicides as much as occur annually in the United States, 20 percent is attributed to former combatants, or the year 6000.
 