Warning of the danger of a return to &quot;aggressive&quot; anti-clerical militancy as the Spanish ruled the 30-ies of 20th century, the Holy Father called for &quot;reconciliation of religion and secularity, rather than conflict.&quot; The Pope earlier arrived in Santiago de Compostela, the third most important Catholic center of pilgrimage after Rome and Jerusalem, and its first station in a two-day campaign of Spain. Benedict XVI was welcomed at the airport, Crown Prince Felipe, son of King Juan Carlos and his wife Princess Letizia. I call on Spain and Europe to build its present day and future planning, starting from the real truth about the man - Pope Benedict XVI in his speech upon arrival. Spain and Europe does not need to worry only for the material needs of people, but also for their moral and social, spiritual and religious needs - the Pope said. The Pope has not spoken about the social reforms in Spain, which last year carried out by Zapatero, a Socialist government that has legalized same sex civil unions (2005th) and expanded the legal basis for abortion (February 2010)..
 The Pope mentioned tomorrow&#39;s visit to Barcelona, where he will dedicate the church of the Holy Family (Sagrada Famille) is not yet complete, and was elevated to the rank of Basilica. Benedict XVI was still on board paid tribute to &quot;courage&quot; of its builders, the Catalan architect Antonio Gaudi, ardent Catholics, who &quot;with a new creativity, managed to fit in the tradition of the great cathedral.&quot; In his opening speech, Prince Felipe thanked the Pope for involvement in favor of &quot;peace, freedom and human dignity.&quot; He added that the Pope is coming in &quot;a modern, open and democratic Spain. The Pope will this afternoon on the main square of Santiago de Compostela held mass. Thousands of believers natiskale the way that Benedict XVI his papamobilom should go from the airport to the city center. (Hina) Comments (0) Post Comment You must have a Facebook account and be logged in to post a comment.
 