Negotiations about peace in the Middle East are not only frozen but the entire area down to the right ice age. In outplaying who can shout louder to be entitled, as far in the present moment gone Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, which does not mean it tomorrow, inspired by his words, will not override the Palestinian side, namely the entire Arab Union. Tomorrow&#39;s gathering of the Union on the agenda has, what else, but streamlined: who is mad and who is normal in the half-century rivalry between the two nations rights, where they discuss who never think of the victims! Over time, taking several thousand people who are directly or indirectly involved in bringing the two sides of the negotiations, and then peace in that part of the world became clear the two main issues: borders and settlements! This latest in a recent exchange of assurances and deliberate insult, between Israel - the U.S., provoked the crisis, a disaster unprecedented in the special relations between the two countries allies.
 Not only that Israel did not halt construction of settlements, but in Jerusalem, in which the Palestinians and Israelis take the same right, in a Palestinian area of the new 1600 with the intention that it be 5000th With such a package has arrived in Washington for talks with President Barack Obama, the Israeli prime minister. What is a man whom he said during a tense day-long meetings of the truth and explained little girls in public, but it seems, is not good for peace in the Middle East. The delegation which accompanied Netanyahu did not want to comment, but their faces, according to journalists who covered the event, saying that things do not go in favor of the Israeli prime minister. The new agreement has been reached, and Benjamin Netanyahu went as he came - with the same attitude, but now it is confirmed strained relations with major allies. In what appears to be an American president of the Israeli prime minister is considered part of the problem, an obstacle to the solution! Americans were clear: it is impossible to negotiate peace until Israel settled his people in the Occupied Territories! Briefly disastrous visit to Benjamin Netanyahu, who showed how deep and hard solvable crisis in the existing relations between Israel and the United States.
 In its center is currently the most sensitive issue, in which emotions warring sides are going ahead of reason, the future of Jerusalem. When talking about the settlement, it should be noted that nearly half a million Jews live in more than a hundred settlements erected after the Israeli occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem 1967th We have built and we will build!, Said the Israeli prime minister. Thus, developments off any chance for a new round of serious negotiations. Unfortunately, without that neither the Israelis nor the Palestinians are not willing to negotiate. The fate of the current Israeli government, including Prime Minister, in the hands of the nationalists who do not want any compromises with the Palestinians, who knew well the prime minister, who also does not want to jeopardize their stay in power! On the other hand, Mahmoud Abbas is too weak and it is hard to believe that the Palestinians can enforce an agreement to split orders between Fatah and Hamas.
 Therefore, the highest expectations of the strongest, the United States. Barack Obama claims that peace in the Middle East a strategic priority for America. What would that at this point supposed to mean? The answers are just not offered, except the old warning, and the problem of the Middle East, which as a whole ticking time bomb ready to explode at any moment. If you are not creating peace, at least avoid conflicts, war. But whether the current constellation of forces and equally impossible!
 