09/30/2010 | Word | Share This If you want to feel the creative talent, look no further than the Chevrolet booth at the Paris Motor Show and the works of some of the winners of this year&#39;s &quot;Young? Creative? Chevrolet&quot;. In fact, Chevrolet was so impressed with this year&#39;s winner in the video category, the talented team from the school Ecole Emile Cohl in France, that is specially commissioned video which will introduce the brand at the fair. The result is striking: video full of creative energy on large screens stand resurrects a modern interpretation of the brand. This is an excellent example of how competition in the applied arts - launched in 2007. by Chevrolet Europe to support artists at the beginning of his career - gives European students of Applied Arts, a unique opportunity for them to hear in their fields. This year the professional international jury selected five winners from four countries in the categories of visual art, fashion, video, photos and music.
 Projects with a tender that will be able to see Chevrolet&#39;s stand are as follows: Visual art - Fantastic WTCC Spark, which was first unveiled at this year&#39;s race World Touring Car Championship at Brands Hatch in the UK. The winner of this year&#39;s &quot;Young? Creative? Chevrolet&quot; in the category of visual art, José Rocha from Portugal, has redesigned the exterior of Chevrolet Spark and Spark&#39;s modern urban spirit lifted to a new level. Fashion - The sleek and futuristic uniforms, worn by hostesses during the presentation of the Chevrolet Volt, won first place at this year&#39;s contest in the category of fashion. The author is a French design Jungeun Eom, a uniform is a powerful and sophisticated style, while the Chevrolet Volt. Students in the same fashion school (ESMOD from Lyon) are also designed uniforms for the hostess three remaining Chevrolet&#39;s world premiere.
 This year&#39;s winners of the competition &quot;Young? Creative? Chevrolet!&quot; Were the guests of honor at the dinner on the occasion Chevrolet Fashion Catwalk, which was held in the magnificent Théâtre du Merveilleux in Pavillons de Bercy (Paris) on the evening of the opening of the Paris Motor Show. This ceremony, which was also attended by Frank Sorbier fashion show in honor of the legendary Chevrolet cars, celebrated the centenary of fashion and car design. In the wake of this year&#39;s success, Chevrolet Europe is pleased to announce the beginning of the fifth line of &quot;Young? Creative? Chevrolet&quot;. All creative tasks, again in terms of fashion, photography, visual art, video and music, revolve around Chevrolet&#39;s centennial anniversary will be celebrated 2011th For more information on the contest visit www.youngcreativechevrolet.com. About Chevrolet Chevrolet is the largest global brand of General Motors, which annually sells about 3.5 million vehicles in over 130 countries.
 It is the fourth largest global automobile brand when it comes to sales and also one of the fastest growing brands in the world. Chevrolet Europe offers attractive and distinctive design, practical and economical cars as well as outstanding value for money. After re-launching the brand in Europe 2005th year, Chevrolet has more than doubled its sales to over 500,000 cars 2008th Year 2009. Chevrolet maintained its market share of 2.3 percent in Europe, selling 426,000 cars. Chevrolet has a network than 2,900 sales and service dealerships in Europe. Offer models include all-new Matiz city car, small Aveo, Cruze compact sedan, SUV Captiva, a medium Epic and legendary sports car Corvette. 2011. Chevrolet will introduce the Orlando, an all-new family van, the Camaro coupe and convertible-version, the new Aveo hatchback and performance Cruze, and will also be re-introduced Captiva SUV with four new engines.
 Chevrolet&#39;s largest market in Europe, Russia, Italy, Germany, France, Spain and the United Kingdom. Founded in the United States by a Swiss immigrant Louis Chevrolet back in 1911th, the brand will celebrate its centenary with the launch of the revolutionary electric vehicles with extended-range Chevrolet Volt. More information on Chevrolet, visit the website or http://www.chevroleteurope.com http://media.chevroleteurope.com.
 