Windhoek &#39;vɪnthʊk (German: Windhuk, originally the name of the language of us: Ai-Gams) is the capital of Namibia. The city is located in the Khomas region, and today has approximately 280 000 inhabitants (48.6% were white and colored). Contents [edit] Name Area Windhoek had called two local residents: Ai-Gams and Otjomuise. The name &quot;Ai-Gams,&quot; gave us a place of people, while the term &quot;Otjomuise&quot; used by members of the Herero people. Both names are more or less related to hot water sources in the area. The Origin of the name &quot;Windhoek&quot; There are several theories. Most widely accepted is the one that says that the name is a combination of Dutch (Afrikaans) word Wind (wind) and Hoek (angle), thereby prijovod literal name of &quot;wind angle. According to another theory called the Afrikaner town towards the mountains Winterhoek in South Africa, where they created the first afrikanerska settlement. [Edit] History In mid-1800-one of them near the hot springs in the area (today&#39;s quarter-Klein Windhoek) moved to Jan Jonker Afrikaner, which is considered the beginning of the modern village.
 Afrikaner in Windhoek stone church built for 500 people was used as a school. 1840-they are here with the work of missionaries began Hugo Hahn and Heinrich Kleinschmidt and was later succeeded by the Methodists. At that time the city started to develop, but was soon destroyed in the war between the Herero and Nama peoples. For a long time after that city was abandoned. 1878., The British annexation of Walvis Bay, but not expanding its influence inside the country. At the request of traders from Lüderitzbuchta 1884th, was declared a German protectorate of South West Africa. The colonies were sent to the imperial power protection (Schutztruppe) led by Curt von Francois. Its garrison was located in Windhoek, which was a buffer zone between the Herero and Nama peoples. Sources in the area supplied the garrison with water needed for growing food. The monument and the church from the period of German rule establishing the Official Windhoek today considered to be 18th
 listopada 1890th, when Von Francois laid the foundation stone fortress (today&#39;s Alte Feste). During the following years the city has developed only slowly with the construction of major public and private buildings. The Klein-Windhoek lands were granted to settlers who were there started to grow food. After the 1907th, the development of the city is accelerating the migration of population from the countryside and outside the country. In this period comes to a large number of European immigrants from Germany and South Africa. During the First World War, the colony of South African occupying forces on behalf of the British Empire. Hosei Corner Monument in Windhoek in front of the parliament building so 1915th come to an end the German colonial rule. Over the next five years South West Africa was administered military government. In this Razdolje comes to delays in the development of both city and country. Only after the Second World War comes to the intensive development of the city. After the 1955th, begin work on large public projects, and in that period, built new schools and hospitals, roads and water supply.
 Independence of Namibia from South African administration 1990th, the city began to develop rapidly. Windhoek then became the capital of the new state. Today Windhoek considered one of the cleanest capitals in Africa. [Edit] Climate diagrams The climate of Windhoek is located in the Semi-arid climate with very hot summer days and cool nights. The average annual temperature was 19.47 ° C, which is very warm for a place at this altitude. This is mainly due to the influence of warm air currents and mountains in the south, which protect the city from cold southerly winds. In the winter months (June, July and August) rainfall is very rare. The temperature rarely drops below 0 ° C, and the snow almost never falls. Because of the very rare rainfall (about 360 mm per year) are very frequent irrigation area. Droughts are very frequent, and the cycle of dry and wet years alternate every ten years.
 The highest and lowest temperature. Monthly Pos Jan. Feb. May. May. May. Lip. Jul. Aug. Aug. Oct. Stu. Pro. Most of the space. temp. (° C) 31 29 28 26 23 21 21 24 27 29 30 31 Low pros. temp. (° C) 18 17 16 13 9 7 7 9 12 15 16 17 Rainfall (mm) 78 80 79 38 7 1 1 1 3 12 27 42 [edit] City Administration manages the city council, which consists of 15 seats among them are and president of the council and the mayor. Map of Windhoek Windhoek City districts are: [edit] Economy View of Downtown Windhoek is the biggest economic center of the country. Almost all companies in Namibia have their headquarters here. Despite not doing a large share of the population, a large number of companies located in the German-owned. Large role in the economy and play a South African company, since the economy is historically very related to the South African. [Edit] Transportation Independence Avenue, the main street in the heart of Windhoek in 1928., The first paved street in town.
 It was Kaiserstraße (now Independence Avenue). Only after several years have begun to pave other streets. The three main entrances to the city were from the town of Rehoboth, Okahandja and Gobabisa. Roads are designed to withstand major floods that are expected. [Edit] Air traffic in Windhoek has two airports: Eros Airport, intended for small aircraft, airport and Windhoek (Windhoek Hosea Press International Airport) intended for international flights. This port receives about 400,000 passengers a year. [Edit] Rail transport is the railway junction town in which the three tracks together. These are the lines to the cities Okahandja (North), Rehoboth (south) and Gobabis (istok.) [edit] twin cities [edit] References in the Commons on a multimedia topic: Windhoek. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windhoek Categories: Geography of Namibia | Capitals in Africa
 