Hajduk won in Zadar - Marina Ljubicic, battle against the citizens of Zadar in the combined composition made a &quot;white&quot; satisfaction with the return of important midfield players who, recall, severely injured in late July when he was in Bucharest against Dinamo nacikla cheekbone. It was suspected then, and a concussion, but doubts removed, and after surgery in Split Marin got a special plastic mask that he will return to court to be faster and more successful. Duel against the citizens of Zadar on Friday returned to the Marina in the treadmill matches after five weeks. Marin Ljubicic &quot;pass&quot; against Zadar / V. Ivanov / Getty - Perfect has passed the test, Marin it is passed, I have already put in for Saturday&#39;s match against Dinamo - said football coach of Hajduk Stanko Poklepović. Returned to you Marina, and lost the match 0:1? - Nothing does not matter, this game was meant to stop a break, that players who are not playing regularly bring competitive zeal, to feel the competition, even if it is a friendly character.
 And that we are fully managed. All these players we will need in the fall non-stop. Hajduk we were already accustomed to such sparring-tests, lost in Vranjic of young people and then run over Unirea? Again, a good sign? - I tell you that my score does not mean anything, the game was affected in all aspects, except in a results, but we really did not matter. Were you nervous? - I know what you think, you released my beštimje, no matter whether this is necessary? I am not the teams, but it is not untrue that in that moment I swear, I did hear me all the way to Split! Why? Well, because in a friendly environment to come to Zadar mutual training and then come to me because of inattentiveness to the three heads to burst: Španjić, Cop and ultimately Jonjic. Fall in a duel and now I&#39;m waiting whether to boot, they, whether the accident ... Zabeštimao I, absolutely! And again I do when something like this happens, but do not make a coachman of me, I politely and nicely mannered.
 I was constantly crying heed to his feet, let&#39;s be ruvinat, and three heads are in limbo? Only luckily nothing bad has not happened. And I yelled Marino beware, do not jump, however, his test with the mask is fully managed. Have not played Vejic, Andric, Brkljača and Anas Sharbini, Space cheerful information that the Bulk played for Albania, a Ibričić scored for Bosnia, complaining that Kreso Ljubicic still absent, &quot;he personally gave up probe, confided that it is not yet ready as you would not want to be. &quot; Shots from the point of making them wear Tomasov Trebotić and not worrisome, Hajduk natavlja after a free weekend to work on Monday. - &quot;Injections&quot; Facilitation of physical fitness at home, we do not need any Medjugorje, nor Kupres or Pohorje, mainly to do what we zamsilili. This weekend in Poljud spread athletics, let them, here we are again on Monday - he said referring to us Poklepović. SLAVEN ALFIREVIĆ Tickets for the derby tomorrow with Dinamo Hajduk derbi game on Saturday, starting at 19 hours in Poljud, and tickets for the Croatian derby will be on sale from tomorrow.
 Prices range from HRK 60 to the north, to 130 kuna far west the best places on the west stand.
 