Nowadays technology convergence is a huge trend with more functions being integrated into a single device. Today, technology convergence is a huge trend with more functions being integrated into one device. Similar happens to Apple Inc&#39;s products that have been aggressively developed with more and more features added to be able to stand out from the crowd. Something similar is happening with Apple Inc for products that are aggressively to develop more and more features added in order to stand out from the crowd. And obviously, this trend seems to have gradually taken away its &quot;traditional&quot; iPod series from the market space. And obviously, it seems that this trend is gradually stripped of his &#39;traditional&#39; iPod series from the market space. One of the major reasons was due to its own hot selling iPhone and iPod touch that cannibalize its lower end products such as iPod nano, shuffle as well as classic series. One of the main reasons was because of its hot-selling iPhone and iPod touch cannibalize lower-end products like the iPod nano, shuffle and classic series.
 The situation is understandable as consumers are expecting a single device that can do everything and obviously, the iPod series&#39; role as MP3 players no longer seems to be competitive. The situation is understandable because consumers expect a device that can do everything, and obviously, the iPod series&#39; role as an MP3 player does not seem to be competitive. Instead of purchasing few gadgets individually, consumers rather spend more to get an all-in-one device that also simplifies the need to carry few gadgets while on the move. Instead of buying several individual gadget, consumers prefer to spend more to get all-in-one device that also simplifies the need to carry several devices while on the move. Regardless of what it is, Apple Inc. is believed to still Occupying 70 percent of MP3 players in this competitive market space. No matter what it is, Apple Inc. is believed to still occupy 70 percent of the MP3 player in this competitive market space.
 The cannibalization is quite common especially in fast and dynamic market segments and another example is the giant chipmaker Intel was also believed to have cannibalizing its entry level and middle range notebook processor sales with its famous Atom processors released into the market. Cannibalization is normal, especially in fast and dynamic market segments, and another example of the giant chipmaker, Intel is also believed to be cannibalizing their entry level and mid-range notebook processor sales with its famous Atom processors released to the market. IMPORTANT: The page is machine translated and provided &quot;as is&quot; without warranty. The page has been machine translated and provided &quot;as is&quot; without warranty. Machine translation may be difficult to understand. Machine Translation May be difficult to understand. Please refer to please refer to original English article the original English article whenever possible.
 whenever possible. Related Articles Related Articles This entry was posted on Sunday, July 26th, 2009 at 10:28 pm and is filed under This entry was posted on Sunday, July 26th, 2009 at 10:28 pm and is filed under Portable Media Player Portable Media Player. . You can follow any responses to this entry through the You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed RSS 2.0. You can feed. You can leave a response leave a response, or, or trackback trackback from your own site. sites with their own.
 