Tuesday, 12 January 2010. Civil Simon, who works for a company that supplies the UN EŠKO with food, he had a car accident in the workplace (prikliještio by the truck) and he urgently needed a blood transfusion. As we were friends with him because he worked with three Croatian nationals (Peace, Crown, and Sasa), Igor and I are headed to the hospital which is located in the city center to give blood. The quake has so caught on the road, the car driven by Simon&#39;s friend from work. We felt that once the car is behaving strangely, but did not know what happens. Someone shouted: &quot;Hurricane&quot; (Hurricane). We jumped from the vehicle ... Around us all was a lot of dust. And then we realized: not for the hurricane - an earthquake! A dust around us picked up the ruined house! After several attempts to get the car out of a crowd formed, we realized that it was impossible and we have Igor and I decided to go to our home on foot.
 Returning, we saw a number of memorable scenes. We will never forget them! The road was crowded vehicles, dust everywhere around us, people frantically running down the road and trying to call a mobile phone that does not work ... Other children in their arms or carry the wounded who had managed to get away from the collapsed houses ... Our return took about an hour and a half: We pulled up under the trees destroyed, under the power wires that probably were not live, but we did not want to take the plunge. All along the way a bunch of people histerizirala, most invoke God or thanked God ... As we neared our house on the hill, we started to think that with her and with all our stuff. Fortunately, everything was fine. As soon as we arrived we took the necessary equipment and go tell the command that we can contact you by mobile phone. Upon arrival we realized that both buildings were demolished to the ground command. Hotel &quot;Christopher&quot;, in which they order the UN, he was completely torn down and a couple of volunteers (among them, and I) tried to help some survivors of persons as far as possible without equipment.
 The night we spent in front of the destroyed headquarters. Towards morning we all vehicles evacuating civilians, and then us to another object of the UN: Logbase. Wednesday, 13 January 2010. Arriving to Logbase each of us checked into his unit, where all were engaged in counting people. We wanted to determine what losses are, how many UN personnel were killed, which at that time was not an easy task. Once you determine the first condition, we formed a team of four men: Biljana Lazarevic, Goran Panovic from Serbia and Igor Kruljac and Tihomir Svatoš from the Croatian. Our task was to go to the Hotel Caribe, &quot;where they lived some members of the UN staff and assess the situation. The hotel can be reached from three sides, but it was not an easy task. Only the third attempt we managed to break through the congested roads to the hotel. Hotel was demolished, but part of a building with apartments was destroyed. In the hotel he was a member of the UN with his wife and child (who luckily survived), then a member of the UN which are in an earthquake and killed a woman and child, but he went to seek help, and members of the UN which have killed and her husband and two children, a third child was injured and needed medical help.
 Hotel workers searched the bodies of fallen into our apartment so his wife asked him to wait until the evacuation does not see the body of his wife and children. Never in my life have I seen such a strong person! After they remove the body of her husband, we evacuated the Logbase where the child&#39;s medical care, and then allegedly transferred to Haiti along with the child. After darkness fell, we finished for the day so we headed home, where we spent the night. Thursday, the 14th January 2010. Early in the morning we arrived at Logbase. We still do not know the true extent of the earthquake even as the UN has victims. Surviving are required so that each contingent of people seeking their survivors. Telephone lines are not working, and it works occasionally. Information is transmitted between people (who died ...) - but nothing is certain. Finding Survivors is done primarily on the UN headquarters building and a hotel &quot;Montana&quot; which was the largest and finest hotel in Port au Prince, and also knocked down to the ground.
 Local residents looking for their survivors and bodies. Start coming teams to search for survivors from around the world that are equipped with sniffer dogs. Today we have with several rescue teams at the Hotel Montana, &quot;and they rescued two people. Friday, 15 January 2010. With rescue teams from Mexico go to the University Gerard ST. The first time through the center of the National Palace, which was also destroyed. This part of the city&#39;s hardest hit by the earthquake. In some streets, almost all the houses destroyed! Its way to the university through the streets by the locals partially purified. The University has been building with five floors, and now the country level. Rescue teams are doing their job, and we provide them. Air expands stench of corpses ... There were high temperatures. The dogs have smelled the one person who was later rescued. The dark - we return to base. Saturday, 16 January 2010. We are again with a rescue team from Mexico at the university Gerard ST.
 Works are progressing slowly ... The smell of corpses is all powerful. Between the last and next to the last floor there is a corpse that is not possible to draw a head and sticking out his hand. People stopping curiosity - as if they have troubles of their own ... the dark and return to base. Sunday, 17 January 2010. In today announced the visit of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon Haiti. Our task is to escort the journalists who are in the same column, and are located on the bus. With two cars follow the bus with reporters from airport to hotel and Logbase &quot;Christopher&quot;, which is still ongoing cleaning debris and searching for survivors. Then go to the National Palace, where we stayed a long time because there is a bunch of people without shelter, and sleep on the streets. All over the ruined houses are the corpses that are thrown into mass graves and burned or simply left on the road. Monday, 18 January 2010. How to start arriving by road vehicles with food and medication on our next task will be escorting convoys from the border with the Dominican Republic to the Airport Port au Prince, and embarking on the task.
 Along the road there are corpses, and the streets and houses are a little clearing. The damages are huge! As we are constantly in motion, we heard some information about the dead members of the UN from their colleagues. Before leaving in the morning, if you have internet and phone lines are correct, we succeed only hear with their families and the Director of the Directorate for European Integration and International Relations Filip Dragovic and Head of the Department of Peacekeeping Goran Juric with whom we are in constant contact and have us Our family first contacted. With the arrival of darkness within our working day and returns to base. Cherished the thought of the end of the day for both is: We are happy that we have a whole apartment, sleeping in a bed and a shower!
 