18/03/2010 Parliamentary resolution that the massacre of Armenians from the war period as genocide provoked a sharp reaction from Ankara. (Zaman, EurActiv, The Times, The Wall Street Journal, The Irish Times - 18/03/10; Hurriyet, AP, Reuters, DPA, BBC, RFE / RL, Telegraph - 17/03/10) &quot;Currently, 170,000 Armenians living in our country. Only 70 000 citizens of Turkey, said on Tuesday (March 16th), Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan. [Getty Images] Hundreds of thousands of Armenians working in Turkey could face deportation if the foreign legislatures continue to adopt the resolution in which the massacre of Armenians in World War I as genocide, warned this week, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Only 70,000 of the 170,000 Armenians living in Turkey are citizens of Turkey, Erdogan told the BBC on Tuesday (March 16th), during a brief working visit to London. &quot;Pretend you do not see the other 100 000,&quot; said the head of Turkey&#39;s ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP).
 &quot;Tomorrow, I may say that these 100 000 return to their country, if it becomes necessary, because they are not nationals of mine. I do not have to keep them in my country.&quot; It said five days after the Swedish Parliament adopted a minimum difference resolution massacre in 1915. year of around 1.5 million Armenians called genocide. A similar non-binding resolution was approved with 23 to 22 vote in the Foreign Affairs Committee U.S. House of Representatives a week earlier and will now probably be put to a vote in the House of Representatives, despite opposition from the White House that extent. Recognizing that the adoption of this Document 4 March was a step back in Washington&#39;s relations with Ankara, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State Philip Gordon said Wednesday that the government can not block its adoption. &quot;Congress is an independent body and they will do what they decide,&quot; said Gordon told reporters.
 Sore adoption of these two documents, Ankara immediately withdrew its ambassador from Stockholm and Washington for consultations. Turkey admits that thousands of Armenians were killed in that country in the last days of the Ottoman Empire, but attributed to inter-ethnic conflict between universal turmoil. The country also claims that the number of victims is exaggerated. Describing the approval of genocide by the U.S. and Swedish legislators as a &quot;performance&quot;, Erdogan accused the influential Armenian diaspora in the United States and Western Europe to stand behind those steps. He also warned that the resolution of the American Board and the Swedish Parliament could have a negative impact on his country&#39;s efforts aimed at normalizing relations with neighboring Armenia. Similar articles Loading &quot;We are committed to the policy of solving all outstanding issues, but we can not do anything if the other party tight fist while we provide hands&quot;, he said, according to Turkish daily Zaman.
 Condemning the threat of his Turkish counterpart regarding the deportation, the Armenian Prime Minister Tigran Sarkisian said on Wednesday that political communications of this kind &quot;do not contribute to improving relations.&quot; Erdogan&#39;s warning about the possible deportation of Armenian immigrants sparked sharp criticism and civic organizations in Turkey, which they described as discriminatory and unacceptable. &quot;Such statements might lead some people into thinking that the deportation of people forced migration, version 2010.&quot; Ozturk said Turkdogan, president of the Association for Human Rights, according to Zaman. &quot;A lot of Turkish workers worldwide. Does this mean that Turkey will accept their expulsion when it comes to international issues?&quot; This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 