Since the arrival of the first African slaves 1619th The British colony on the coast of Virginia to the election of Barack Obama in the White House, American blacks went uphill battle for equality. These are the main dates of the struggle for the emancipation of African Americans - 1862nd - Republican President Abraham Lincoln and the abolitionists emancipated blacks in the confederate states of the South American. After Lincoln&#39;s victory in presidential elections 1860th Southern states decided to secede. Coming to a civil war between north and south, ending in victory for the North. - 1865th - 13 Amendment of the Constitution abolira slavery. Eight of the twelve first American president had been slaves. - 1868th - 13 Amendment of the Constitution: Every person born in the USA is an American citizen and has all rights under the law. - 1896th - The decision of the Supreme Court which legalized segregation (&quot;separate but equal&quot;) and legalized discrimination laws of the southern states.
 Blacks are becoming victims of violence, especially racist groups like the Ku Klux Klan. - 1945. - General Dwight Eisehower first black unit integrates into the U.S. Army. - 1949th - Desegregation of the U.S. Army after the presidential decree. - 1954. - Supreme Court bans segregation in schools. - 1955. - Negress Rosa Parks was arrested after he refused a place on the bus to let a white man. Human rights campaigner Martin Luther King launches bus boycott in Montgomery, Alabama. - 1957th - Act on civil law that protects the voting rights of blacks. - 1960. - A new law on civil law, which refers to the voting rights of blacks and certain punishment of racist crimes. - 1961. - &quot;The journey of freedom&quot; antirasističkih supporters in the south. - 1963. - &quot;I had a dream ...&quot;: historic speech by Martin Luther King in front of about 200,000 people in Washington who talk about America without racism. In Birmingham, Alabama, a bomb in a church killed four black girls.
 - 1964. - Martin Luther King won the Nobel Peace Prize. - 1965. - The forces of order attacking the anti-racist advocates in Selma, Alabama. President Lyndon Johnson defines the principle of positive discrimination, to encourage employment of minorities and sign the law on voting rights. - 1968. - Murder of Martin Luther King, riots in 125 cities, two black American athletes at the Olympic Games in Mexico raise fists in the air as a sign of support for militant groups to protect the rights of blacks black panther. - 1986. - The third Monday in January, is dedicated to Martin Luther King, became a holiday. - 1989. - General Colin Powell becomes the first African American appointed to the Chief of Staff of the U.S. military. He will also become the first black secretary of state in place. In this position he was 2000th appointed by President George W. Bush. - 1992. - Racist riots in Los Angeles that killed 59 people.
 The riots erupted after four police officers beat a black person white man Rodney King. - 1995. - More than 800,000 blacks rallied outside the White House, marking the day of &quot;atonement and reconciliation&quot;. &quot;Million march&quot; the largest ever held a set of African Americans was organized by Louis Farrakhan, the controversial voice of the black community. - 2008. - Barack Obama, a black person a child from Kenya and a white American woman, becomes the first black president of America. The White House has never entered a president who was not white. Racism in America
 