In the western world, particularly in Croatia and its mainstream political establishment, there is a group of people who live in the fog of illusion and that they tend to slip into every moment of acute bouts of paranoia and hallucinations accompanied by screaming. If you try to set up between them and their addiction, they become angry and aggressive. They need our help. It is of course the prohibitionist: wild flock of politicians, a large part of the public, journalists and others who still insist that the only proper and effective way to combat the widespread use of drugs in our society and the criminalization of their creation and maintenance of the system in which drugs are unregulated, neoporezivane and controlled by criminal organizations. An addict can begin to understand your problem only when it gets to the bottom floor. This year, the prohibitionist touched her bottom when they launched a devastating wave of violence in Mexico.
 In the UK, on the other hand a little ordinary story serves as a perfect example of how the goal prohibitionist factography far from simple. In March this year two of a young man named Louis, and Wainwright, Nicholas Smith died in a nightclub in the town of Scunthorpe. We know what happened: They had a huge amount of alcohol with sedatives. But prohibitionist were burned in a sudden, widespread hallucination. They immediately released - without any evidence and before the autopsy - that the boys had been victims of drug names mefedron party. Drug warriors are carefully monitored by the amphetamine when his popularity began to grow 2008th after which he soon became more popular than ecstasy. It is certainly pure evil! It definitely kills! And then triumphantly declared that the killing is and must be banned! From the moment the story broke on the covers began filling her fiction and pure fantasy. Even the name of the drug were wrong.
 Someone was two days before his death shoot wrote on Wikipedia that a drug called &#39;meow-meow&#39;. Nobody&#39;s ever heard of the name and the online discussions it was impossible to find. But the tabloid The Sun is the name razlijepio the front and other media continued to meow for the Sun-om. Until that moment, millions of people around the globe have used the drug legally without deadly consequences. No choice of home tabloid Daily Mail and after this incident, contained the following headlines: &quot;They play Russian roulette with your life!&quot;, &quot;Drug deaths&quot;, &quot;Legal but lethal&quot;, &quot;Causes seizures, psychosis and death.&quot; Slobodna Dalmacija is lagging behind - the &#39;crazy cat&#39; dance and die young &quot;. All this in Britain was accompanied by pictures Wainwright and Smith, though an autopsy proved that the drugs have never touched any. On the wave of drug-hysteria, the government announced that it will simply leave part of his election program and immediately criminalize mefedron.
 The Conservatives and Liberal Democrats (!) Gave enthusiastic support to the government. Only a few brave politicians, like Dr. Evan Harris and Nigel Farage and politely requested evidence, but were immediately silenced. Do you not understand? Children are dying! When it is proven that the mefedron wrongly accused, no politician has not apologized for making the decision without any evidence. No one has suggested abolishing the ban. Everyone kept brave facial expressions. One of najuvjerljivih evidence of addiction is when you can not just accept what you did wrong last night. If we are to be fair, one group of people had great benefit from the ban and have many reasons are grateful to the government. These are the British criminal organizations. By the time this hysterical mijaukajuceg choking, mefedron are sold in pharmacies employees who were able to produce a clean product, and they had at their disposal laws and regulations to control spending.
 That is no more. Trading mefedronom is now in the hands of mafia. No longer regulated mefedron which now contains a lethal garbage in the form of additional ingredients. Mefedrona right to sell in some locations from now will ensure the shootout mafia group in which innocent people will die. Prohibition mefedrona is a wonderful example prohibicionisticke mental addiction. Mahalla are victims of false and the false name drugs claiming to fight for sobriety. The truth is however that for years, like a true addict, struggling to suppress any sober discussion of scientifically proven risks of using drugs. Profsor David Nutt, chairman of the government council for the drug, published in 2009. simple scientific fact: taking ecstasy is just as risky as riding a horse, which annually kill about 10 people and causes about 100 accidents. All those who check this fact agreed that it was true.
 Nutt was immediately sacked. After him, another seven members of the scientific council resigned because the government refuses to accept the truth. The highest quality scientific evidence before it showed that taking mefedrona less dangerous than eating peanut butter, an activity that also kills about 10 people a year. Should I send the police to detain those with a handful neoljustenih fruit? Prohibition of course has nothing to do with harm reduction. For that we have started with two deadliest drugs in the world: alcohol, which kills about 40,000 people annually and tobacco, which kills about 80,000. If the purpose of the law to send a message to our children that it is unwise to risk the health of the drug, then surely we must now prohibit alcohol and tobacco. Of course, we are all old enough to understand that we can ban these drugs should not stop their use. Prohibition in the U.S. in the 20-year team just created a criminal caste which has sold far more lethal product, and deprived of tax revenue budget.
 The ban has become more harmful than the drug. Why do we think that the situation had a different respect of cannabis, ecstasy or cocaine? Prohibitionist claim that when alcohol was made today would require its prohibition before its use becomes widespread. But drug use is no different: about 34% of the British Isles, including the prime minister and deputy prime minister, used the drug. It is impossible to prevent even the availability of drugs in prisons where the prisoners under armed escort, and every person entering and consignments checked several times! For this problem out there. In the early 30-team, the U.S. abolished the prohibition on alcohol because it was funded by a career criminal Al Capone and other glavonja, but mostly because they urgently needed budgetary revenues after the recession. In November, California will hold a referendum on the legalization of cannabis and the imposition of excise taxes on him like that for alcohol.
 As things stand now, the camp for the legalization of currently leads in the polls. According to research by Harvard professor Jeffrey Miron&#39;s from 2005., Legalization would create a 7 billion in revenue through taxes and save $ 13 billion, which is otherwise spent on police, judicial and prison resources on cannabis. Stoned team has a chance to save the country from disaster! There is, of course, and that Portugal in 2001. decriminalized the possession of drugs. Yes, all drugs - gram of cocaine in his pocket is not a crime (sale of course is). Prohibitionist immediately began skvicati that children will soon roll in the abandoned streets with needles sticking out of them by every available vein. What happened in reality? Detailed studies Cato Institute has demonstrated that the drug remained at the same level and even declined among younger users. Addicts are treated as people who need help rather than as criminals to be close.
 There is no doubt that the prohibitionist will be very difficult to get rid of their addictions. All we need to give them support in times when they finally abandon the use of its powerful hallucinogens. Perhaps one should reflect on the founding of anonymous prohibitionist, a place where they can openly acknowledge all of your irrational fears which were initially led to the dark state. The whole crazy about mefedrona was identical to her mother&#39;s jewelry theft and sale of its new Quick fix. Narco-warriors, it&#39;s time for therapy. Jutarnji.hr: Police do not want to chase every brat with joint: 100 applications for minor drug possession UPDATE 14.10.2010: Ten days after the publication of this journal, Jutarnji.hr never missed an opportunity to join the tabloid widespread panic - Meow meow: A new drug that is Briton killed already arrived on Croatian streets! Tweet Related Sites More from this user Tags
 