&quot;Reforms of the Council are designed to be a war of all against all ...&quot; Tuesday, 12 October 2010, on this side of the Atlantic we celebrated yet another Columbus Day! We are reminded of the date, when sailing under the Spanish flag, the Italian navigator, but Portuguese son in law of Christopher Columbus, discovered America in 1492 years. Less we talk, that &quot;new world&quot;, apparently - even 500 years before him, the colonization of Scandinavian Leif Ericson. And now, 518 years after Columbus, and tones, and Samsung Balckberry and Ericson phones. From the United Nations building in New York, reported that in a race for one of the five new seats in the UN Security Council and Portugal beat Canada. Portuguese is the flag that day, at least some recalled the &quot;discovery&quot; of America by the famous Portuguese zeta. I would say that journalists accredited to the East River, local historical events - often end up with international implications. Many trends are ozvaniče and become recognizable.
 Columbus TREND &quot;This could be the new &#39;discovery of America&#39; for our diplomats at the UN, because now we have finally confirmed that there is this &#39;new - old world,&#39;&quot; says one of the Balkan diplomat from a country that is just, 28 June 2006, became the 192-member by the UN. His country is nominated for a permanent seat on the Security Council only 2025th Because she &quot;needs time to plan and provide support.&quot; They put this &quot;vote for the winners&quot; - for Portugal and Germany. &quot;Sorry, Canada, who deserved to be in the Council, it has the best proposal for Security Council reform. However, we decided to Europeans, while Portugal has lobbied unseen until the last day ... and was particularly successful among the Islamic countries, &quot;added the diplomat. This year the battle was fierce and unpredictable: from regional groups in Europe and the Western Hemisphere, for two permanent seats on the Security Council fought three countries.
 Since Canada, Germany and Portugal are not able to achieve, &quot;gentlemen&#39;s agreement&quot;, as it happened in a group of African, Asian and Latin American and Caribbean countries - they went all or nothing. From Asia, Africa and South America, elegantly, and without wrangling - as the only candidate elected India, South Africa and Colombia. For the selection of candidates to the Council of security - a necessary two-thirds majority of 127 votes. A vote is secret and the &quot;old-fashioned way, by putting ballots in the dilapidated wooden boxes, old probably as the UN, but 65 years. After Germany had barely passed, receiving in the first round only 128, meaning only one more than the necessary 127 votes, fighting continued between Portugal and Canada, they have won 122, or 114 votes. And then, after the second round it became clear &quot;where the ship sails, because Portugal won 113, while Canada just 78 votes, Canadian Ambassador to the UN John McNee, the sight of all those present at the General Assembly of the UN, withdrawing his country&#39;s candidacy.
 But the &quot;humiliation&quot; this does not stop for the losers, because according to strict rules of the UN, voting to continue with one candidate, but no one can prevent the UN member states to even vote for those who withdrew: So Portugal uknjižio 150, Canada donated a comforting 32 votes. WHO ARE ALL joining RAČUNICA? Drama continues even: Less than two hours later, told reporters at the UN, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Canada, Lawrens Cannon, accusing the leader of the liberal opposition in his country, Michael Ignatieff, that practically destroyed the chances of Canada to enter into the Security Council &quot; We ran a principled campaign ... but home is the leader of the opposition decided that we do not speak with one voice, &quot;said Cannon. In what looked more like the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bosnia and Herzegovina, but the head of diplomacy, a very powerful country. Minister Cannon, a member of Stephen Harper&#39;s Conservative government, which some call &quot;the Canadian Bush, though not fully addressed the reasons for the debacle of Canada&#39;s Security Council.
 Immediately after the election, observer of Palestine to the UN, Ambassador Riyadh Mansour in this reporter&#39;s microphone, he said, that &quot;a country should wonder why such a miserable last.&quot; He added that the Palestinians have good relations with Canada and Germany, but it is possible that some Canadian attitudes - &quot;interpreted as being too pro-Israeli, to the detriment of the Arabs ...&quot; said Mansour opened. And former Canadian ambassador to the UN, Paul Heinbecker, now a leading political analyst in Ottawa, chief rejects claims of Canadian diplomacy, Cannon, who do not see what everyone already seems clear: Speaking to CTV News Channel (Canadian television), Heinbecker he stated that Ottawa has to consider what to international politics, &quot;selling&quot; the world, if this policy &quot;is not nice to the international community.&quot; He talked about the reality in which the UN can not ignore the vote of 57 Islamic member countries of the Organization of Islamic Countries (OIC).
 Canada is pursuing an open policy, &quot;which are sincerely and strongly supported the government of Israel,&quot; said Heinbecker, noting, as it - obviously &quot;does not bring the votes in the General Assembly. Minister Cannon on the other hand, the UN said that in his campaign for the Security Council, his country was guided by its core values of who did not want to give up. GERMAN Pyrrhic victory? Unlike Ottawa, in Berlin, opened the champagne. &quot;The world can count on us,&quot; he said in New York City - Guido Westerwelle, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Germany, immediately after the election to the Security Council. Asked to comment on what they have &quot;escaped&quot; with only one vote above the required two-thirds majority in the General Assembly, Westerwalle explained: &quot;This is democracy, and one vote is enough in a democracy.&quot; And he, like his Canadian counterpart, did not fail to say, that German foreign policy - to be &quot;based on values,&quot; and that it will be able to work even more intensively in the Security Council.
 It seems, however, that the value of a scare in the rest of the world that can boast the economic prosperity of the West. One diplomat from the Arab world, who was present at the vote said to our newspaper, that Germany &quot;could go a lot better and get more votes,&quot; but it is somewhat &quot;paid the price all the more pronounced anti-Islamic attitudes in this part of Europe.&quot; Indeed, the German public still has not abated since anti-Semitic statements bankers Thila Sarrazin, who has the misfortune of his country, in essence, accused Muslim immigrants. Germany has been shaken by the statement and the head of the Bavarian demokrišćana Horst Seehofer - the incompatibility of Muslims in German society. There is also a conservative campaign survey of the State of Hessen, Roland Koch, whose populist campaign has been characterized by elements of xenophobia, and that the addition of many German officials, including Chancellor Angela Merkel - are not sufficiently distanced.
 Experts at the University of Leipzig, Oliver Decker and Elmar Brahler conducted by Friedrich Herbert Foundation poll, which found that 65 years after the Second World War, 10 percent of Germans have &quot;a longing for a strong leader like &#39;fuherera&#39; (firer)? - Who will rule the strong hand for the benefit of all nations. &quot; The same survey shows that 35.6 percent of respondents believed that Germany was &quot;flooded with foreigners&quot; and that it was necessary because &quot;strong arm&quot;. &quot;This vote is a sign of great confidence and certainly a gesture of faith in the work of the Federal Republic of Germany,&quot; said Westerwelle after passing Germany in the Security Council, arguing - that just one vote surplus. Together with Portugal, Germany will in the Security Council to replace Austria and Turkey, in January 2011. By the end of that year, the Council shall, with the &quot;new pet&quot; - India, Colombia, Germany, Portugal and South Africa, and the &quot;permanent five&quot;, the United States, United Kingdom, France, Russia and China - still sit the remaining five &quot;Aboriginal - Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Gabon, Lebanon and Nigeria.
 &quot;And France has a fortune as a permanent member of the Security Council, because it would probably pass as Canada, while some others would not be picked as Germany this year,&quot; said Arab diplomat noted. WHO BENEFITS Islamophobia &quot;Very sorry, and sincerely - concern us, as acts of Islamophobia in some places increased, and that certain western politicians use such xenophobic discourse in their campaigns,&quot; he said among other things, in an interview for Dnevni Avaz, General OIC Secretary Ekmelleddin Insanoglu. He added that &quot;this ad-hoc mentality does not remain unnoticed in the Islamic world.&quot; In the same interview for our paper - Insanoglu welcomed the U.S. government and President Obama, because of &quot;clear and powerful statement&quot; that followed the announcement &quot;on the burning of the Koran.&quot; In a recent interview Avaz and Russian Ambassador to the UN, Vitaliy Churkin, said his country would &quot;take care of the sensibilities.&quot;
 Russia and Islamic countries &quot;if we take the number of Muslims in it, say, 2006 at Hajj was 18 000 of Russian Muslims. Leading an intense campaign in the Islamic world against the recognition of Kosovo, while keeping the Russians on their side as the main allies, the Serbian diplomat were applied precisely this &quot;sensitivity&quot;. I seem to have succeeded, because only 15 out of 57 Islamic countries in OIC member, until September 2010 recognized this youngest, since 2008, an independent state in Europe, even though Kosovo has a population of over 95 percent Muslim. &quot;Overcome the policy, and we know that Vuk Jeremic (Minister of Foreign Affairs of Serbia, who declare themselves as Serbs, but where should say that it is the mother of Islamic origin from Bosnia - author&#39;s note), in the Arab world, generously served with Esallamu Alleikum ... &quot;says his Kosovo counterpart Skender Hyseni for our newspaper. Learned from diplomatic sources, that is, 5 November 2009, when the pretty heated and polarized atmosphere at the UN General Assembly voted on the adoption Goldstonovog report on Gaza, the ambassador of Serbia in the UN, Feodor Starcevic - on his mobile, Jeremic has sent only one SMS message: &quot;We will vote with brothers! The Serbs then voted, as all Arabs.
 Of course, no need to argue that Bosnia and Herzegovina &quot;special preferential ii case&quot; in the Arab world, choice of BiH in the Security Council 17.oktobra 2009, when the country received 183 votes in the General Assembly, it is a typical example of such a special relationship. &quot;You know that I gave Alija Izetbegovic Bosnian passport and the title of Honorary Ambassador (Ambassador at-large) BiH, and it is not forgotten ...&quot;, says among other things, a Turkish historian, Secretary General of OIC Insanoglu. Semi we communicate, both in Islamic countries, to mention Bosnia and Srebrenica - many &quot;still rising to his feet.&quot; DUH Srebrenica UN well-informed European diplomats, of course, know about it. So, who saw her remaining rival from the East European regional group, then Bosnia, Poland - dropped at the beginning of 2009, 10 months before the vote in the UN. One small Bosnia, a country with three times less diplomatic infrastructure in the world &quot;to win&quot; is Poland, which has more than 100 embassies, consulates or diplomatic missions on all continents.
 After all, former Polish survey and special emissary of the UN in Bosnia, Tadeusz Mazowiecky, had resigned in 1995 because of the Srebrenica under. Poland seems to be properly assessed, it is primarily in the Islamic world - an excellent established Bosnia can not be eliminated. Thanks to the Islamic bloc of countries, and the logistics of Non-Aligned Movement, 17 October 2007, and Croatia is smoothly entered into the Security Council. Already in the first round, beat the Czech Republic, which is in contrast to the Polish - fought to the last breath. Probably because he and Croatia, as it is - nominally a Catholic country, but - it turned out excellent connections in the Islamic world, which is inherited from the former Yugoslavia. &quot;In the Islamic world we have our traditional friends, since the days of former Yugoslavia,&quot; said Budimir Loncar, the last of Tito&#39;s foreign minister, and until recently chief foreign policy adviser to Croatian President, Stjepan Mesic, and then I Josipovic.
 Croatian media are mostly Croatian accession to the Security Council attributed Loncar. &quot;Leka Porter was the architect of the Croatian victory in the race for the Council,&quot; said well-informed ambassador Amir Muharemi, former deputy head of the Croatian Mission to the UN and its Security Council delegation in 2008, now in the diplomatic service in Turkey: &quot;Because without the support of Islamic countries, distributed mainly on two continents, Africa and Asia, than those of most of the 118 NAM member countries, and then those in Group 77, mean 132 countries, and that they should not forget - most countries have excellent connections in the Islamic world, without them then - there is no real electoral base for entry into the Council. And we behaved as well ... &quot;said in a telephone conversation with Ambassador Muharemi. &quot;It would not be hurt, the Bosnian ambassador to the UN Security Council knows, or at least learn that from time to time to start their speeches with the Arabic greeting, not only because the Arabic language is one of the six official languages of the UN, but also as proof that Bosnia and Herzegovina understands, respects and follows the Arab world, &quot;he says in a specially interviewed on this subject - one of the greatest living doyen of world diplomacy, the 86-year-old Budimir Loncar.
 And this is advice that applies to all other diplomats from countries that do not hide their ambition to become a non-permanent or permanent Security Council members. War of all against all, and in conversation with a senior Brazilian diplomat in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Brasilia, at the end of August, we were told that their country, as one of the four - the so-called. initiative, &quot;G-4&quot;, for admission of Brazil, India, Japan and Germany to permanent membership of the Security Council, quite seriously effect, or a factor of Islamic countries. &quot;We have excellent ties with the Islamic world, based on principled and common issues related to the development agenda,&quot; said the head veleljepnoj Brazilian diplomacy. &quot;Here in Brasilia, we are counting on the long run,&quot; said a Brazilian diplomat at the same excellent English. Brazil and Ankara, voted against the last round of sanctions on Iran, adopted in the Security Council this spring.
 From the group &quot;G-4,&quot; Japan as a permanent member was largely to punish Tehran. Although outside the Security Council and Germany had been very vocal in favor of the billing of new sanctions on Iran, while India, (also, only the next 2011, the Security Council), in the spring of 2010 - was visibly neutral about it. If the new session of the Council on the agenda again put a new package of sanctions on Iran, then to India, and Portugal - were more prone to the neutral position, diplomats said. India&#39;s Ambassador to the UN, Hardeep Singh Puri for Dnevni Avaz said that the choice of his country in the Security Council - in fact impetus for putting the reform of the Council - high on the agenda of the UN. India has long working on getting a permanent place in the Council, but the campaign of regional rivals, in which New Delhi opposes Pakistan, Brazil - Argentina and Mexico, Germany, - Italy, a permanent membership of Japan, is opposed to China - has long been like a &quot;war of all against all &quot;(Omni Bellum Contra Omnes - Lat.).
 It is a statement by the Indian ambassador categorically refused, announcing that from this fall - things are moving in the right direction. Masood Haider, a longtime correspondent for the Pakistani daily &quot;Dawn&quot; (Dawn) from the UN in New York, said that Pakistan, in this election - voted in favor of India&#39;s membership in the Security Council, regardless of what the next 187 votes for India, the finally counted and the one vote &quot;for Pakistan&quot;. Haider said, that it is possible - it&#39;s a done intentionally, to &quot;zakuhala&quot; with India. &quot;But, Ambassador Puri&quot; knows that Pakistan had voted for India, &quot;he says. After all, India is a Muslim country: according to the CIA in July 2010, one billion and 13.4 million inhabitants stopedesetisedam percent are Muslims, and that is over 150 million people. Slovenia is not Bosnia as it is when the calculations were to enter into the Security Council in question, especially when it comes to two or more candidates for one seat.
 So it will be when Bosnia and Herzegovina, a two-year mandate expires in December 2011. For a place that belongs to the Eastern European group, from 2012 to 2013 - the diplomatic spearhead already begun to interbreed Slovenia and Hungary. Everything takes place in an atmosphere of confusion, because the &quot;East Europe&quot;, has already become the &quot;West&quot;; Hungary, Slovenia, Romania, Bulgaria, and almost all other countries of the former Soviet bloc - joined the European Union, but countries from the region, and still eligible for the Security Council - right at regional level: This is nonsense, because they are all now a single Europe, and East has ceased to exist after the fall of the Berlin Wall, say analysts. European countries and 27 of them in the EU already have two permanent and three permanent seats in the Council, including Russia, as for example, twice as many African countries, 53 of them have no permanent place in the Council. &quot;The disparity is evident at the expense of poorer, say diplomats.
 And when it comes to the &quot;dead run&quot; between Budapest and Ljubljana, it is clear why there are no favorites, &quot;Hungary and Slovenia are not United will have to work very hard to get into the Security Council 2012, just as we ... 2009,&quot; said We have a Croatian diplomat: &quot;They need a true electoral base, which this year won the Portugal and Canada lost.&quot; True or not, many of the Columbus day again &quot;discovered America&quot; at the UN. &quot;Nothing without Muslim brethren in the East River, some diplomats say.
 