Due to the forced departure of annual leave due to them on Monday morning with great difficulty Nigoević sent Free Regular nerežiškog owner of the company &quot;Berica&quot;, 95 employees is virtually occupied the municipal headquarters. It will not come out until they think they are now absent Mayor Lawrence Kuščević not that the signature on parcelation study, a step that leads to the legalization Beričine new office building in nerežiškoj economic zone, and thus return to their jobs. All employees have stood as one with Beric, the main culprit for the large island of Brac problem charging Chief KUŠĆEVIĆ. He said to them, they say, for months hampers signature studies, and thus leads them to a potential job loss. Pressed against the wall, Berica responded by sending workers on forced leave, who are angry and upset, some crying, truck company on Monday closed all entrances to the headquarters site, and the economic zone Nerežišće and interrupt the main power cable in the area.
 Workers seeking an urgent meeting with the mayor, who said that, due to previously agreed commitments, had to go for a trip to Zagreb. Clarification is accepted, the workers of the largest private companies from the island of Brac says that the municipalities have no intention to leave until the Mayor does not put a signature on the report. This would Beričina buildings in the economic zone was legalized, and the workers would return to work. But do not give up, since Beric not going anywhere - says Sanjay Kuščević, who did not hide her tears because of the possible departure of the labor exchanges. -We have taken the reins and started the battle for life. Twelve years ago I was there, and my wife works in the firm, wages and all other contributions are never late, everything was made chief, he created his hands. That&#39;s why we support him and will not give up until Kuščević not make it right. For months, waiting for just this move we can still work, to feed our children, to live life - says Pere Kuščević, a kind of labor leader.
 Agree with him all the protesters, armed with whistles, trumpets, posters ... and large trucks with sirens Nerežišće on Monday raised to his feet. Chief of the message that the problem with them to resolve the extraordinary session of the Municipal Council, convened on Wednesday, was greeted with whistles. They say they are ready for long waits. Sure, it&#39;s less of a problem than the one that follows if you get into the stock market work. Tanja Šimundic BENDIĆ / Josko PONOŠ Photo / Getty Source: Slobodna Dalmacija
 