Ka ¹ Peace is the name for the northwestern region of the Indian subcontinent. In early tisuæljeæa was Important that the center ¹ Hinduism and Buddhism. British rule of the Indian peninsula core finished in 1947. And the British Indian Empire collapsed to hold the new state of Indian Union and Pakistan&#39;s Dominion, and you ¹ e ¾ princes structures which should themselves decide on their fate. One of them was Ka ¹ Peace, which was then ruled maharad ¾ Hari Singh. India and Pakistan signed an agreement under which the former British colonial ¹ e ¾ princes structures themselves could choose whether to assign India or Pakistan, and in some special cases remain independent. In 1947. population Ka ¹ ¹ tvo peace was a majority Muslim (77%), and Ka ¹ peace is granièio with Pakistan, and the public expects it will be that peace Ka ¹ join Pakistan. But maharad ¾ Singh, a descendant hinduistièke Indian royal lineage, he refused to join his kingdom Pakistan.
 Pakistan has reacted to the rejection by sending guerrilla fighters across the border in Ka ¹ peace, with the aim of frightening claims maharad ¹ ¾ e. As the Pakistani fighters approximate Avala its capital, Hari Singh addressed to help the Indian government, which caused the connection to send military reinforcements Ka ¹ Peace India. Singh signed the agreement on the merger, and India is the Ka ¹ Peace has sent military forces were quickly expelled the Pakistani fighters from most of the country (Indo-Pakistani War 1947th, also known as the &quot;first to ¹ cosmic war&quot;). Then he called for mediation mission of the UN. The United Nations demanded that the mail will respect the majority population ¹ society around issues of mergers, but India has insisted that the referendum may not be implemented until all parts of the country is not exempt from Pakistani militants. This referendum is not carried out until the day ¹ his Day. The war years and the culmination of the conflict dispute Ka ¹ peace lasted for decades, 1968.
 Weapons ¾ ani rebels from the Muslim part of the household population Ka ¹ ¹ peace, backed by Pakistan, you raise in revolt against the Indian government. Of these events, China used military force to combat the uprising and supervision Ka ¹ peace. However, the phenomenon of &quot;mud ahedina ¾&quot; in Afghanistan, many of these experienced fighters come in peace Ka ¹ helping rebels in the fight against India. And volunteers come from other countries. India has accused Pakistan ¾ ila to give you strengthening Indian soldiers in the Ka ¹ peace and support for the rebels waging a campaign of terror against her. With the occasional weapon ¾ ane low-intensity conflicts, the two countries - both nuclear powers, were on the brink of war. On 13 December 2001. The terrorists attacked the Indian parliament, Shoots and 9 cases ¹ ¾ officers insurance, but the terrorists themselves were killed in the attack. Killed by the terrorists of India has identified as Pakistani nationals hold, the phone to further evil ¹ tril relations between India and Pakistan.
 After the event, India okreæe new strategy &quot;intolerance of terrorism&quot; and poo ¹ grass and measure the Ka ¹ peace. Godine1965. And especially 1971st led the fighting between India and Pakistan (Indo-Pakistani War 1971st or &quot;second to ¹ cosmic war&quot;), and finished the Chile defeat and surrender of Pakistani forces in eastern Pakistan (today Bangladesh their ¹ ¹). The peace agreement signed in 1972. According to which both countries have decided to continue to peacefully solve the dispute over Avati ¹ ¹ Towards peace, in accordance with the provisions of the UN. Until the uprising islamistièkih rebels in peace Ka ¹ re coming 1989th, this time assisted the Afghan veterans - ¾ ahedinima mud. The Pakistani government has publicly give you core moral and diplomatic support to rebels in their fight against the Indian army. She rejected the Indian defendants ¾ ¾ be to provide a military aid the rebels. Mid-1999. The rebels and Pakistani soldiers from the Pakistani part of the Ka ¹ peace crossing the Indian province of Jammu and Ka ¹ peace and Key take up positions in mountains above the highway that connects Ka ¹ Mirsk valley and Ladakh.
 This led to armed conflict ¾ blended Indian and Pakistani armies. The Pakistani army withdrew during the fighting, the phone to end the conflict. Currently, the state of India controls about half the territory of the former mail our kingdom of Jammu and Ka ¹ peace (that part is now considered the Indian hold Ava Jammu and Ka ¹ Peace), the Pakistan one third of the territory to the north (Northern Province and Azad Ka ¹ peace), and the rest is ruled by the People&#39;s Republic of China, which is 1950th occupied parts of the northeast region of Ladakh, no mail tujuæi earlier agreements Great Britain, Russia, Afghanistan and around this part of the Ka nezauzimanja ¹ peace. Neither India nor Pakistan have never officially acknowledged the official joining of these parts together. Official ¾ ¹ officially stood and India is that the region Ka ¹ peace integral part of India. Pakistan officially stood the official mail is that the Ka ¹ peace on the disputed territory headed status must decide themselves residents of Ka ¹ peace referendum. Protest Muslim population ¹ offices in Srinagar, Ka ¹ peace 2008th
 The Indian government also believes that the insurgency and terrorism in Ka ¹ peace actively supported Pakistan, which is why it asks for a core of the international community to declare Pakistan the country - the sponsor of terrorism. Pakistan rejects these claims, arguing that the Act of Accession Ka ¹ Peace India is invalid, because maharad ¾ Singh was not popular or national leader, is greater than the population ¹ society do you ivljavan as a dictator and a tyrant, and that he escaped from Ka ¹ peace before he signed the agreement, he lost his position rulers and could not have the power or authority to sign it ¹ e. One of the reasons for the dispute over Ka ¹ peace is the question of water and rivers; Ka ¹ peace passes you ¹ s rivers that are important key role in irrigation and agriculture and India and Pakistan. The dispute over the river is partially resolved ¹ en Hindus Water Agreement of 1960. year, but the dispute was still add the actual construction of large dams on the Indian side of the tributaries, and to reduce the quantity of water on the Pakistani side, and cause losses in agriculture.
 Discerned whether a solution of ¼? The first signs of progress have appeared just after the terrorist attacks on the WTC 11.9.2001. Then ¹ their President Musharraf managed to restrict the power of militant Islamists in Pakistan itself, mail to him would allow you ¹ e pragmatièan and less retorièan access to Indian requirements. India has demanded swift action against the Pakistani terrorist group involved in the attack on Indian Parliament. Pakistani authorities have arrested members of terrorist groups. Musharraf ¾ elio oèuvati secular leaders of his reputation, and therefore you wanted to reduce the power of militant groups in Pakistan itself. Mud ahedini Ka ¾ ¹ retired in 2005. Ka ¹ peace was struck a devastating earthquake in which the life lost more mail than 80 000 people, the phone to encourage India and Pakistan to speed up negotiations and agreements, and signed mail in opening the road for the official be spa ¹ expression and assistance in disasters through Ka ¹ peace. This event started slowly further peace talks, from which it may be possible to come up to solve the crisis in the mail next year.
 India is in the 21 century country on the rise and has a growing influence in the global economy and technology. However, the question of peace Ka ¹ koei its progress, and reserves the the &quot;dark sides&quot; 20 century. If the question of peace Ka ¹ ¹ words meant, and Pakistan became an ally of India, both countries would achieve far more ¹ s internal and foreign policy plan. Solution of ¹ to ¹ cosmic crisis, would significantly impact on regional stability it you do not Asia. World ¾ analysts agree that the question Ka ¹ Peace can not be resolved ¹ ¾ iti through military conflict, but rather the achievement of political agreement, if not through direct negotiations, then with the help of the international community.
 