14 October 2010 | Tags: Healthy Living Academy, B9878-5-M, Culisense technology HK884400FS, Croatian Culinary Federation, MaxiSight induction plate, Zoran Delic, Zoran Stanisavljević | Posted in: Innovative products, Trends in household Photos Text: Snjezana ČRNJEVIĆ, BBC News Tuesday 12 October, held a first workshop Electrolux and Večernjakova Academy of healthy living. Among the numerous applications of readers, to participate in the workshop were selected from Paula Kosić Krka, Anica Mirosavljević, a student from Slavonski Brod, Daria Coc Štokić, retired from Zagreb. And while Anica and Paul first got involved in this kind of workshop, Ms. Daria Coc joined us for the fourth time. In the preparation of indigenous local dishes are our readers had the wholehearted support from the Croatian Zoran Stanisavljevic Cooks Association and Zoran Delic, Podravka promoter cooking. Zoran Stanisavljević workshop participants presented the Croatian Culinary Federation.
 With concern about the overall development of the culinary profession, HKS gladly joined in this project, which is the main goal of popularizing Croatian gastronomic tradition. So we are at the first workshop to learn the traditional local cuisine, and poor and rich. - Kitchen is the Istrian peasants, who tried to hijack all of which must be, it is more a source of survival. There are wild chicory, dandelion and asparagus, the Istrian trying anything else had. There are also mushrooms, and inevitably olive oil, cheese, wine and fish. Istrian cuisine is poor, but rich flavors - said Zoran Stanisavljević from HKS. Paula Kosić Krka with the winner of the first workshop, a victory for the prepared hot appetizers, risotto with seafood. Participants of Workshop Electrolux and Večernajkove Academy prepared the dishes on the latest equipment from Electrolux offers, they made cooking easier and easier. One of them is the AEG-Electrolux MaxiSight HK884400FS induction plate, width 78 inches, which provides maximum cooking flexibility.
 There are 4 induction cooking zones and a host of additional features, such as touch-sensitive controls, power amplifiers, safety lock. Boasts a very modern design in gray. To prepare the dishes in the first workshop of this year&#39;s Academy used the oven AEG-Electrolux B9878-5-M, equipped Culisense technology that allows automated cooking to the type of food. Along with electronic touch controls, this oven has 13 cooking functions, the option baking at low temperatures, and a few hidden surprise. Particularly useful is a function of pyrolysis, which means that this self-cleaning oven. During the special action in which those who opt to purchase these devices, as well as other AEG-Electrolux built-in set of panels and oven, Electrolux gift set top dishes Moneta coated ceramics. More information on www.electrolux.hr If you wish to participate in our academy sign up for e-mail kulinarskaakademija@vecernji.net Save and share this post Related Articles
 