Photo: Uefa FOR YOUR fourth European Championship Croatia will be through a qualifying group F cope with Malta, Georgia, Latvia, Israel and Greece! Caki ahead of their second qualifying cycle cried out that after two very tough ¾ Draw for Euro 2008. And smooth aljeno ¾ ¾ Cup in South East Africa, the time that Croatia shall assist luck. Seems to be to him like to answered, at least on paper, because it certainly would be unfortunate were to play in Group A, where would the Germans in Berlin against the Turks &quot;to play on gostujuæem ground,&quot; the group C, where Slovenia, Serbia and Italy, or for example, group I where the Scots, Èesi and current champions of Europe, the Spaniards. Interestingly, half of our group for qualifying for the European Championship meðusono is a shared group for the World Cup in South Africa South ¾. Greece has won placement, Latvia and Israel does not. ® Draw gathered in Warsaw is still a Croatian coach names. Cico Kranjèar, a newly menu Montenegro guest will at Wembley, in an extremely difficult group where Wales, Bulgaria, Switzerland and England, and will be Joseph Ku ¾ with Albania oppose Sušiæevoj BiH, and this group is and Luxembourg, Belarus, Romania, France.
 And you even work for Čiče, Sušiæa and Ku ¾ ea. Group A: Azerbaijan ¾ an, Kazakhstan, Belgium, Austria, Turkey, Germany Group B: Andorra, Armenia, Macedonia, Ireland, Slovakia, Russia Group C: Faroe Islands, Estonia, Slovenia, Northern Ireland, Serbia, Italy Group D: Luxembourg, Albania , Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Romania, France Group E: San Marino, Moldova, Hungary, Finland, Sweden, Netherlands Group C: Malta, Georgia, Latvia, Israel, Greece, CROATIA Group G: Crna Gora, Wales, Bulgaria, Switzerland , England Group H: Iceland, Cyprus, Norway, Denmark, Portugal Group I: Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Scotland, Češka, Spain Qualify for the European Championship kicks off third September 2010. year. Nine group winners and best second placed team qualify directly to the championship, while the other eight runners-up team animates the play-off, and the four winners are placed on the final tournament.
 Croatia&#39;s national team, which despite letting in the 2010 World Cup, had the status of the holder of the public draw you a group in the EP, the group is classified Andrzej Szarmach, the legend of the golden era of Polish football. Besides Szarmacha and Secretary UEFA Gianni Infantino, through you, we were led Draw ambassadors Polish-Ukrainian Euro, Andriy Ševèenko, Zbigniew Boniek and Oleg Blohin, legend Dinamo Kiev. We are reminded, view from a picture in Warsaw, some great moments of European football, even since 1960. when it is held in France you registered the first European Championship, then called the European Nations Cup. The first European gold went to the USSR, and in the finals played the former Yugoslavia. Since 1960. The European Championship was held ¾ states every four years, while Poland and Ukraine celebrated the anniversary - half a century since the first Euro tournament. Defend the European title the Spaniards, who are on their second European gold waited for the distant 1964th
 year. Better than the Spaniards and the French just Germans who pride themselves with three European championships. With the Slavs Biliæa in Warsaw palace of culture and science scores are waited for help, &quot;elbow&quot; and Aljoša Asanoviæ Zorislav Srebriæ, the HNS&#39;s secretary. European Championship opens on 8 June in Warsaw, and the finals of the tournament in an organization that requires the location of doubt many women will play in Kiev, first July The tournament will be played in eight cities: Poznan, Warsaw, Wroclaw and Gdansk, Kiev, Donetsk, Dnipropetrovsk and Lviv. The two groups will be located in Poland and two in Ukraine. 51 teams made it into the public draw, you, out of 53 members of UEFA, due to the direct marketing of the co-organizers. 14 teams will qualify for the final tournament, while the co-organizers, Poland and Ukraine, directly &quot;inside.&quot; Teams for qualifications are classified into nine groups, of particular current ¾ Draw. Six group has six teams and three groups of five teams.
 Georgia and Russia, and Azerbaijan and Armenia ¾ an could not be measured in the same group because of political reasons, the decision of UEFA. In Warsaw gathered cream of European football, and among the speakers was the Polish prime minister Donald Tusk. &quot;Poland and Ukraine were the first winners of these qualifications, after all we have done to organize championships,&quot; he said. Pot: 1 hat: Spain, Germany, Holland, Italy, England, CROATIA, Portugal, France, Russia. 2nd hat: Greece, Češka, Sweden, Switzerland, Serbia, Turkey, Denmark, Slovakia, Romania. 3rd hat: Israel, Bulgaria, Finland, Norway, Ireland, Scotland, Northern Ireland, Austria, Bosnia and Herzegovina. 4th hat: Slovenia, Latvia, Hungary, Lithuania, Belarus, Belgium, Wales, Macedonia, Cyprus 5th hat: Montenegro, Albania, Estonia, Georgia, Moldova, Iceland, Armenia, Kazakhstan. Liechtenstein. 6th hat: Azerbaijan ¾ an, Luxembourg, Malta, Faroe Islands, Andorra, San Marino.
 Share
 