Invalid accelerator has grown in real nightmare for the Japanese manufacturer. Million callable range in Europe! Mass recall of Toyota vehicles to run because of the increasing number of complaints and accidents caused by spontaneous accelerations caused by abnormal pedal extended to Europe! Remember, due to deterioration of certain components in the mechanism of the accelerator, there is increased friction for which the same becomes harder, more difficult to push, slowly coming back and what is worse - it can get stuck! Because of incorrect PAPUČICE Recalled 2.3 million Toyota logo Toyota recalls have been referred to the eight models (Rav4, Matrix, Corolla, Camry, Avalon, Highlander, Tundra, Sequoia) made in those North American plants that were supplied parts of the CTS Corporation of Indiana . Sales of these models is stopped, and from 1 will cease in February for a week in order to equip plants with new ones.
 The Toyota claim that none of the 14,000 workers who worked in them will not get fired. How will this be a blow to Toyota, speaks for the fact that the eight models wore even 57% of sales on American soil in 2009. year. Models Lexus and Scion were excluded from this recall because they are drawn up in Japan, and supplied them to other vendor. CANCELLATION FOR more than 1.8 million vehicles in Europe, 75,000 in China, ... Because this is a problem Toyota recalled 2.3 million vehicles in North America, but it seems that the total figure to be considerably higher since the same problem plaguing about 1.8 million units produced in the Old World! These are the official report: AYGO, iQ, Yaris, Auris, Corolla, Verso, Avensis and RAV4. The Toyota have confirmed that European plants already equipped with new komponentema, and how their work will be stopped. On the other hand, the U.S. would drive might have a problem.
 Company CTS Corporation, namely, due to limited production capacity can meet only 2 million &quot;defective&quot; vehicles, and should include those who have yet to produce. And canceling the affected vehicles that Toyota produces in cooperation with other producers. This primarily applies to models Peugeot 107 and Citroën C1, to be precise 90 000! Furthermore, the recall applies to 75,000 RAV4 models which are manufactured in China. Prevention work, Ford has announced stopping production of diesel versions of Transit Classic, which is also produced in China, and is equipped with a throttle mechanism that produces the company CTS Corp.. What to do if you are driving is a problem with the gas pedal and your car begins to accelerate! Toyota recommends that stronger pressure on the brake, throw shifter in neutral, and a car fire after a safe stop. After that the car should definitely take away from an authorized Toyota technician.
 VIDEO: Toyota accelerator problematic because of problems with 5.4 million cancer CARPETS CARS Recall that the above case is not technically related to those that occurred late last year. Then, in fact, were involved and problematic carpets for which the accelerator pedal might get stuck. According to a report published late last year, these problems are affected by Toyota&#39;s Camry, Avalon, Prius, Tacoma and Tundra, then the Lexus ES 350, IS 250 and IS350, and these days they are joined by the Highlander, Corolla, Venza and the twins and the Matrix Pontiac Vibe. Because carpet is the wrong way revoked a total of 5.4 million cars (4.3 million in the fall of 2009, an additional 1.1 million this week) and has thus become the largest recall in the history of distinguished Japanese manufacturers. It is estimated that 1.7 million vehicles in the recall affected with both problems. THE FALL OF SHARES, MARKET SHARE FALL ...
 British AutoCar states that the value of the shares of Toyota in Japan due to recall millions sank 16.7 percent, and any dispute CTS Corporation is a company more successful. Their shares have fallen about 15 percent. It is expected that the negative trend will continue given that the number of recall increases. Portal Edmunds.com estimates that Toyota will lose up to 14.7% share in the U.S. market. Kurt Sanger, an analyst at Germany&#39;s biggest bank - Deutsche Bank estimates it will recall millions of cars Toyota stand between 446 and 502 million U.S. dollars a week, and only for the USA.
 