Wembley, &quot;Hand of God&quot;, &quot;spitting affair&quot; - and right now &quot;stealing&quot; the English bare (untried goalscorer Frank Lampard). In the history of the world championships in many occasions just fatal errors judge decided on the further course of the tournament. In some earlier Mundijal stolen they felt the Germans, Spaniards, Italians, or later, Australians - and now the English. In fact, it has to say it again now they&#39;re Englishmen. Just like the i 1986. year, the tournament where Diego Armando Maradona became a football legend. In front of 114,580 spectators at Aztec Stadium in Mexico City, the Argentine arm clean the ball into the net England goalkeeper Peter Shilton. After Argentina as the winner completed the quarter-final clash, Diego Maradona told reporters that he has not done anything, and that it was the &quot;Hand of God&quot;. All they saw the hand - except the judges Bildunterschrift: Diego Maradona handball game at the World Championships in 1986.
 Although ingenious (perhaps the best in history) in the same football game and scored second goal from the regular solo attack over 60 meters, the English media at the time, only four years after the Falkland War, came out on the newsstands with headlines packed hatred. Only a year after the game (and winning the title of world champion), Maradona admitted that the ball struck his hand, not his head. Through TV and it&#39;s already seen the whole world - but not the referee trio. The biggest theft in the history of its representation, Germany had the World Cup in 1966. Azerbaijani linesman Tofik Bahramov on 30 July, at the World Championships in England, became a lifelong enemy of the German fans. In the finals they met the English and Germans. After 2:2 in the first 90 minutes, they played overtime. And 101 minute goal scorer &quot;dignified Albion&quot; Geoff Hurst was fired the ball towards the German goal, hit the crossbar and the ball bounced - where you really declined? Bahramov was chief judge from Switzerland (Gottfried Dienst) has refused to behind the line, the referee played 3:2.
 The English later, after a 4:2 celebrated the first and only victory in Mundijal. Bildunterschrift: legendary kicks Hurst (not in photo) at the World Championships in 1966. The most controversial strike in the history of football games has become a matter of debate, which continues today. Hurstovim dealt a blow to scientists, they now claim that the ball did not fall behind, but in front of the line. That was not a goal. Lampardov deductible goal in the World Cup quarter-finals in 2010. in Germany today is also called &quot;revenge for Wembley.&quot; Revenge for Wembley? Stolen have already felt (rightly) and the Italians. The culprit: Byron Moreno. Ecuadorean judge shared the &quot;justice&quot; in the quarter-finals of World Cup 2002. Italians in the final round of play against South Korea. And in just a single game were robbed several times. First, they overturned Moreno regular goal, then overlooked the South Korean red card for a foul against Del Piero - and as a climax: the end of the match the referee gave a really funny Totti a red card.
 Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Guus Hiddink Umpiring errors follow the World Championships since the first day: but 1934th then host the winner of the title (Italy) in the quarter benefited from regular nepiznavanja Goals Spain. And in Australia the word &quot;Italy&quot; still raises blood pressure football fans. At the World Championship in 2006. in the knockout rounds in Kaiserslautern played the fifth minute of injury time. Australians were on the threshold of sensation against Italy. And then the referee Luis Medina Cantalejo playing one of najapsurdnijih penalty in history - Italy is a minimum score of &quot;cleared&quot; Australia and later won the title. &quot;It was a criminal,&quot; he said after the match Guus Hiddink, former Australian menu. Koreans have to win? Let us once again to SP 2002nd I quarterfinal between Spain and the home of South Korea. The whole world then had the feeling that the Asians MUST play in the semifinals.
 Two nedosuđena, as tears pure Spanish naked, the only confirmed the impression. That after the judges wrong decisions in exceptional cases, and the happy end, we learned at the World Championships in 1990. In the quarter-finals of forces weigh the bitter rivals and neighbors: the Germans and Dutch. I like it was yesterday, in front of us is spinning scene in which Frank Rijkaard first ear-pulling konsterniranog Rudi Völler, and then it &quot;shot&quot; by saliva. The judge awarded both players red cards. And Rijkaard goal scorer, and entirely innocent &quot;shelf&quot;. Bildunterschrift: Frank Rijkaard (right) and Rudi Völler Just 14 days later Völler is back on the field. In the final against Argentina. Decision on the world champion in the clash of Germans, and Argentina (1:0) was dropped after the penalty at the end of the meeting. Strijalac with white spots was Brehme. And in the penalty area made it a misdemeanor - on Rudi Völler. Author: sid / sma Re. ed: A. Subic
 