Posted: 21 July 2010 - 22/06/2009 17:43 SYRIA (day 3) Amman, Damascus got up around 7:30 in order that the sooner I go to Damascus. At the reception there is none, and my passport was locked in a vault. I want it as soon as possible but there you go ... at the level of service. There is also a bell on the reception desk, bell, but in vain. So, I can go from here. After an hour of waiting, ringing, the character finally woke up. A hotel, fucking your life! I took a taxi to the Abdali bus station. At the station I was greeted with the thieves shared taxi, which means us 3-4 paid a taxi to Damascus, each of 10 JD. Hurry up and accept me, they would not wait for the bus. Bus might cost more than 2 JD, but we do not wait. However, it is wise to first ask if a bus, even if the term does not fit, then take a taxi, but my head that I speak on what the cap. Once this goes to the entrance of the city, and I&#39;m not in Damascus. So they agreed to when you unload the front of the town, at the same place and waiting for second taxi driver who will drive to the desired destination for hunting thick.
 Classical fraud. So, take the bus, be sure, not the taxi at bus stations. But there, on your mistakes are best learned. Around 10:30 I was at the border. Paying tax and exit from Jordan - 5 JD. He arrived in Damascus - the capital of Syria. I found a room near the old town at the Al Gala, where he owns a great big fag because I&#39;m fucked for the climate in the room, you never had. In fact, the climate has asked for more money but because his room was quite expensive, and the principles I accepted to pay anything more. Room is good, clean and everything is ok, but a little expensive. And without the climate is hell. After check-in going on a tour of the city. Damascus won the title of oldest continuously inhabited city in the world and currently has about 4.5 million inhabitants. In the earliest times by many conquerors fought around it. Among the first was King David of Israel, the Assyrians, the 732nd BC, about 600 Nabuhadnezar BC, the Persians and Alexander the Great in the 333rd
 BC Under the Romans, the city became the base for the fight against the Persians. With the arrival of Islam, Damascus became the seat of the Caliphate in the 661st Amajad year. Twice he was winning even the Mongols, the second time the famous Mongol leader Tamerlejn that the city flattened to the ground. Under the Ottoman Turks, the city begins to declines. What does not surprise me one bit. Later, from 1920. - 1945. The French occupied the city. The riots in 1946. led to complete independence of the expulsion of the French and English from the country and city. One can say that Damascus is composed of two distinct parts: the old town and all the rest. The old city is surrounded by walls and a few stretches and south of the walls surrounding it a new part from all sides. The old town is situated by the river Barada. The main access to the old town is a market that is covered by Al-suka Hamidija through which comes right before the famous Amajad mosque. The heart of the modern city in the area of Al-Merjeh, where I was and I placed a to Al Hamidija suka have less than 5 minutes walking.
 Another important place where everything happens around Saahat Yousef al-Azmeh circle and streets that link away. From the hotel I went to the old city, passed through the famous market or as they call suk Al Hamidi. The main street market there since Roman times, although its present form mainly in the late 19th century. Covered the iron roof which is perforated by bullets from the French aircraft during the uprising 1925th year, so that the light penetrates the hole and leaves the light on street circuits. There are many small side streets with shops and stalls. This is the main place for trade in the city. Selling everything: clothes, fabrics, gold jewelry, gems, souvenirs, spices, fruits, food ... Basically the types of products grouped so that one part of a series such as jewelry stores, second only to carpets, etc. .. Although it&#39;s not strictly rule. It is a great crowd and this is the right place to feel the right way to Damascus and the Arab trade.
 Of course, cijenkanje understood and it is a real art here. Right next to this most suka, there is another one: suk Medhat Pasha, which I also visited. I have not bought anything, because I&#39;m mostly not interested. The walls of the old city was first built by the Romans and spirituality were destroyed several times. What is now left of them is mainly from the 13th century. By 20 century became the 13 gates in the walls. I have the names of these gates are often used for orientation. For example, I knew that the eastern gate of Bab Hinges (Bab ash-Sharqi) means beer, because it is the entrance to the Christian part of the old city, where you can find a normal man. Otherwise, the old city is divided into Muslim, Christian and Jewish part. Muslim occupies some 80% sure, but because the real action in those 20%. There are good restaurants, some bars that have beer and everything. As in the rest of višemilionskog Damascus is not the case. If you want something to drink, and it&#39;s not tea, lemonade or coffee, then you know where to go - Bab Hinges! I come to the mosque known Amajada which is one of the most important Islamic buildings in the world and the first Great Mosque.
 Definitely the most important religious building in Syria. By holiness is just behind the mosque in Mecca and Medina. When the Emperor Constantine accepted Christianity as the official religion of the Roman Empire, the former pagan shrine was replaced by the basilica dedicated to John the Baptist, whose head is supposedly located here in a crate inside the mosque. It really surprised me, because I saw a bunch of Muslim faithful to pray around a closed object with a green glass window through which to see the sarcophagus in which the alleged head of John the Baptist. It is the temple of John the Baptist (Prophet Yehia for Muslims) with a green dome, covered with marble and a story that was in the 8th Ages beneath the floor of the old basilica was found the crate containing his head. Today there are several places that claim to contain the relics of that head with skin and hair, so it&#39;s not 100% sure. In any case, this is one of them. When the Muslims conquered Damascus 636th
 years, Christians have been driven out of the basilica, a Roman building were demolished. During the next 10 years built a brand new mosque. The then ruler of Khaled ibn al-Walid said: &quot;I want to build something that nobody has ever built before me and even after me.&quot; Each wall was decorated with rich mosaics, jewels are embedded in a prayer, a wooden ceiling is lined with gold, which was hung with golden lamps 600. They say that the construction would cost several years of collecting taxes throughout Syria. On the eastern side of the temple Hussein Alievog son and grandson of the Prophet Muhammad, which attracts a large number of Shi&#39;ite faithful because of Ali claims that the founder of Shiite Islam. There are hanging a large number of Shi&#39;ite believers from Iran who were dressed in black. The entrance to the Umayyad Mosque is the gate of Bab al-Amara, left to take a foul garment because it can not be in the short pants and sleeves. In a small archaeological garden where there are pillars of a temple dedicated to Jupiter in Roman times, is the mausoleum of Saladin.
 The famous warrior (Salah ad-Din) against the Crusaders died in Damascus 1193rd in the original mausoleum was erected in this place the same year. Was restored during a visit to the German Emperor Kaiser Wilhelm II 1898th year. For such a great hero, the mausoleum is quite modest. Inside there are two sarcophagi. Right from the walnut and featuring Saladin body and the left, a marble, a gift Kaiser. Although it is forbidden to photograph that did not prevent him uslikam. Less than 100 yards from the mosque there are two old madrassas (Islamic schools) in the 13th Ages: Al-Al-Adelija and Zechariah. The main street in old town, which divides it into two parts is called. The rights of street or Sharia Bab Sharqi. Maybe once upon a time was right but now it is not. While Rome was the main streets of Damascus and was 4 times wider than it is today, with long rows of pillars on both sides. Menu was a major landmark for walking the old city.
 The old town has many narrow streets, and can pose a real maze, so it is easy to lose. But once you leave the Sharia Bab Sharqi, then it is easy. On both sides of the street are many shops, mostly textiles and apparel, there&#39;s a few old Kanova (accommodation). Here in the old Jewish part of town I found a nice cafe, actually took me a ten-year-old boy, it&#39;s pretty zavučen in narrow streets. The owner and his workers are just a special meal, as they are somewhat refurbished. It&#39;s Art Cafe, just a little artistic atmosphere, but most importantly have no problem with beer by the way I tired of walking immediately went on a cold hajneken. And after him and the Lebanese beer Sheriff. The owner and staff are very nice, asked me for some advice about color chair that you are ok and how to arrange the chairs around tables. On the way back to the hotel I ate one švarmu on the street and then returned to the hotel and showered and rested a bit.
 I like Damascus. When I think of what kind of holes that Aman. Owner Art Cafe says rightly, that Aman is one big village, maybe this is their some kind of intolerance I do not know but it is, I agree. The evening went out and walked around the city. It is very lively and a lot of people on the streets. Much of the specialized coffee, fast food is everywhere. The only problem is that there are no cafes in which I am accustomed to the house, so that drinking beer is no chance. In the end I sat in a coffee shop and drank Turkish coffee. I ask the waiter if he knew of a place where there&#39;s beer, but he had no idea. Yeah, everything I ask. But a solution exists and is called, of course, Bab hinges. I am taking a taxi and go there, the Christian part of the old city. Next to the gate I find a restaurant where strangers sit mostly, I see full mugs of draft beer on the table and my happiness has no end. I sit down and orders a beer but damn Jew tells me that I can sit here if I will not eat anything, so I moved and separated from the rest and gives me a small Table and a small chair like a poor man, no matter whether we come to him all that upset, jeb &#39; Hitler on it.
 I quickly drank his own and went even faster, this gay rude will not see me anymore. Following the street of Bab Sharqi I easily found the way to the hotel. Thank God one, is usually always lose in Damascus, and call a taxi that saves me.
 