Vrhbosna Archbishop Cardinal Vinko Puljic, together with other cardinals taking part today, 19 November at the working meeting with Pope Benedict XVI, Cardinal Puljic will participate, 20 November and the Consistory during which the Pope Benedict XVI Cardinal Choir introduce another 24 cardinals, of whom 20 of them with the right to choose the pope. The new cardinals come from four continents: 15 were from Europe, four from Africa, four from America, and one from Asia. After the consistory, Cardinal choir will make 203 cardinals, of whom 121 with the right choice. Puljic stressed that their participation in the Consistory would like to express communion with the new cardinals, in a special way with those who are connected with Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Catholic Church in it as nadprezbiter Papal Basilica of St. Paul outside the walls of the Archbishop, Msgr. Monterisi Francesco (Francesco Monterizi), which is difficult war and postwar times was the first apostolic nuncio in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the office he held during the Pastoral Visit of Pope John Paul II.
 Sarajevo and Bosnia and Herzegovina, 12 and 13 April 1997. Puljic said that it will take this opportunity to meet with head of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints Angelo Amato (angel Amato), who will also 20th November will be inducted into the Cardinal Choir. With it plans to discuss the three processes of beatification, which leads to a Vrhbosanska archdiocese are: s. July and susestre known as the martyr of the Drina, the Servant of God Joseph Stadler, first Vrhbosna and founder of the Sisters Servants of the Infant Jesus, the Servant of God Peter Barbaric Jesuit seminarian who died in the 23rd year of life as a disciple of the Archbishop&#39;s gymnasium in Travnik, and whose body was stored in sjemenišnoj St. Aloysius in Travnik. On 26 November will fill the 16 years since Puljic inducted into the Corps of Cardinal, 26 November 1994. in St. Peter in the Vatican as the youngest cardinal in the world.
 The news of the appointment of the 30th October 1994. He has just passed the then Nuncio Monterisi. Posted by: www.ktabkbih.net
 