After the addition of Greece in all major financial problems are Spain, Portugal, Italy and Ireland are growing fears that the euro could soon find a very serious trial. Experts on monetary issues, however, calmed the citizens stating that the danger is not great. The likelihood that all members of the eurozone suddenly find himself in a difficult financial situation, not great, experts say. In addition, the most important and key members of the eurozone, such as Germany or France, not under pristiskom. The consequences of the crisis does not refer so much to Germany or Austria, and the decline of the euro leads to a situation such as German export products abroad are becoming cheaper. The decline of the euro is possible only speculation Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: How the euro will lose value against the dollar? How the euro will lose value, it can only speculate, but experts believe that the euro should not fall below the value of $ 1.30.
 By the middle of this year, consider that the value of the euro could stabilize at $ 1.45. Long-term monetary experts estimate that the dollar will gradually weaken, especially when it&#39;s done Greek cross. It must be remembered that the United States struggles with a large deficit and the dollar is currently indirectly profited from the crisis euros. Greece has in the past falsified balance sheets, but then it did not lead to a reaction in financial markets. Today the situation is different: the rating agencies were massively reduced the credit rating of Greece. Time to Greece was at the worst place along with the Czech Republic, Poland and Estonia. This of course means that Greece must pay higher interest on debts, which further complicates the already unenviable situation of this country in southeastern Europe. The danger remains Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The situation in Greece personally assured by Greek Prime Minister Papandreou&#39;s chief of German diplomacy Westerwelle If Greece fails to timely implement its reforms would then be on the agenda and found the stability of the euro, and in fact it is the most colors and some financial experts.
 Now should be closely monitored to Greece and other affected country rehabilitated its finances. The danger remains, despite the current cessation of advertising signs for alarm. Finally sručnjaci Monetary Affairs point out that the crisis showed that the euro can become a leading currencies as the euro has been exposed to many unpredictable influences. Therefore, the world&#39;s leading currencies despite all the difficulties and remain - the U.S. dollar. Author: Alen Chemistry of Re Brussels. Editor: Maria Ljubicic
 