Detection and publish the real truth behind some of the most exposed unprecedented event in recent years the task of Project Censored a non-profit organization whose motto is symbolic, but effective: &#39;The news did not become news. &quot; PC is an association that operates within the University Foundation of Sonoma in the United States, is engaged in media criticism and investigative journalism with the aim to elucidate the events that shook the world and have global consequences. Hides you profit after artificially induced panic due to H1N1 swine influenza mysterious circumstances 11 attacks September and links in the flows of money between the U.S. and the Taliban are just some of the issues that journalists are Project Censored&#39;s explored in the past year. We carry top ten themes from 2010.: 1) Global plans to replace the dollar nations of the world have reached their limits in tolerating the war the U.S. military ventures, and the Government of the signatory countries the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO), headed by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Chinese leader Hu Jintao in June 2009.
 in the Russian city of Yekaterinburg initiated talks about replacing the dollar as the currency in which to preserve the world&#39;s reserve money. U.S. Government is prohibited from participating. Outside observers of the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and WTO are perceived as surrogates of the U.S. financial policies supported by the world&#39;s superpower military bases around the world. - The architects of the global currency exchange recognize that the dollar break and crack down on U.S. military dominance. Consumption of the U.S. military can not take place without the heavy round of borrowing. The official U.S. defense budget for 2008. amounted to 623 billion U.S. dollars. The closest the next military budget was the Chinese with 65 billion dollars, according to the CIA - he is the author of &#39;The American Empire IS Bancrupt&#39; Chris Hedges. In September 2009. in Belgium the delegation of the G8 countries presented new currency with the motto &#39;Unity in diversity&#39; that would replace the dollar.
 More on the topic 2) U.S. Department of Defense is the biggest polluter of the environment on the planet While there are a variety of evidence about the role the U.S. military in environmental pollution, say the authors of topics, all of the order passed without investigation, without registering with the authorities. Minimal attention is paid to this issue at the last UN conference on climate change in Copenhagen. Mention the use of fossil fuels, mass production of greenhouse gases, and discharge of radioactive and chemical contaminants in water, air and soil. - By all measurements, the Pentagon is generally the largest institutional user of petroleum and energy. However, the Pentagon has taken a comprehensive example of all the international climate agreements - argues the author of &#39;Climate Havoc Add to War Crimes: The Pentagon&#39;s Role in Global Catastrophe&#39; Sara Flounders. - The war in Iraq was responsible for 141 million metric tons of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere since March 2003.
 until December 2007. - Says the director of Oil Change International, Steve Kretzmann. More on the topic 3) User Privacy on the Internet is threatened by Obama&#39;s administration continued the established practice of monitoring private electronic communication than their predecessors. In the spring of 2009. The U.S. Senate passed the Act of cyber security that gives the president power to &quot;declare a general threat, and on what basis should use private networks for whatever it deems necessary to reject the attack. In this case, the President may completely shut down the Internet in the United States. This &#39;security&#39; in paragraph law is only part of an extensive campaign to monitor Internet started by George W. Bush after the attacks of 11 September 2001. A year later founded the DARPA, the Office for information awareness to the role of controlling Internet traffic in the country which included &quot;deep packet inspection&quot; technology, whose task was to enter and review all e-mail traffic and detects key words like &#39;shell&#39; or &#39; rebellion &#39;.
 More on the topic 4) U.S. Immigration office holding the hostages across the country thousands of illegal immigrants was delayed more than 300 secret camps across the United States only for suspected involvement in criminal acts. - If you do not have enough evidence to charge someone for a crime, and I think that ilegalac, we can do to disappear - &#39;ice&#39; are the words of the chief executive office of Immigration (ICE) James Pendergrapha imposed on a police conference in August 2008. The 186 unmarked and unregistered branch offices that are not under the direct control of the ICE&#39;s lack of basic hygiene, such as showers, beds, soap, drinking water, a toothbrush, and access to legal assistance. At these offices, no visible marks, such as American flags or signs that there are prisoners. More on the topic 5) The U.S. military and Blackwater mercenaries engage in a secret war in Pakistan, a secret U.S. military base in Karachi, which is the headquarters of the Joint Operations Command specijalih (JSOC), elite members of the controversial private security firm Blackwater clandestine program of hunting and killing leaders Al&#39;Quaide and the Taliban inside and outside Pakistan.
 Mercenaries also collected intelligence information in order to support the parallel covert action guided bombing rebel positions conducted by the U.S. military. - We have no mercenaries who perform such work for us. No power to hire the job. Point - the spokesman said chief JSOC and Admiral Michael Mullen. Blackwater founder Erik Prince said the opposite in an interview with Vanity Fair when he said that Blackwater cooperating with American Special Forces in identifying targets and planning missions. More on the topic 6) Restrictions on health care reform in the United States will cost thousands of lives a Harvard study predicts that 2266 veterans died in 2008. due to lack of health insurance, which is 14 times more deaths than have the U.S. military has experienced the same year by enemy fire in Afghanistan, or more than twice the casualties of the war in that country 2,001th
 According to the American Journal of Public Health, lack of health insurance increases the risk of death for individuals by 40 percent. For example, twin daughters Stacie Ritter are suffering at the age of four years from cancer. Therapy is required transplantation of stem cells in the process they are irreversibly damaged gland growth. By the end of life should receive hormone injections. Company Staceinog husband has provided its employees through a company CIGNI, and they have this family refused to fund injections that every time they cost $ 440. The family is due to the enormous costs of treatment bankrupt while CIGNI CEO Ed Hanway-e last year earned 12.2 million, or $ 5,883 per hour. More on the topic of 7) American Financing Taliban story goes roughly like this - in a continuous course of American taxpayers money paid by the state, which allocates funds to the not insignificant state budget for the war in Afghanistan.
 The Army, as a consumer of that money pays for the company for insurance, and they in turn pay the rebels to ensure the same security for which they themselves get the money. Meanwhile, Afghan company run by a former Taliban, like the nephew of President Hamid Karzai, to ensure the safe passage of American convoys through certain areas. In other words, the American people paid the rebels in Afghanistan to protect the American army is there to fight against those same insurgents. Among the soldiers are creating a gap of more frequent unconfirmed information indicating that American helicopters carrying Taliban fighters on the battlefields, and even though official channels strongly deny these allegations, in war-torn country to create doubt in the cooperation of the warring parties. More on the subject 8) panic over swine flu artificially &#39;inflated&#39; to enrich the pharmaceutical industry, the World Health Organization has expanded the global panic about the H1N1 virus on the basis of incomplete and suspect data, the authors write.
 Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Atlanta has created and used the data that has been greatly magnify the real need for an expensive vaccine aimed at profits of pharmaceutical companies, do not protect citizens. Obama administration asserted pandemic easier than Spanish flu in 1918, but severe swine flu in 1976. &#39;, And WHO has ordered the faster the better global manufacturing than 4.9 billion pieces of vaccines. After the declaration of Degree 6 (pandemic) in the United States began arresting all those who have refused to receive the vaccine. More on the topic of 9) The increase in tensions around the unresolved issues after the attacks of 11 September 2001. Almost ten years after the biggest single attack on American soil and tons of evidence and documents that tell the official version of the story, many questions of public interest and still hang in the air. How did building 7 fall?, Which caused the destruction of Gemini? Where is Osama Bin Laden? Some of these questions that have attempted to provide answers to many individuals from the academic and intellectual community, but their voice is ignored or silenced.
 Since the beginning of 2010. more than 1,200 engineers and architects, people who understand this sphere, requiring the reopening of the investigation surrounding the fall of Twins, as they believe the evidence been disclosed to the contradictory and full of holes, while new research reveals traces of controlled explosions at the base of Ground Zero, the American people deserve the facts documented explanation. More on the topic 10) War crimes Gen. Stanley McChristala Before it was Barack Obama put in place the supreme military commander in the war in Afghanistan, McChristal was the leader of the Navy Seals and Delta Force, supertajnih commando units that are impossible to perform tasks for their country. Šefovao is also above-mentioned JSOC at the time the younger Bush, a public secret that these joint task forces had death squads, which were by all conventions and laws infiltrated into the country, finding and killing people on the list for the liquidation of, and nestajele in the night.
 Without evidence and recognition of participation. Everything is of course opovrgavano and it was left behind. However, the strength of a decree from President Ford&#39;s 1970-by which the law prohibits such an endeavor. Are mentioned frequently and torture of prisoners in the &#39;missing&#39; camps run by members of JSOC&#39;s. One such camp that &#39;no&#39; is failing in Iraq, where, say the authors of the Geneva Convention and human rights have not heard, and the Red Cross, an international association that monitors and ensures the implementation of the Geneva Conventions do not know where the camp is located (ie not found) . All these camps commanded McChristal. More on the topic
 