Pope Benedict XVI made a departure from the absolute prohibition of the use of condoms. For many, this is sensational news. The country from which Pope Benedict encouraged the news quite calmly accepted. &quot;Condom use should be something that implies what is allowed to everyone,&quot; opinion is that it can be heard in Germany. Or the following: &quot;I never thought that the conservative Ratzinger ever and at least step down from his position. But perhaps this is a consequence of his own life experience. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Benedict XVI - Statement encountered great resonance in his life experience and certainly one of the visits to Africa in March 2009. year. Then Pope Benedict XVI sparked worldwide criticism after he said that the problem of AIDS can not be solved by dividing the condom. But now we hear a different tone that gets a great response. Ludwig Ring-Eifel, chief editor of the Catholic news agency, KNA, said: &quot;This is certainly a significant opening up.
 We know that the Catholic Church for centuries and if you think it is now, 20 years since there is AIDS, responds, then this is a significant change fast. &quot;Carefully placed statement talking about the change that the majority of Catholic laity in Germany welcomes. Hanneleore Bartscherer, laicističkog president of the association in Cologne. This positioning of the new papal see a sign of hope: &quot;The most important first step in this direction is, and he is correct and I now expect more surprises.&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: A condom with the image of the Pope - The head of the Roman Catholic Church has been criticized and In this way a good knowledge of the situation in the Vatican Ring-Eifel believes that the pope&#39;s statements in the direction of change in the position not the result of chance, but that they are placed very carefully and deliberately, in an interview. &quot;It can not suddenly be subject to an encyclical or a sermon, but it first said in an interview.&quot; Meanwhile, many Catholics in the internet forums the question of whether it will now sexual morality of their church as a whole to change.
 Therefore eagerly await the press release from the book &quot;Light of the World&quot; in which Pope Benedict XVI in an interview with German journalist Peter Seewald speaks openly about many issues, including on sexual morality. Author: Klaus Kraemer (Z. Ilic) Re. Editor: Jasmine Rose
 