JERUSALEM - The construction of settlements and streets in the Palestinian territory, the delimitation of the wall? Trial, confiscation of land wherever possible e -? Facts are that Israel wants to prove that their presence on Palestinian soil irreversibly. Two states for two peoples in the Middle East - that&#39;s the goal of the Oslo Agreement. He provided for and that the currently occupied by Israel territories ... ... West Bank and Gaza Strip, a Palestinian state to arise? EU peace that exists and endures by Israel. The chances will be to truly realize they are still declining. Because, even though Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu constantly repeated to the formation of the two countries was the best solution, both in the occupied territories creates a situation that makes it impossible to them, says political scientist Helga Baumgarten. &quot;The specific policy on the spot looks like this: on the one hand the building of settlements - there is nowhere to stop the construction - on the other side of the building and the street, and the construction of the street is in fact the central story of a.
 Construction of streets in a certain way in cementing the presence of Israeli settlements in the West Bank. &quot;Israeli road network in the West Bank, which connects the settlements in those areas with unutrašnjoš? In the state, is reserved exclusively for their residents. Palestinians was not used. Helga Baumgarten knows about? Emu says. This German to learn basket and expertise experts for Hamas currently teaches at Birzeit University in Ramallah-and lives in the same? Nom Jerusalem. So from you? Term experience knows the Israeli policy of settlement and expansion. Withdrawal? Of Palestinians as the ultimate goal of &quot;What is there to attempt bringing? Of Jerusalem under full Israeli control and occupation as much as possible is the territory of the West Bank. Because, subconsciously starts from the premise that will one days Palestinians say that under these conditions can not and do not want that to continue to live and that will be easy to draw? And give up everything. &quot;Ve? Today in the occupied territories lived about 500,000 Jews.
 Its cities, villages, farms and? Fourth averages West Bank and thus restrict formation alas comprehensive and sustainable Palestinian state with its capital as breaking Jerusalem. Solution with two equal states, which continues to support numerous Greman politicians, so makes a less realistic and feasible option. This is confirmed by the site and the Israeli historian? Ark Tamar Amar-Dahl. &quot;We had to evacuate the territory, which Israel could not be conducted, and to assume that politicians ki to Israel and does not want. So Peres, Barak and Netanyahu, it is quite clear, will not withdraw from the West Bank. &quot;Amar-Dahl, who teaches? Famously Humboldt-University in Berlin, has recently prepared a biography of Israeli President Shimon Peres. This 87-year-old is considered one of the architects of the Oslo Agreement. For this he was even awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. But he rejects the two state solution, claims Amar-Dahl.
 &quot;The decision of forming the two countries for many years considered not against them? Ego to fight. Actually he was afraid that will occur in the Occupied Palestinian state area areas, and therefore tried to develop other concepts. &quot;Binacionalna States as an alternative? However, these other concepts do not provide an answer to the question of what will happen with the Palestinians, where and how they exercise their rights. Would you possibly binacionalna state in which both peoples can live together was equal solution? Amar-Dahl decided no nod of disapproval. This concept already exists? of the thirties, he says. But no it seems that this could be implemented, since it is contrary to the concepts of the Jewish and democratic state what most Israelis wants, says Deutsche Welle. &quot;The problem is that the binacionalna state was exactly what he does not want to have. It is a concept completely opposed to the Zionists? Who represent one country only for Jews. &quot;In binacionalnoj state for Jews rapidly became a minority, and says Helga Baumgarten.
 For most It is now clear that will at least for ten years in the Palestinian area of the between the Mediterranean Sea and Jordan do most of. Therefore, the existence of two states was the only guarantee for the survival of the Jewish state in the Middle East. &quot;In the long run these are just options. Or the building of settlements and the occupation or a state where will the Jews, sooner or later, become a minority. &quot;In the Palestinian public about a proposed state gets more and more supporters. After 43 years of occupation of most of them simply do not see another possibility for the exercise of their rights. (Vijesti.ba)
 