The political storm for the Nobel Peace Prize to Chinese dissident has led to Liu Xiaobo, which serves an 11-year prison sentence mitigated regime. Hong Kong South China Morning Post quoted a statement of his wife, Liu Xia is with the famous Tiananmen Square protester began getting special cooked meals. House arrest for wife reasons for the special treatment it was before, it reads from an interview which was given to Liu Xia Spiegel. - He is in good psychological condition, but suffers from a stomach ulcer, and probably hepatitis C - said. DPA stated that it was Friday under house arrest, and after he received a call from Oslo to personally take the prize for her husband. Police officers who provide for their family home yesterday refused to allow a Norwegian diplomat to visit, but Liu Xia Monday managed to visit her husband. The meeting was described by human rights organization Freedom Now, stating that Liu Xiaobo tears Having found out that was awarded for the engagement around Tiananmen Square.
 - Xiaobo friends are convinced that the prize is an opportunity to change the whole of China - Liu Xia said. It was Spiegel said, and he hoped that conditions will be robijanja her husband is now improved. The fact that her husband is serving in a distant province of Liaoning has explained &quot;the desire of government to torture people,&quot; but he added that the policemen who accompanied the last time were very friendly. Parole because of health? For the husband is told that a cell of 30 square feet shared with five men convicted for the crime and that a lot of reading. Work does not have, and apparently there is a possibility of it being conditional release for health reasons. Newspapers and politics are banned, but since it is not required exercise &quot;self-criticism&quot; or follow the political classes. - They know that with him would not succeed - she said. AP reported today that a group of prominent members of the Communist Party of China, on the occasion of the arrest of a journalist, called for full freedom of speech in China, condemning the present practice as unconstitutional and undemocratic.
 