Bill and Hillary Clinton, America&#39;s most powerful couple after Obama, they decided, despite financial difficulties prior to Saturday&#39;s wedding of his only daughter to give about two million U.S. dollars. State of Siege At least say the American media, who have for months been busy figuring out all the details about the &quot;wedding of the decade&quot; in which the Chelsea Clinton (30) to marry her longtime boyfriend Marc Mezvinskog (32). Although it has not yet been officially confirmed, everyone already knows that the formal act take place at the luxurious estate of Astor Courts in Rhinebeck picturesque village on the banks of the Hudson River, located two hours drive from New York. Rental property stood around $ 200,000. Foreign journalists and secret agents, but the days besieged Rhinebeck, and local residents have been informed that on Saturday for a ceremony to be closed some roads. CBS says that caring for the catering exclusive Blue Ribbon Restaurants, and St.
 Regis and Olivier Cheng Catering and Events, and it is expected that it would cost about $ 750,000. Wedding organizer Claudia Hanlin told the ABC that all food, beverages, preparing and serving probably cost about $ 1500 per guest, and is expected to be about 500 invited guests. For floral arrangements will be spent around $ 250,000, 40,000 of music, 35,000 photos and 30,000 for the security guards. Emergency diet is also expected to be a happy bride to wear the famous wedding dress designers Oscar de la Renta, which will cost about $ 25,000. On the guest list are President Barack Obama, Barbra Streisand, Stephen Spielberg, Oprah Winfrey, former British Prime Minister John Major, media magnate Ted Turner and many other famous and rich. Clinton&#39;s close aide and former Vice President Al Gore will be at the wedding. He would not reveal why or has confirmed that it is not called as the media speculate.
 Happy parents also did not want to disclose any details about the wedding of his unit. Bill Clinton has just confessed that he lost weight in order to be elegant while the daughter led to the altar, and Hillary Clinton said &quot;how can bet&quot; that will surely be a proud father cry.
 