Speech by Ambassador James B. Foleyja &quot;Improving the investment climate,&quot; School of Economics and Management 18th May 2010. Thank you for the warm welcome, Dr. Njavro. I&#39;m really pleased to be present at the Zagreb School of Economics and Management. Especially glad to present the students of this esteemed institution. You are the future of their country and you&#39;ll be the next generation of economic and business leaders. But in these difficult times you have reason to ask is what kind of future awaits you this - if you wait for a prosperous and difficult times? Will it be time opportunities or troubled dreams? It&#39;s not a question that I can answer, but you can tell that response depends on the decisions that will bring the Croatian political elite in this crucial moment. I&#39;m actually pretty optimistic about the future of Croatian. This is a country with endless potential and I think that there was a moment of historic decision of the Prime Minister Kosor on the implementation of the economic recovery and development that could, if implemented by the end, perform Croatia on track for sustainable economic growth.
 The aim of my speech today is to explain why they are so important and necessary measures of economic reforms on which the Prime Minister informed the public. It would be a bit to say that Europe is still alive in challenging times when it comes to the economy. The crisis that began in late 2008 Mr collapsed the financial system of Iceland to Latvia&#39;s economy and endanger many other countries. A recent crisis in Greece was dangerously threatened the stability of euro najopipljivijeg symbol of European economic integration. Even the very nature of the cause of economic problems in Europe continuous eruption. Croatia has so far managed to avoid the worst effects of these crises, but it would be wrong to think that the current economic recession in Croatia, similar to those eruptions, ie, that recession is inevitable, force majeure, without long-term consequences. Actually it is true, as the Prime Minister herself said that the financial crisis has revealed serious structural problems in the Croatian economy, which have long been present.
 Let me be clear - Croatia is not Greece, no two the same country, Croatia has a significant advantage. But in a deeper sense we are all Greece, almost all western economies are living beyond their means borrowing from the future to fund the illusion of prosperity today. Everywhere in the West, including the United States, came as reducing bills. Governments have no choice but to reduce the size of the administration, to reduce spending and live within their means. Gone are the days of borrowing to fund the poor economic policies and practices. We have entered a period that will be a lot of challenges for politicians and citizens. Actually there is no other choice: either to apply health measures or the economy to sink. Due to excessive external debt and a chronic fiscal deficit or Croatia is not an exception to the inexorable reality. In Croatia, for the past seven years the external debt has almost doubled the amount approaching one hundred per cent of GDP.
 This statistic reflects the fundamental structural flaws, among which are too large state role in economy, inflexible labor market and a small share of production in the economy, big tax burden, sluggish bureaucracy and a bad business climate. According to a famous study conducted by the World Bank, Croatia on one hundred and first place in terms of ease of starting new businesses. However, in each there is bad news and good, but as you say the Chinese, the crisis means to create new opportunities. Thanks to the crisis now clear to us that the Croatian economy was on an unsustainable path. The fact that no more money to maintain a policy of false means that Croatia now has the ability to go right through the construction of the foundation of real economic growth, the opening of real jobs and achieve real prosperity. In America we have a saying: if you&#39;re in a hole and want out, stop digging. In fact, you must first admit that you are in a hole.
 A Kosor exactly what she did. Recognized the problem and, through its program for economic recovery and development has found a way out of the hole. A difficult part - the application of a series of measures that will be painful in the short term - just arrived. However, Croatia has stopped digging. Joining the European Union will not itself draw Croatia out of the hole. Of course, I do not want to diminish the importance of membership in the European Union. The day when Croatia enters the European Union will represent a huge achievement for the country. In the long run, membership in this exclusive club will be of great importance for the economy and citizens. However, membership will not by itself make Croatia more competitive or more prosperous. Croatia&#39;s economic future may provide just the implementation of the proposed economic reforms in preparation for the new challenges that will arise from the entry into the European Union. Only by becoming a country where it is easy to start a business and do business, invest money and earn money, Croatia will begin to systematically produce goods and services that can compete in the global market.
 Indeed, the central economic lesson of this crisis is that in our interconnected world capital of moving very quickly and will go where conditions are favorable. Admit it or not, Croatia is constantly competing with its neighbors in attracting new businesses and investments. If based company wants to open a new factory, to introduce a new product, open a regional headquarters, where they will go? Will you come here? Or will go to Hungary, Serbia or Slovakia? In fact, Croatia is in attracting capital to compete with every country in the world. Will the investment come here or will go to Latin America or Asia, a region where labor costs and operating costs are much lower? Unfortunately, this is a race in which Croatia does not win. Last year, foreign direct investment in Croatia fell below three billion U.S. dollars, much lower than 5% of GDP. Extremely low levels of greenfield foreign direct investment is irrefutable evidence that investors choose other countries.
 The same can be said for the Croatian company. Currently, few realized the new investments that create new jobs and opportunities. The question is why. This brings us to the main issues of today which reads: &quot;What should I do to be in Croatia During a business and investment climate?&quot;. United States wants to be a strong trade partner to Croatia and I would personally like to see significant new American investments in this country. But in the current environment, it is extremely difficult to &quot;sell&quot; Croatia as an attractive place for investment. Projects waiting too long for administrative permits, and many of them do not thrive without a &quot;political&quot; intervention. The procedure of registration of property and obtaining property sheets is a complex and uncertain, and often takes years. Parafiscal benefits are high and unpredictable, and impossible to realize the company&#39;s new investments or hire new workers. Latest report showed that there are currently more than 250 non-tax benefits.
 Tendering procedures are not transparent as they should be. Each of these problems has real consequences and real effects on the life of the Croats and the economic development of this country. I want to give some examples related to the experience of some U.S. companies in terms of investment or attempting to invest in this market. I cite these examples because I am well acquainted with them, not that I lobbied for them. So I will not mention names. Of course, it is my duty as U.S. ambassador to helping U.S. companies. But let me put the emphasis on the health of the Croatian economy. Your success is important for what the United States wants to achieve in this region. The examples are interesting because they illustrate the most important issues. Five years ago, an American company with considerable experience in the tourism industry came to Croatia to be invested several hundred million dollars in building a new hotel.
 The hotel is supposed to be located on the beautiful but undeveloped site that is exposed while the war actions. Five years later, still nothing has been moved from the site. Although the land for a hotel owned by the state, the investor is not able to find someone in authority who would be willing to discuss awarding a concession. Nobody in government is not, nor rejected their offer. It seems that in this case the authorities are not ready to deal with these investors. It is commendable that the U.S. company is still working on the revival of this project. But obviously losing patience. The lesson in this case is that the potential investors to work in a reliable and efficient manner. Investment projects can not wait years for an answer. Capital will move to other countries. Another U.S. company told us that the production of their main products in Croatia costs 40% more than in any other country in Central and Eastern Europe.
 The reason for this are complex regulations and above all, many complex and unpredictable non-tax charges which are collected from the monuments protection and management of forests, to charge for waste water regardless of the quality and quantity of water supplied. Of course, a strong regulatory framework and a reasonable collection fees are completely legitimate. But the lesson of this story is that investors, whether foreign or Croatian, not systematically exhausted. If Croatia wants to attract new investments, many of the expensive fees or be rationalized or eliminated. In the following case of a U.S. investment company with equity worth hundreds of millions of dollars noticed a number of opportunities for investing in small companies that were privatized by the Croatian Privatization Fund. The company has submitted initial offers for the purchase of a small company that has been offered for sale by public tender. They were the only applicants offer.
 In Croatia, they came with energy, optimism and detailed plans for the stabilization and expansion of the company that has been offered for sale. In the case of a successful purchase the company was ready to continue its cycle of investment in Croatia. However, the company and the Privatisation Fund failed to agree a contract. Regardless of how the company has remained optimistic and planned to participate in the new competition, as well as other businesses. Unfortunately, the Privatisation Fund informed them that he would keep 150,000 euro deposit. Although this may seem contrary to the rules of competition and in spite of all efforts aimed at reconciliation of the company, not even likely to continue to lose significant investments have not helped to convince the authorities to return the deposit. Finally, the government may keep 150,000 euro deposit, but will lose tens of millions of potential new investments. The lesson in this case that the state should be one that will enable, not disable foreign investment.
 Lack of transparency in the tendering process is clearly demonstrated in an accident. The American company has given the best deal for a tender. But their bid was disqualified because of technical detail in the documentation that did not concern any of their financial proposals nor their ability to perform the job. The contract was won by another company. Investors must be assured that the rules be clear and that bids will be rejected arbitrarily. Croatia can not afford the image of the country in which non-transparency of government procurement, particularly given that the state still owns hundreds of companies and shares in companies that intend to sell. These stories are sadly only the tip of the iceberg. These are in fact those stories that I really familiar. But in talks with Croatian business people, I gained the impression that there are many, many more. What all these stories is a common difficulty in obtaining permits, authorizations and licenses in an efficient and timely manner.
 What is most striking is the complexity of the bureaucratic state, not to say confusion. In any project there are many decision-makers at several levels - local authorities, central government and state agencies - which may say no or simply do not make a decision. When powers are everywhere, usually the responsibility of nowhere. In other words, no one is responsible. Here is actually talking about leadership. Even faced with such obstacles, in various parts of the Croatian leaders are people who are able to do this step. A month ago I had the opportunity to visit the town of Varazdin. The city and region are many things the right way. They have introduced policies and programs that have created a friendly environment for entrepreneurship and investment. The results are visible. Varaždin and regions have one of the lowest unemployment rate in the country, about six percent, which is half the national average. They created a profitable business area, and there is also the seat Vindija, one of the most successful food-processing companies in the country.
 However, local leaders with whom I spoke are concerned about the EU and the increased competition brought by the membership. They have reason for concern. Croatia must do more to prepare their companies to the new reality. Another great community that is working on building a strong economy is the small town of Sinj. As you know, Sinj is situated near Split, and always acted in its economic shadow. Two weeks ago I had the opportunity to meet with the mayor of the town Sinj. This dynamic young man sees the vicinity of Split as a significant advantage in promoting economic development community. He found 11 investors who have chosen his city for its facilities and creating jobs for the community. He also found strategic investors to restart the textile factory that was on the verge of bankruptcy, and has reported four new projects in order to use pre-accession EU funds.
 Mayor Sinja set ambitious goals of their local government, promising a balanced budget and setting a deadline of seven days to respond to all inquiries of the citizens. And most importantly, the mayor has demonstrated that politics will not stand in the way of building the economic future of Sinj. He is a member of any political party and testified that the health of the economy can overcome political differences. I&#39;m sure there are many others, who are members of političklih parties and who are willing to cooperate with colleagues from other parties on issues of economic development as a common interest. Just as Sinj and Varanasi, and communities need to build the image areas that are equitable, transparent and open to new ideas. Istria is also an area that deserves recognition. Although I have not had a chance to visit Istria, I know that the Istrian Development Agency has been successful in finding funding, developing a business infrastructure, providing training, education and consulting services to entrepreneurs on how to start a business.
 The agency has also established strong ties with other countries in the region and has an impressive list of projects - completed and those that are still pending - and which have contributed to the economic development of the detachment of Istria. The most significant example of leadership in this area is the Prime Minister Mrs. Kosor person whose economic reform program is a framework for the necessary policy changes at the national level. It is clearly understood that you can not allow Croatia to sit and wait the end of the economic crisis. I was very pleased to see that her plan covers many structural problems plaguing the country for years, including some that I have already mentioned. She intends to completely change the nature and role of government in the economy. Some of the ideas that we sound very encouraging to the sale of government minority stakes in private companies, reform of the supervisory board in order to reduce political influence on their work, as well as the territorial reorganization of the country with the aim of simplifying the decision-making.
 We agree with Kosor that the state must create a government that will be long-term fiscal stability. We welcome its plans to reform the tax system and to carefully examine all parafiscal benefits to many of them, hopefully, be abolished. She has expressed a strong willingness to resolve the issue of reform of the pension and health care. Her goal is to reduce the state share in GDP from 50% to 47% in the next ten years. I am convinced that it is possible to achieve this goal within a shorter period, which would open the space more ambitious reduction of state administration. Similarly, ambitious privatization program would have multiple effects - would reduce costs for the country, increased investment opportunities and help achieve the objectives of the fight against corruption. Overall speaking, the more space will be open for investments of young entrepreneurs by reducing spending and borrowing by the government. And as we all know, new investment will open new jobs.
 The recently published report states that in Croatia, every pensioner comes only 1.2 employees. This information is indeed alarming and unsustainable. Croatia is struggling with the fact that she, like many other countries, the population ages. Her urgent need of new legislation which will make employment more accessible and attractive. Finally, as I already mentioned, the Prime Minister&#39;s plan for the identification of obstacles to cure and investment will help this country to become competitive and successful part of the European Union. We are ready to support the prime minister in all these efforts, particularly in a difficult phase of implementation. These reforms will not be easy. They will require patience and in many cases the actual victims. In order to successfully transform the economy, Prime Minister, you will not only support for his government and party, but also the support of the nation and all political parties. I am encouraged by the President offered his support.
 However, no one expects that all members agree on all parts of the plan. The issue of such importance as the future of Croatian and its economic viability requires the participation of all. Nobody holds a monopoly on good ideas and I&#39;m sure the opposition has a lot of good suggestions. I believe that both the government and the opposition is aware that work to achieve the same goal: more modern and efficient economy and administration that Croatia could take its place competitive and prosperous members of the European Union. Let me remind you that in these difficult times, making the painful decision to secure a better future are not alone. The United States also created an incredible budget deficits and public debt. We consider the introduction of cuts in spending and how close the deficit, what will the American people to look for victims. President Obama has appointed a bipartisan commission later this year will be to present a series of recommendations.
 It is clear that the forthcoming changes may not be the responsibility of one party only, because then it would be impossible to achieve. But they must be taken - not only because of our children, but also because the money is gone. Ultimately, it is a question that will be addressed in our countries and future generations. It&#39;s about you. It is about whether Croatia will have a free and dynamic economy that will create needed jobs and that will stimulate and reward your skills and entrepreneurial skills. The fact is that we should create a future where you and your country will be able to realize their full potential. And the potential may not be the slightest doubt. In the Croatian case he is huge. You have an incredibly beautiful country endowed with abundant natural resources, world-class infrastructure and an educated and talented workforce. You have the security that gives you membership in NATO, and soon you will enjoy the prestige and privileges of membership in the European Union.
 Your history shows that the Croats were great patriots, willing to sacrifice for the freedom of the country. The current challenge is to make Croatia a land of prosperity, and I&#39;m sure he&#39;ll do whatever it takes to succeed. Thanks much.
 