According to incomplete results of the first U.S. congressional elections and guvernerskih opposition Republicans won a landslide majority in the elections for the House of Representatives of the Congress while the Democrats managed to retain a minimum majority in the Senate. The results suggest a strong shift to the right across the country, which has contributed to the success of 20-odd Republican candidates who support the conservative movement&#39;s Tea Party, writes HRT. To vote for all 435 seats in the House of Representatives Congressional Republicans have won 234 seats, Democrats 180, a score for the 21 place has not been decided, according to U.S. TV networks. In voting for 37 of the 100 seats in the Senate, Democrats have maintained a minimum of 51 most places, Republicans have won 47, and two sites have not yet been decided. Republicans needed to win 39 seats now held by Democrats to take control of the House of Representatives, and the results so far indicate that they won more than 50 seats.
 Many longtime Democratic lawmakers lost their seats in the House of Representatives, and dozens of elected Democrats in the House of 2008th together with the choice of president Barack Obama in the White House, were thrown out on a wave of voter discontent. Equally poor results were noted liberals, moderates and conservative Democrats. Obama, whose former took place in the Senate Republican Mark Kirk, he called Rep. John Boehner of Ohio, the likely new president of the House and congratulate him on the success of the Republican Party and hopes to find a common interest in the future of cohabitation. The White House has announced Obama&#39;s press conference. An analyst with the Institute for public opinion poll by the Pew Center Andrew Kohut said the decision played a crucial gap in the enthusiasm of voters, because, according to exit polls the Conservatives had a strong response, while the young voters, and Americans of African descent failed significantly when compared to 2008.
 when is their going to the polls was a key victory for Obama. For 62 percent of voters the economy is the most important election issue, far ahead of health care reform (19 percent), immigration (8 percent) and the war in Afghanistan (7 percent). Most voters, 88 percent, says the economic situation is not good or bad, and 86 percent said they were very worried or somewhat worried about the economy. Obama holding the presidential office approves 45 percent of voters, while 54 percent disapprove. The Congress approved only 25 percent while 73 percent of voters say they do not approve of the job Congress with a democratic majority.
 