INTELLIGENCE TEST 1 Warning: Not for the fearful and gullible Note 2: Please do not cheat-so you certainly Embed QUESTION A few months ago in Croatia, the registered unemployment was 240 000th (Raised to know this figure to be higher-will not now about it.) Each month since then, unemployment in Croatia grew. Does this then mean that unemployment will now be: 1st 10 000 2nd we know not what to ask me-am I not an economist? 3rd 200 000 4th will converge to zero fifth 300 000 Q B Since the beginning of the 90s, Croatia has a problem that nobody talks-best graduating students and young professionals to her going abroad. They went over the top and the generation of trend (approximately 1000 each month) continues. Croatia has only about 8 percent of people who are highly educated. Bill Gates said the foundation for the development of any economy and society, new ways of working and innovation, and that it comes from a professional.
 With this I agree, and economists. Specifically: Gates has learned this from economists and applied in practice. Smart and professional people through new ways of working and innovation-those everyday, to organizational and technological high-productivity increases of the nation. This then leads to increased national income, and thus, consequently, higher employment of all. Is the basis of development (ie PLURALITY national income), then: 1 Garage, and Bandic 2nd 200 euros per square meter to tycoons (something like Bill Gates) who could not sell the flats came to revenue, and Kosor third and Smart professional people QUESTION C FOLLOWING WHO REALLY SHOULD go: 1 st May 2nd from personnel from the bakery Mislav Ivan the third and fourth Science Zdenko-metal-turner fifth Sanja from Mario of Finance 6th 7th printing Tanja-prodavacica 8 . faith with Peter Economy 9th to 10th of Science
 HDZ (op.a-These are Kosor and its government) with the government correct answers are: Question: Under the fifth Question B: Under the third QUESTION C: Under the 10th Greetings from the author, by trade experts in transitional economies (among others)
 