Devotees of neo-Nazi AWB group protesting the death of &#39;leaders&#39;: Photo: ReutersEugene Terre&#39;Blanche, the leader of a movement that is fighting to establish their own state for the white minority in South Africa on Saturday (3.4.), Was found dead in his bed. Injuries to the face and head suggest that he was beaten, it was confirmed from the police. After news of the Head of the extreme right has spread the earth in which will soon host the best soccer team of the world, a senior member of Terreblancheove Organization said Sunday that criminal acts is a &quot;declaration of war&quot; by blacks in the country went white. The government has tried to &quot;appease the ball.&quot; According to the Minister of Police Nathija Mthetwaje motive for murder was not racial hatred - but apparently upset about unpaid wages. 69-year-old Terre&#39;Blanchea on his farm in Ventersdorpu (about 100 kilometers northwest of Johannesburg) killed his employees, two black person aged 28 and 15 years.
 The attack, among other things, use and machetes. They would be the competent court should appear, but on Tuesday 6 April. The reason trivial - the unforeseen consequences? No matter what the motive for the bloody act najvjeronatnije trivial, supporters killed in attacks blamed youth organization of the ruling African National Congress (ANC). The media claim that they are just leaders of the ANC and verbally &quot;motivate&quot; young men and thus directly contributed to the murder Terre&#39;Blanchea. It is recalled that the president Julius Malema youth organization in March 2010. at a student rally began to sing the banned song calling for the execution of members of the Boer community. Boers are descendants of the first Dutch settlers in South Africa. ANC, once established as a resistance movement against apartheid, that song is considered her a sort of &quot;anthem&quot; and sees it as an integral part of their history. Because it is a party and appealed to the injunction of the public using its text.
 The ruling party argues that while &quot;the text anyway ... should not be taken literally.&quot; Andre Visagie, head of the organization Terre&#39;Blancheove African Weerstandsbeweging (AWB, the African Resistance Movement), a famous farmer&#39;s murder as &quot;a declaration of war the black community,&quot; the white community. He announced a &quot;revenge&quot; - and called on all football teams they finished the World Cup that for security reasons, do not come to South Africa. Some hot-headed, but mention the outbreak of civil war. Hot-head before, FIFA silent Among the protesters was the boy, along with the flag of AWB, a stylish and ideology that strives for Nazism; Photo: ReutersSvjetske agency reported extensively about the murder of farmers. The media are trying to answer the question of how truly realistic outbreak of racial unrest in the south of the Black continent just before the big sports event organized by FIFA (world football federation).
 In such contexts reminiscent of the unstable security situation in the country which is at the very top of global rankings by the number of homicides (around 50 a day). But FIFA and football officials responsible for the time being kept silent and did not want to comment on the latest case. South African President and ANC chief Jacob Zuma has condemned the murder Terre&#39;Blanchea. South Africans must not allow that &quot;provocateurs exploit this situation to be ignited racial hatred&quot;, it warned. The opposition Democratic Union in turn has accused the ANC to &quot;irresponsible racist statements&quot; intensified tensions between blacks and of white population in the country. Terre&#39;Blancheov AWB was established in the 70-ies of the last century and the beginning of the fight against any concessions to the regime African-American population. Red-white symbol of the organization is reminiscent of the Nazi swastika. 1983rd The two members of the AWB and were sentenced to 15 years in prison for conspiracy against the government and planning attacks on black politicians.
 1997th Terre&#39;Blanche and found himself behind bars - for attempted murder of a black guard. After the release of 2004th announced yet resolute struggle against the government. Violence on farms &quot;normal&quot; Experts believe that the death of farmers will have greater effects on the security situation in the country hosted the World Cup. &quot;Terre&#39;Blanche has recently been isolated,&quot; says Lawrence Schlemmer of the deceased from the Institute of Race Relations, and adds: &quot;His death is primarily a personal tragedy!&quot; Violence on South African farms is nothing new. Most of the estate and 16 years after the official abolition of apartheid whites link. Between the 1997th and 2007., according to official statistics, in South Africa that killed more than 1,200 farmers and their employees.
 