By far the man has progressed from the time when he prayed for healing gods and sacrificed burnt in order to umilio heavenly powers. All of stronger antibiotics, artificial hearts, growing organs, DNA sequencing ... Modern medicine grabs big steps forward (unfortunately, the rate is monitored and some diseases). But as far as she was powerful and sovereign, its roots deeply entrenched and popular folk medicine, a variety of people in the world are reflected in the ways they cope with illness. Drago Plečko, the most famous Croatian alternatives, is very familiar with these &quot;wacky and crazy&quot; drugs, and with his help meet only some of them. Let&#39;s start from the farthest destination - Japan. In the land of the rising sun is a very popular cosmetic treatment fish &quot;Garage ruff&quot; that clean face, a Plečko confirmed that a similar method existed in Istria. Supposedly solves psoriasis. There have been some cases surprisingly good remission, but does not solve the root problem.
  Cow urine is also possible alternative interpretation, namely that some fish slime substance temporarily stimulate expansion of the alveoli in the lungs. Quite off-putting - at least for Westerners - an example of &quot;cooperation&quot; between man and animal is drinking cow&#39;s urine. So, ignore the orientation of the milk and other liquids. This is done in Cambodia, where they believe that cow urine cures many diseases. That&#39;s not all just &quot;hocus-pocus,&quot; testifies to the fact that he sold in India - bottled! - It is believed to cure almost everything, and is also popular method amaroli - drinking their own urine. The latter is especially popular long-lived Indian Prime Minister Amrit Desai. The fact is that it is believed that hormones, which are found in trace amounts in urine, stimulate the defense mechanisms, and Kobilji urine in Australia is used for the preparation of some pharmaceutical products. An ancient Chinese method, for which reach around the world, are the &quot;famous&quot; Chinese hot cups, which Plečko notes that the most important position them on the sore points of the body.
 - A similar procedure is used in some parts of the Croatian back in pretprošlom century. The Chinese version of the method is akin to moksha, the burning cone of plants in some acupuncture points on the body. It gives good results in some interference with the spine - hard - and it does not seem to mention that in zabitijim provinces, instead of glass, used horns. Nut in the eye a little closer, in Poland and Russia, is particularly popular with bee venom therapy, or punctures these precious insects. - It is recommended that the stitches placed in acupuncture points. How do bees would not sting lost or died, used special nets to pierce through the body. A bee and snake venom has many legends, some even claim to treat a serious disease like multiple sclerosis. There are anecdotal evidence that the method has value, but the systematic verification of the efficiency is never done. By far the strangest &quot;cure&quot; is the Chinese treatment of walnuts in the eye and dry moxa leaves in his ears.
 What nut, no one knows. &quot;A good joke,&quot; She&#39;ll say our experts, but the other part of the treatment, he said, though not so unfounded. Stimulation of dolphins - auricular acupuncture is based on the idea that the ear has the shape of the fetus, and each point on the ear, which corresponds to an internal organ is treated or needles or burning dried herbs. Sometimes the results are very good. The method is famous mostly because of points used to block the feeling of hunger, and the so-called point of valium can greatly assist in serving a crisis when removing from heroin and other drugs. In the end, not so much a traditional approach - the stimulation of dolphins. Specifically, in Lima, the Peruvian pregnant women come to treatment, because there is believed to stimulate the brain child dolphins in the belly of high frequency sounds. - This is a bold new age ideas and do not adhere to traditional teachings. It&#39;s hard to tell how much truth in the story of dolphins that are voting frequencies that supposedly communicate at 1000 kilometers, and some believe that it is similar to what we hear in the womb before they are born - said the most famous Croatian alternatives.
 vlado Ozretić Photo: Reuters, Getty bizarre Other methods - There are many bizarre methods that I met in the last 35 years. For example, a piece of wood holding up the water, which then lowers blood sugar. In the East, they even sell a glass timber in which it held water that was supposed to drink. Deliberately induced vomiting in ayurveda is used to treat epilepsy, and there is an entire school that cures all ills - laughter. In one Indian mine patients sat in an underground hall with crystals and claimed to have ozdravljivali a number of diseases, and there are records showing that a Bavarian brewer from the 19th century, a dozen women cured of breast cancer brewer&#39;s yeast. There&#39;s not much ... - Drago said shoulder (in the picture below).
 