Number 559 Tags: Israel, Release Date: 03.09.2010. By: Srecko Horvat About the time when, after several years (apparent) lull, the conflict broke out again between Israel and Lebanon, due to a tree on the border, I found myself on the way from Israel. The paradox is that you can spend several weeks in Israel and that if they do not visit the West Bank or Gaza, you probably will not feel that this country is in a permanent state of war. However, if you&#39;re in Israel, spent a nice holiday, convinced by their hospitality and the development of democracy, at the airport Ben Gurion in Tel Aviv and hardened supporters of Israel are likely to be convinced otherwise. Based on the American project of Homeland Security after September 11 September, the Israelis will get you through the myriad of controls that all together and know the last few hours, if you have a scheduled flight, come to the airport at least six hours earlier.
 Are you in Lebanon mingled with the locals? With the crowd protraćenog time, not missing any Kafkian moments that might elicit a smile on his face that situation is not so absurd and frustrating: the question of what to me is a strange bag, I reply: &quot;It is Nargilla,&quot; to which ispitivačica, dead serious, bizarre counter-strikes, in the best manner of U.S. intelligence: &quot;And how you know the word &#39;hookah&#39;?&quot; Although this question is irresistibly reminiscent of the one episode when the comedian Ali G the world&#39;s leading linguist Noam Chomsky asked: &quot;How many words do you know?&quot;, and this He is extremely serious, as if this is not a joke, he replied: &quot;Well, hear, as a rule, adults know the tens of thousands of words,&quot; Miss the Israeli security service was not joking. Instead, he continues in a similar vein questions like &quot;Are you in Lebanon mingled with the locals?&quot; And &quot;Did you maybe someone put a bomb in the bag?&quot; As Chomsky (which, incidentally, a few months ago banned from entering the Israel), not left you nothing but a serious answer to such bizarre questions.
 And just when you think that the end comes a new ispitivačica, with the same set of questions, and yet new and new, would not be able to detect inconsistencies in your answers. Then another two to three X-ray baggage control, and a detailed manual search and then you can check-in. Neither does not stop there ... After the weight check, just when you think you&#39;re free, there is a final verification of passports. The problem with waiting at the airport is not a problem spoiled Western tourists habituated to the convenience and speed of transfer from one flight to another. The problem is much deeper. Dugosatno hold with whom you are in Israel to meet sooner or later, is really just a metaphor for the ongoing &quot;stealing time&quot; faced by Palestinians (and then, consequently, all other potential enemies of the state of Israel). The Israeli journalist Amira Hass, who has been arrested several times just because it was in Gaza, says that Israel systematically carried out to &quot;slow down&quot;, while Italian research group Multiplicity of field research showed that Israeli driver needs 90 minutes to cross West Bank from north to south, and that for the same time the Palestinian driver needs about eight hours.
 What, then, of our waiting at the airport in comparison with that? Architecture as war by other means Israeli architect Eyal Weizman in his analysis of the occupation and architecture Ariel Sharon has been thoroughly investigated in any way the right planning and architecture in the service of war. For example, tunnels linking Jerusalem with the southern towns such as Hebron have a dual function: on the one hand, they serve as a bridge over the Palestinian fields, on the other hand, as a tunnel under a Palestinian suburb of Bethlehem. On the West coast of the bridges are no longer simply an architectural creations that serve overcoming natural obstacles and constraints and connecting previously unconnected dots, but before becoming the border. This entire region as a series of examples showing Weizman, can no longer be understood as two-dimensional surface of a single territory, but as a vast three-dimensional surface, where the West Bank can be physically divided into two different but intertwined national geography.
 The Palestinian territories have become the Israeli occupation 1967th was a kind of parallel conflicts that kept drawing the borders on paper, and then implement those plans into reality. Architecture and planning can thus be understood as a continuation of war by other means. Networked point or works, in contrast to the &quot;line of defense&quot;, they become flexible architecture. In 1982., Shortly before the attack on Lebanon, Sharon who was then defense minister, announced his &quot;big plan for Jewish settlements in the West Bank by 2010.&quot; (Later known as the &quot;Sharon Plan&quot;), which mapped out the location of more than 100 villages, situated at strategic locations and planned as a point of the new network. Defining its policy towards the West Bank, Sharon&#39;s Jewish settlers gave key advice: &quot;If you put a fence, restricting its expansion.&quot; And that&#39;s the point: if you build settlements and the complex network of tunnels and bridges, the expansion is virtually infinite.
 With regard to the &quot;architecture Ariel Sharon&quot; and systematically hindering Palestinian life, Eyal Weizman be ironic (and without irony), said: &quot;Because the contemporary discourse of architecture fetishizes concepts of flexibility and temporality, surprising that Sharon has not yet received the Pritzker Prize.&quot; One data says that in the Palestinian territories 1880th was even 24 000 300 000 Palestinians against the Jews, and that number is reversed just architecture and planning. Cécile Winter has suggested that we imagine the state of Israel, as developed in the second half of last century, but without reference to the history of Jewish suffering as justification for its existence and policies. The behavior of Israel would then be interpreted as a classic case of colonization. So if we leave aside the religion and the Holocaust, which given the context of course is not easy, we will come to the conclusion that Amos Oz argues that the battle between Israeli Jews and Palestinian Arabs is not really a religious war, though it fanatics on both sides are trying very diligently at the turn.
 &quot;Actually, this is nothing more than a territorial conflict over the painful question: Whose land? It is a conflict between the righteous and just, between two very powerful, very uvjerljivijih rights to the same small country. Not a religious war, not the culture war, not disagreements between the two traditions, but simply a disagreement over property - which is actually a house. &quot;Following those statements legendary Groucho Marx&quot; I do not want to belong to any club that would take me as your article! &quot; Amos Oz in the book &quot;How To Cure fanatics&quot; recalls an old story in which one of the characters, where else but in Jerusalem, sitting in a small street cafe, and an old man sitting across the street, and they begin to talk. It turns out that it was God, his head and beard. Type believes him immediately, but after certain signs and miracles to convince to sit at the table as opposed to God. I have one question for him: &quot;Dear God, tell me, please, now and forever, whose faith is right? Roman Catholic, Protestant, Jewish, or maybe even a Muslim - who have true faith? &quot;And God answers:&quot; My son, my right to tell you that I am not religious, I never was, in fact, religion does not interest me at all. &quot;This story points to the absurdities every religious &quot;club&quot; that God wants to take away and sit him on the exclusive and absolute right.
 However, there is a problem. Although Ozova story instructive, it is impossible not perceive Israel to justify its claim that it is a conflict between the righteous and just. Of course, Israel and Palestine are entitled to the same country, but what such a compromise lose sight of just war which is ongoing - and often &quot;peaceful&quot; means (such as architecture and urban planning) - Israel carried out for decades. To say that this is a conflict between the righteous and just, inadvertently (as Oz does have good intentions) as well as to delete the harsh reality of Palestinian suffering: it turns out that the fault only to Hamas, which holds up a violent struggle and not give up the Gaza Strip and that the solution only discernible change in Hamas. The failure to acknowledge guilt for the flotilla, however, the problem is much deeper. When I was in Tel Aviv, discussing the differences and the conflict between Fatah and Hamas, spoke with Uri Avneryjem, one of Israel&#39;s greatest fighters for peace and a two-state solution, he said he does not like Hamas for what they presented, and it is the Islamic fundamentalism.
 Nevertheless, the question of whether Hamas or Fatah chose the Palestinian, Avnery says that probably gave his vote because Hamas is the only real resistance to Israel. If the majority Palestinian population, and voted for Hamas, says Avnery, then it is not because of their ideology, but because Hamas is more effective than Fatah fighting against Israel. Unfortunately, a compromise solution advocated by Oz, which means that Israel on the one hand and Hamas on the other give up some of the requirements and agree to concessions, it is not possible so long as Israel continues its offensive. Just as an example take the recent testimony of the national leadership of Israel before the Israeli commission investigating the incident with a flotilla of humanitarian aid to Gaza. Instead of recognition errors, Ehud Barak, Benjamin Netanyahu and Gabi Ashkenazi in the same voice claimed to have made the right decision. Reportedly complained of lost lives, but their decisions are not questioned (Uri Avnery them nicely later retorted: &quot;One has to admit responsibility, and the other is to admit guilt&quot;).
 Moreover, they threatened not to participate in the UN investigation into the incident is whether it involved the examination of Israeli soldiers (which full investigation was dropped into the water, because what sense does it have if it does not include soldiers). Again we witness a slowdown, now at the international level. A small step from an ordinary hair-splitting due to the lack of recognition hookah guilt because of the flotilla. In the first case, this &quot;stealing time&quot; can be recovered and forgotten as soon as the man finally goes uphill all the controls and one lands on their own soil. In another case, no longer a question of time when the Palestinians finally get legal and moral satisfaction, but the question of who will, once that happens, go back all that stolen time? As architecture has become war by other means, so the temporal war became the modus operandi of Israel, whether it is a hookah and crossing the border, whether it is a plea for the flotilla.
 