. With the 17th anniversary of the founding of the HDZ in Imotskom HDZ president, Prime Minister Ivo Sanader said at a rally in Imotskom the occasion of the 17th anniversary of the founding of the HDZ in the area, has already announced that it will begin construction this year dugooèekivanog tunnel Sv. Elijah through the mountain. &quot;As party president and prime minister as I have instructed the Minister Kalmeta and prefect Ante Sanader to resolve problems as soon as possible about the concession for the construction of the tunnel,&quot; he said, saying it gives the word that construction will begin already this year, which is crowded cinema hall Imotski doèekano thunderous applause. In particular, it welcomed leaders bosanskohercegovaèkoga HDZ-a 1990. Bozo Ljubiæa and Martin Raguz, who were at the rally, urging them to unite once more with the HDZ BiH, Dragan Covic. &quot;I call them and I hope you will have so much power that, in serious times in which to address the issue of Croats in BiH, to unite. Bozo is on it, as I said, ready, and I hope it will and Dragan Covic, to accept that will unite and defend a common equality, sovereignty and constitutionality of the Croatian people in BiH &quot;, poruèio said.
 Speaking about the international position of Croatian Prime Minister also recalled his recent visit to Pope Benedict XVI, who poruèio, and John Paul II. That like Croatia and cares about her and giving her full support on its path towards full membership in the European Union. He urged all political parties in Croatia to turn from their mutual accusations false, collecting cheap political points and not to put their own particular interests before the interests of Croatian. The Prime Minister poruèio to government grappled with bribery and corruption that the administration was that the citizens, and not those of the administration. He replied to the attacks which &quot;suggests that he or the party leadership and the state involved in some processes, and poruèio that no one will decapitate them in the fight against organized crime. He stressed the important role of Imotski veterans in creating and defending the homeland, of whom 130 died and more than 400 are disabled.
 He said he must not allow the region&#39;s economy collapses, and announced that he will, in collaboration with leaders Imotskog and surrounding municipalities, which are still met, agreed to solve the problems the economy began to develop. HDZ-led government, he recalled, it has many laws to improve the demographic situation. He announced the iduæe school year and compulsory secondary education so that we can compete with developed countries in the EU. The Government returns and debt to pensioners, because respecting the decision of the Constitutional Court, said the prime minister and announced that it will the third and fourth war back already this year. The debt will be recovered and recipients of family pension and limited, and there is 42 thousand. By July it will solve the problem of new retirees. He stressed the importance of the bridge - the Peninsula, because it will be finally connected Croatian territory, and would allow the revival of this area. Croatia now has or builds a highway that will connect all the regions and would allow their steady growth, he said.
 In just seven months is built pipeline that gas from the northern Adriatic Sea in Croatia comes directly instead of through Italy and Slovenia, said, announcing the construction of the pipeline from Karlovac to Split by 2010. The success of the HDZ at the elections in Rogoznica, Kukljici and PitomaËa result of this government because the citizens gave voice to the rule of law even though they expected from the opposition that would, for example, in Rogoznica they win because they HDZ &quot;destroy the house,&quot; said said. This once again shows that the strongest Croatian HDZ party, which will remain after the parliamentary elections in November, when will again win the largest number of seats, the poruèio. Participants were told to Gordon Jandrokoviæ, Zivko Nenadiæ, Ivan Jarnjak Bebiæ and Luke, who were the attendees and Miomir Zuzul and other leaders of the HDZ. Text taken from the HDZ and the Messengers
 