- Val came suddenly, in five minutes, like a red tide over the field of container. We flooded the whole yard. We fled the house on time, thank God we live. But some were not so lucky - have told Szilvia Lengyel and her mother from Jozsefine Kolontara Večernjakov journalist who yesterday went to places in Hungary that has engulfed toxic mud from alumina factory. Their town was first attacked by the red mud, which is the wave reached up to 3.6 meters. Four people in their neighborhood did not survive, it is assumed that they were strangled. Szilvia, he says, the shelter during their three children. And two days after the disaster, Kolontar looks like the sites of SF films. The wall is red up to two meters in height all swims under a thick layer of red mud and boots are the most wanted goods. Many women also wear protective masks. - It is good that the wet and rain were because it would be much more dangerous that is dry and that the particles fly through the air - says Dr.
 Attila Nyikos from civil defense. For several days he and a colleague Gyorgy Bakos not sleep. Visit the injured, convey information, watch the progress of cleaning. - From Kolontara have evacuated 50 people from 32 households. Edited them shelter in the municipality and school, but most of it left. Prefer their friends and relatives - says Gyorgy, responsible for press releases on the entire affected area. Some, such as family Lengyel, returned to their homes and trying to clean something. But it is almost impossible. Land they were still under a few dozen centimeters thick mud. A wall can be seen all the horrors of the disaster - is red to a height of about two meters. On the streets and courtyards bursting with everything - the army, police, civil defense, firefighters, Red Cross ... Bulldozers destroy trees, loads of mud from the roads, the canals and courtyards, and drove it. Employees of the Red Cross distribute food, water and protective masks.
 The smell in the air is extremely difficult, and even a red sky works. Tragic tank is located outside features, a larger city. It is located in the western suburbs, and the silt plain, over Kolontara, flowed to the west, so Ajka not damaged. - There is no danger for Croatia, I said it and Croatian counterparts. Silt furthest we observed 14 km to the northwest of the accident site. Water from rivers is drinkable. Mud no longer flows from the tank. Basically the technology expired water pH she was 13, and red is due to iron oxide. The water is drained away, and here are other contaminating metals - said Dr. Attila Nyikos. A spokesman for the Hungarian office of defense against disaster Gyorgy Bakos said however that no new victims of an avalanche of red mud that has leaked from the factory Timfoldgyar alumina. Tens of millions of euros of damage - chemical burns caused by such waste could be shown only after several days.
 Injuries that seem to surface over time might tend to damage the tissue - has warned a doctor Peter Jacobus. Zoltan Illes said in a statement to the BBC estimated that it will take at least a year to clean up the whole field and that the restoration of the area cost tens of millions of dollars. Hungary will, as announced, to seek assistance from the European Union. And still there is no danger for Croatia, running off - According to information provided to stabilize the situation in Hungary and has calmed down - said Wednesday the main water rights state inspector Željko Makvić. National Protection and Rescue on Wednesday announced that the threat to Croatia from the spread of contamination from neighboring Hungary, no. - Dusza available data of the disaster of the Republic of Hungary, from which we confirmed that there is no danger of leakage of sludge into the Danube and the further spread of toxic substances left off - said in a statement.
 Dusza will still be in touch with colleagues from Hungary and the public will be informed about everything.
 