Barack Obama chose Elena Kagan is the successor of Judge Stevens. Former Dean of Harvard Law School will be the fourth woman on the Supreme Court. U.S. President Barack Obama lawyer Elena Kagan was nominated for judge of the supreme legislative body in the United States, the Supreme Court. Specifically, Judge John Paul Stevens, 90 years old, goes to a well-deserved retirement after the Supreme Court 35 years, Obama chooses a successor. Or so it seemed, heiress. Confirm whether the choice of Kagan in U.S. Senate, she will become the fourth woman ever appointed to the legislature, along with Sandra Day O&#39;Connor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor. But who is Elena Kagan? We carry five facts about her that was published by PBS. 1st The long legal career includes Elena Kagan little experience in the judicial process, as opposed to sudaèkim. This could help to facts is the interview in the Senate that Kagan would have to pass, but not be able to &#39;sift&#39; on sudaèkih decisions that might be controversial.
 According to recent surveys, 70 percent of Americans believed that the sudaèke necessary recommendations for the appointment of judges of the Supreme Court, while some, like Bill Clinton believe that they are not necessary. The last judge appointed to the Supreme Court, and that was without sudaèkog experience, was William Rehnquist, 1972. year. 2nd Before joining the Obama administration, Kagan was a dean at Harvard Law School where he introduced a new system of education for students in third year of the faculties, and who wanted to work in public and civil service after graduation. But njezinnajpoznatiji move as dean was that banned military recruiters to campus activities. 3rd During a brief practice in litigation, Kagan was a legal advisor that I represented the music industry and a few house music album for the rap group 2 Live Crew&#39;s &#39;As Nasty As They Want to Be&#39;. Some wanted to ban the album because nepoæudnosti.
 4th With its net profit of one million U.S. dollars Kagan will be in good company at the Supreme Court. Currently, the nine Supreme Court judges, six of them are millionaires, including Stevens who is retiring. 5th They should become the main state prosecutor, Kagan was able to get the votes and the Republicans and Democrats. She managed to get the support of seven Republican senators and former prosecutor, Ted Olsen and Ken Starr. Utah Senator Orrin Hatch described it is a brilliant legal mind, and with Senator John McCain has worked on the legal regulation of the tobacco industry in Arizona when she was a member of the Clinton administration.
 