Toussaint major accident reminded me that few people actually know how it came at all to the development of Haiti. In his book A Brief History of Human Rights for the entire electronic edition I offer the link, I described some events that you might be interesting. Of course, it will not help these unfortunate people but, well, maybe someone in a position that may affect the assistance that came into it and do it. Toussaint L&#39;Ouverture slave revolt in Haiti today, and the then island of St. Domingue, it helped change the colonial masters shortly after Spain took primacy on the island. Regionally, the English were dominant, but a large number of revolts often been backed from France on behalf of the principles of freedom, although in reality the principle of a second-class nature of a primary geopolitical rivalry. Slave revolt on St. Domingueu 1791st years, was in fact the only successful slave revolt that resulted in the declaration of independence 1804th
 year, which Haiti became only the second independent nation in the western part of the world. The favorable climate and fertile soil with a steady influx of new labor force in the form of slaves from Africa, have made this territory the richest colony in the world. The French Revolution had a remarkable response among the slaves on the island, but also among the twenty one thousand whites occupied the island during this time. For the purpose of understanding the Revolt and its historical significance, it is at least a superficial understanding of the local population and its distribution. At the top were definitely white slave owners who also owned a large plantation. Their goal was independence from France in the same sense in which they are incurred United States. Below this group in the pyramid effect, there was another group of white settlers, which can roughly be described as middle class - merchants, teachers and other residents of small fortune who also owned slaves, but in much smaller numbers.
 They are a danger to their own progress seen in the free blacks who were thirty thousand to the island and were in possession of great wealth. A significant portion of this population was, racially speaking, a product of white fathers and black mothers, thus mulatto. During the Revolution mulatto were at one time were on the side of black rebels, while at other times were on the opponents side of the slavery system changes. In addition to the total of fifty one thousand free people, the colony had a population of around half a million slaves. Neither of these groups was not uniform, as one part was employed as domestic slaves, which in comparison to those on the plantations and the fields were in a much more favorable position. Finally, Chestnuts, a special class of the population, which consisted of runaway slaves who settled in the mountainous part of the island and lived almost uninterrupted from small land holdings, have developed a defense system, and organize occasional pillaging attacks on plantations to supplement their needs.
 Their growing power and role of the complication of the situation and will eventually play a decisive role in the revolution. Rebellion against French rule began with the support of white velikoposjednici free black people. White middle class, and slaves, were initially completely ignored the revolutionary aspirations of the colony. Slaves are also occasionally raised revolt, but without the support did not realize too much success. Only later would join the revolt of Marrone get on the severity and impact on the overall changes. Another kind of rebellion has been organized among the free black and mulatto population, which, in addition to property being acquired, demanded full civil rights by following the principles of the Revolution in France. In early 1791st year, this rebellion is crushed. In late summer of that year began a significant slave revolt. It is possible to say that the colony began a civil war with several sides, which, according to circumstances, changing alliances and fundamental issues such as human equality, liberty and fraternity.
 Full range of geostrategic relationship of the great powers contributed to the decision of the French envoy in the colony that gives complete freedom to all slaves, in order to successfully defend a valuable possession of the anticipated attack, and the British and Spaniards. At the head of former slaves was Toussaint L&#39;Ouverture, who showed remarkable talent in war and in political decisions. The combination of skills and the sequence of events led him to the position of Deputy Governor of the colony 1796th year. This fact is best shown by proportion of the revolutionary events in France and the consequences that had in other parts of the world. Events, however, do not stop here. Spanish defeat in Europe were reflected in their abandoning the struggle and turmoil in the colony of St. Domingue. French authorities have definitively defeated, while the British because of the rebellion in Jamaica lost interest and rationally decide to preserve their own colonies and position.
 This sequence of events has left Toussaint led the colony, which is nominally 1798th was still a French territory. The second part of the island of Hispaniola was under Spanish rule, although the three years before her Madrid left the French part of the island. Due to developments in French possession, the government in Paris was neither the Spaniards wanted to go, because it would Toussaint became the absolute ruler of the island and probably declared independence. However, this is exactly what happened. Toussaint was forcibly expelled Spaniards, a self proclaimed lifelong United governor of the island. It is even possible to compare Toussaint and Napoleon. Both are, of course, possessed of exceptional military and political capabilities, but it is a limited its effect on the island of Hispaniola, while the other went to unsuccessful campaign in World. During the first partial easing of military operations in Europe, Napoleon had sent a military expedition to put an end to the colony on the island toward independence.
 Toussaint&#39;s 1802nd caught in the deception. The following year ended the life in a French prison in the Alps. Later the same year rebel Haitians have successfully defeated the French expedition and declared independence on New 1804. That was the first black republic in the Western Hemisphere. All great powers timidly were related, because they are all grounded substantial parts of their economies to the slaves. United States, which until then had supported the rebels, are now carefully establish their commercial and political ties. The same was the case with the British and Spaniards, while the French lost a very important colonial possession. Especially interesting is the revolution in Haiti given the release of slaves and the establishment of government domorodnog population. There are numerous brutalities committed during this revolution, and is partly a racial conflict was directly determined with consequential reprisals by all different.
 In doing so, both white and black sides in a conflict equally behaved brutally. At that time, Napoleon sold Louisiana United States, which resulted in the development of mythology among the Haitian population that they actually prevent their uprising in the Napoleonic expedition to America. ... Here suddenly ends under the first reactions of bloggers ....
 