Afghan National Park Band-e-Amir are six crystal-clear lake surrounded by cliffs from which you breath stops, and these natural wonders look like a product of the imagination, writes a correspondent for CNN. &quot;If you look at this beauty, she is, as we say in our language, poetry for the eyes, mind and soul,&quot; says former Prince Mustafa Zahir. On arrival here passing by the place where they were located by the famous Buddha statues in Bamiyan province were hidden for centuries. Many of them due to the perfect design called the world&#39;s wonders, but behind them after the bombing of the Taliban in March 2001. only other craters. However, this area has much to show why. The scenes usually see the elaborate postcards that are delivered in its entirety. Lake Band-e-Amir impressed with its blue, while the total surface of 59 000 hectares. Back as 1970. The initiative was launched for the declaration of this national park, but this idea had to wait until 1996.
 when the local community, along with U.S. and local government, managed to revive the vision. &quot;The saddest day of my life was when the inflammation of the army and we had to go,&quot; says Zahir, who now serves as director of the National Environmental Protection Agency. &quot;The happiest day of my life was when I returned to the country. However, today I am even happier because we have something concrete we can show the Afghans.&quot; Still, the great lakes many inhabitants of this land is unavailable, and the foreigners who want to visit the most isolated in their task and have to manage to carry. From Kabul to Bamiyan is necessary to spend nine hours of driving, a road passes through the bad roads and dangerous areas. Local residents are hopeful that the park will attract the necessary attention, and that donors will stop ignoring one of the safest provinces in Afghanistan. &quot;Local residents are very peaceful and want reconstruction.
 However, due to insufficient planning balanced policy conducted by the Afghan government, there is nothing done, &quot;complains a teacher Said Mohammad Feroz. His fellow citizens believe that it is premature to call the area a national park because&quot; it is still not park. &quot;If the government help, then it will be, but now it&#39;s not park. When trees are planted, with an excellent climate and create jobs, everything will be green and the place will be called a park, &quot;said resident Jaan Been. Source: Sarajevo-x.com, B92
 