JERUSALEM - At least 16 people were killed and 40-odd wounded, including ten Israeli soldiers, when Israeli commandos raided before dawn today in international waters on a fleet of freedom, a convoy of six ships, under the unofficial sponsorship of Turkey, carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza. RELATED NEWS News propalestinskom six ships in the convoy were three Turkish and two Greek and one American ship. The seventh is yet to join the coalition fleet of freedom, which consisted of several organizations, including the Free Gaza Movement (one of the organizers are reportedly linked with Turkey&#39;s IHH Humanitarian group, which Israel accuses of links with terrorism). Israeli Ambassador: Israel is at war, the ships and we had to board the ships traveled 700 people, mostly activists, of which half was from Turkey and the rest from 50 other countries. Their plan was to transfer about 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid to Gaza, which has been under Israeli blockade.
 So far, conflicting explanations of the incident, which was lifted to his feet the international community. According to one version, the commandos were fired at the ship before they boarded it. In the Israeli version, however, claims that they opened fire only after the activists attacked them with sticks, knives and firearms (which they stole the commandos). Criticism from around the world - Disgusting is that they are picked up on deck and started attacking civilians. We are civilians - said Greta Berlin from the Free Gaza Movement. Despite criticism, Israel has warned that resembles a fleet that is not trying to break the blockade and they offered to transfer cargo to Gaza via Israeli ports. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that fully stands behind the army, a deputy foreign minister Danny Ayalon has accused the &quot;armada of hate,&quot; as he called the convoy of &quot;premeditated and unprecedented provocation&quot;. - The ship was found pre-prepared weapon that was used against our forces.
 Intentions, methods, and, unfortunately, the results of organizers were violent. Israel regrets the loss of life and tried to do everything to avoid this outcome - is said Ayalon. An Israeli army spokesman, Gen. Avi Benayahu, said, however, did not know who ordered the commandos to open fire.
 