So many images flood your heart and mind after only two weeks in Kazakhstan! The endless plains stretch out and lose track of the horizontal line across the horizon. The colors are perfectly homogeneous, but when you look closely, blue načičkanih reveals a multitude of small flowers. Then suddenly the light changed, and everything becomes golden. Sometimes it appears a flock of sheep, cows and horses along with his bodyguard. It is a landscape of northern Kazakhstan, coming from across the Karaganda Astana until a small village called Oziornoe. Every year, more than ten years, young people come to share a five day gathering. This is the road that leads to Russia. Pretty it was rebuilt, but as soon as further resume time, everything changes, and finally along the gravel coming into the village. All you see is steppes and now it appears the village. Brick house is rectangular in shape, and they are lined up along the long gravel road. He asked if I could come earlier and live with a family for several days before the meeting starts.
 I received a very harmonious family. Their children are married and live in the village. In accordance with tradition, the eldest grandson of his childhood living with his grandfather and grandmother to care about them. Now that the elderly living than they themselves produce on their small farm. They have a few farm animals and a large garden in which vegetables are grown, which are stored for the winter. Almost all men go to work where there was once kolhoz. Around 11 o&#39;clock in the evening when the job was finished, the couple invited me to join them in the kitchen at night - it was a nice moment to share in spite of language difficulties ... we all used pantomime and understand each other! A couple of days before the meeting was a long rehearsal where they rehearsed songs with one of the sisters who serve in the parish. She has already run up the chorus with instrumental accompaniment. These young people came from different parishes. Young people from the village Ozorinoe were responsible for organizing a place to share food, tents and construction of the yurt, made from beautiful fabrics with Kazakhstan&#39;s motives.
 A small group of women from the village was responsible for cooking. The old Polish military equipment has served to maintain the heat of food. Then the big day finally came and we could see cars come in all sizes full of young people who came accompanied by their priests or monks. Some of them traveled two days, while those of the far south, and more. She took a group of seven young people from Uzbekistan. Among them were two girls born in Uzbekistan, a Korean origin, and another in Tanzania. This contributed to the ethnic diversity among us. It seems that Kazakhstan has more than 130 different ethnic groups that came to the Stalin era. Already the first evening could feel that people are careful, and that silence during the prayer impressed all those responsible who were accustomed to lively gatherings. Letter from China was distributed to everyone and when it came time to talk in groups, it was surprising that they even read the notes! An important moment was the day of pilgrimage to the hill on which stands a large cross.
 It all began with an introduction to the church, after which 300 young people went under the bright sun, 12 km with two breaks for lunch and a brief introduction to the Bible. After the picnic they went to a beautiful way of the cross. That evening the rural family groups received the youth so they can be washed ... the only time throughout the week! Drought is so strong that there is enough water for daily washing. The next evening, another pilgrimage, this time shorter, the lake for which this place is sacred. In 1936., Men were the slaves and many were executed. Women and children were in the village, winter was harsh and there was no food. Suddenly premature warmer, the snow melted and the lake appeared to be full of fish. It happened in 25th March and the locals are copied to Mary&#39;s intervention. So we walked towards the lake and the statue erected on top of the tower. The sun was setting and the prairies glistening. We have prepared a prayer and the young people put notes in the cart with his vows.
 The silence was amazing again, after which zaorio Magnificat. Questions and expectations of young people are very similar to those of young people from other countries. But what was amazing is their commitment to faith and the quest for God&#39;s will in their lives. For many of them this meeting was the revelation of personal relationship with Christ in prayer, but also in God&#39;s word. I could also mention the visit to Karaganda, which is the first dioceses in Kazakhstan. With auxiliary bishop of pilgrims are in Spassk, one of the largest sites of forced labor and concentration camps. The numbers are so large that it is impossible to write. There are mass graves in which bodies had been dumped one million miners and farmers. At that point all the country built a monument. It was a moment of deep prayer. During the first visit in May, was preparing to meet with the organizers. It was also an opportunity to participate in the opening ceremony of the Lutheran Synod and a meeting with a young Orthodox priest in Astana.
 In Almaty, on his return from Ozornoe, I also visited Orthodox Archdiocese. Although Archbishop Alexander was in Moscow, I was nicely received. It was the 16th August, we prayed together in a magnificent cathedral Zenkov, grateful for the life of Brother Roger, who is very like the Orthodox Church.
 