Article HHO Ivo Banac believes that the Nobel Peace Prize to Chinese dissident Heavy rains and a warning to the local communist authorities. Nobel Committee said that China has something to do when it comes to human rights. Banac warns that the situation of human rights in the most populous country in the world catastrophe. - Everything is controlled. All minorities in China have a problem, and most vulnerable are the Tibetans and Uighurs who live in northwestern China. Chinese authorities are trying to destroy minorities such as the &quot;problematic&quot; regions inhabited by the majority population Hansko - Banac said, adding that the Uighurs practice recently raised an armed uprising. The current situation of human rights in China has many similarities with the situation in the USSR for the rule of Khrushchev and Brezhnev. - The ratio of China&#39;s Muslim Uighurs to be compared with the ratio that the Yugoslav communist government had the Albanian population in Kosovo - says Banac.
 Seški Stanojlović of the Helsinki Committee in Serbia, which has 11 years was a correspondent for the Herald from Beijing and has reported on the Tiananmen Square massacre, was very pleased when she heard that 55-year-old lawyer Liu Xiaobo was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. - On in 1989. also was on Tiananmen Square. This is a belated recognition that the movement before the fall of the Berlin Wall announced major turbulence in the east - she says. - There are also ideas about the Nobel prize with Tiananmen activists, such as Chai Ling, but nobody is not got. This is very important on a symbolic level - says S. Stanojlović and points out that in recent years China has developed incredibly and raise the standard of the majority population, but they are civil liberties, especially freedom of expression remained low. Strong reaction of China, he adds, because it is expected on the subject in China silent on the trauma that is always present. When the Dalai Lama won the Nobel Peace Prize, China has also stressed that it is protukineskom turn.
 Nobel Xiabaou can be viewed in the context of disputes with the United States, no major earthquakes between the U.S. and China will not be - says S. Stanojlović and illustrates this by either H. Clinton in the latest visit to China did not mention human rights. Bickering between the U.S. and China, therefore, be to the extent that we have already witnessed, but not beyond that. Human rights will continue to evolve, however, primarily due to avoidance of social friction, and it is expected that the development of media freedom, she said. However, topics like Tiananmen Square, Tibet, the Dalai Lama, Taiwan and the like shall remain taboo. (Dc, NW / VLM)
 