Pope Benedict XVI dedicated the unfinished basilica Sagrada family in Barcelona, the masterpiece of architect Antonio Gaudi and the symbol of traditional family values, and in it, 128 years after the start of construction, held the first mass. The Pope in his homily urged all countries to assist and protect the family as inseparable alliance of men and women. Spain, a country with deep Roman Catholic tradition, in the past few years under the leadership of Socialist Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero adopted a series of liberal legislation, including the legalization of same-sex marriage and extending the legal framework for abortion. Therefore, the Vatican, according to DPA, considered one of the main fronts in the struggle for rekristijanizaciju Europe. The Pope said that the Church opposes any form of denial of life and sought to protect the lives of children as a sacred and inviolable from the moment of their conception and to stimulate the birth rate, evaluates and supports the judicial, social and legal level.
 Benedict XVI papamobilom drove from the cathedral in the old part of town to the Sagrada Familia, where he was greeted by Spanish King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia, who attended the Mass, along with 8000 believers. In front of the church worship is followed by some 40,000 believers. In passing his vehicle among a host of enthusiastic believers and there were about 200 gay men who hugged and shouted: Get out! or pedophile!, protesting that the Church&#39;s opposition to gay marriage and its conduct in the scandal with pedophile priests, according to Hina. While the work on the Sagrada Familia still take many years, much has been done to welcome the Holy Father, including the completion and installation of stained glass. But the central 170 m high tower is still far from completion. The main architect Jordi Bonet Armenol promises that it will not need for another century if visitors continue to be generous.
 Once the number of visitors has been modest and there were problems with the payment of workers, &quot;he explained. Now, says Bonet, church visits about 10 000 people a day. When completed, the Sagrada Familia will have 18 impressive towers, 12 dedicated to the apostles, four evangelists and Jesus and the Virgin Mary. After the papal consecration of the church will start conducting regular services. Sagrada Familia will be able to receive the 9000 believers. Pope calls for respect of life, despite the new technological achievements, and to the occasion visits home for children with disabilities in Barcelona, at the end of his visit to Spain. Upon arrival at the institution, &quot;Nen Deu&quot; (Divine Child, in Catalan), led by the Catholic Church, the pope was warmly greeted by nuns and local residents, the mentally retarded children are blessed by the Pope.
 