Pastor Jones was not to be placed into the mantra that Islam is a religion of devilish and evil book of the Quran, to the day before the anniversary, 10 September, however, withdrew an invitation to arson, declaring that the initiative has already drawn attention to&#39;&#39;the problem of radical Islam, that America wants to impose its laws.&#39;&#39;Although Jones&#39; church called pretentious Dove World Outreach Center (Golubičin center to draw the world) marginal Organizations with fifty members, two months is held in tension billion Christians and Muslims, threatening to cause a fire in which the burned much more than books. Mad Jones, who was in Germany assessed an as falsely represented as a physician, is famous for the statement that all religions other than Christianity - Judaism, Hinduism, Buddhism and Islam - demonic. In addition to members of other religions, does not tolerate nor homosexuals, whom they had organized a protest in Florida.
 Dove World was sick most Americans, and the mayor of Gainesville described them as &quot;marginal group that just defy our community.&quot; A bank that is a &quot;dove&quot;, made a mortgage loan demanded immediate repayment of the total amount of $ 140,000, while the Rackspace, a provider of network space for Dove Worldov Internet portal, has canceled an agreement to shut his site. If marginalac like Jones managed to upset the world, the effect on the masses and high politics are religious leaders with large followings and far-reaching plans? This is for Christians was one of the most influential and longest serving Pope John Paul II. The first Slavic pope, was born in Poland as Karol Wojtyla, he traveled more than any Pope beatified 1340 people from around the world and strengthen ties with Judaism and the Orthodox and Anglican churches. For Muslims, in the last century, none was greater than Ruholaha Ayatollah Khomeini, the writer of the recent history of the Middle East.
 Inspiration of the Islamic Revolution, which started from his exile in France and that in 1979. deposed Shah Reza Pahlavi, has attracted tens of millions of devotees in the Islamic world. At the same time, Westerners are hated and feared him because of the intransigence. Sajid Ali al-Sistani was born fourth August 1930th the Masada Country: Iran Religion: Islam - Ayatollah šijitizam Sajid Ali al-Husaini al-Sistani has his beard longer and look more terrifying than the late Khomeini. The most influential Shiite cleric has tens of millions of fans in Iran and among the millions of Iraqi Shiites, who consider it a life model. Born in Iran, but lives in Iraq since 1951. Al-Sistani has worked for decades in the background, as a member of the minority Shiite population, while Sunni dictatorship of Saddam Hussein. From Huseinovog overthrow, has grown into the most popular religious leader in the region, and spread forth the Islamic world and opened offices in 15 countries.
 Recognizing the value of the Internet has given the biggest run specialized portal is intended Shiites in the world. Daily receives thousands of e-mails of believers and hundreds of personal convenience. It was a huge influence presented in early 2004. When he urged a peaceful mass demonstrations demanding free elections in Iraq and seeking the engagement of the UN rather than the Anglo-American occupation forces. At gatherings of Shiites are present in a number of Al-Sistanijeve photos, and before the Iraqi law to prohibit its images are emphasized, and local political parties in an effort to attract as many voters. Rabbi Ovadia Josef Born: 23 SEP-1920. Basra Country: Israel Religion: Judaism ultraortodoksni native of the southern Iraqi city of Basra, Rabbi Josef is the spiritual leader of far right parties SAS, which represents the interests of Jews and ultraortodoksnih plays a significant role in determining the balance of forces on the Israeli political scene.
 His speeches are often caused controversy and anger of those who are coming off, either Arabs or Americans, as when a catastrophic hurricane Katrina as &quot;divine retribution&quot;. Idol is the orthodox, who called him &quot;the greatest in his generation&quot; and &quot;Light of Israel&quot;, with no support among liberal and moderate Jews. Despite political and religious extremism, Josef is an important player in the parliamentary crosswords, focusing your party now by one, now by another ally. Throughout history, Sas was placed and with moderate Jitzaka Rabin and the belligerent Benjamin Netanjahua, zadobivajući so the impact on parliamentary decisions is greater than that which would otherwise give him a dozen of which it holds in Knesetu. Thanks to the handy maneuvering, Josef and SAS have won government support for religious schools and undivided Jerusalem. How influential, but still irritating for the more moderate part of the Israeli people, SAS is shown 2008th
 when he hesitated long whether to join the government, which has drafted Tzipi Livni. Although his Livni promised to increase state support for children for a billion shekels, the rabbi turned her down and have new elections. Pope Benedict XVI Born: 16 travnja 1927th Earth: The Vatican, Italy, Germany Religion: Christianity - Roman Catholicism Today&#39;s leader of the Catholic Church, the former archbishop of Munich, Pope Benedict freezes the blood of politicians while he was still known by her birth name, Joseph Ratzinger. Conservative German directly affected the outcome of the presidential 2004 elections., When the critical moment in the campaign sent out a message to the local bishops to refuse to give Holy Communion to Catholics who support the right to abortion. Being a former Democratic candidate John Kerry a liberal Catholic who supports the right to choose, many are customary Democratic Catholic voters are impressed by Ratzinger messages moved into the camp of George W.
 Bush. Benedict was the strongest influence in Italy, which it is the political scene it was first seen in action shortly after the 19th April 2005. elected pope. This occasion opposed attempts to amend laws that restrict medical care at artificial insemination. Political analysts believe that he is responsible for the collapse of the former referendum related to the issue of changes to the above Act. Upon the outbreak of the global financial crisis has turned the people against the message of materialism and urged most dedicated believers to enter into politics and she injected a new dose of Christian morality. He stood up against the Italian government&#39;s proposals for tightening the treatment of illegal immigrants, and his Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi went into the audience to explain the meaning of the proposed measures. Benedict XVI last year struggling with sexual offenders are detected under the auspices of the Catholic Church. After a series of scandals that have shaken this spring ultrakatoličku Ireland, has promised to introduce measures which will continue to protect young people and to bring offenders to justice.
 Rick Warren Born: 28 January 1954. San Jose Country: United States Religion: Christianity - Southern baptism influence of religious leaders in American politics is vast and unquestionable. Billy Graham (92), preached live in front of 2.5 million faithful, and advised the twelve U.S. presidents since Harry Truman and Dwight Einsenowera to George W. Bush and Barack Obama. Like Graham, a Southern Baptist and his spiritual successor to Rick Warren, the most popular preacher of the younger generation. Warren is the founder of Saddleback Church, one of the most populous American churches, whose stronghold in California&#39;s Orange County, where his church gathers 23 000 believers. Warren&#39;s book&#39;&#39;The Purpose Driven Life&#39;&#39;(purposeful life) has sold 40 million copies worldwide, and in the United States is the top-selling hardcover book in history. Warren is, of course, on the side of Republicans and ahead of 2004 elections.
 discretely supported Bush against John Kerry. Although not explicitly decided, preaching messages against abortion, gay marriage and euthanasia has reflected the same values advocated by the American Conservative Party. However, I do not belong to the Christian hawks and advocates for individual rights, the fight against poverty and climate change. On the eve of the election 2008th surprised the right wing attitudes that are each interpreted as neutrality, and the other as a mild support for Democratic candidate Barack Obama against John McCain. His relationship with the president described as an intimate and friendly, he starred along with Obama in the campaign of awareness of problems of AIDS. Peter Jasper Akinola Born: 27 siječnja 1944th Country: Nigeria Religion: Christianity - Anglicanism Yesterday&#39;s was the leader of the Nigerian Anglican Church and former Bishop of Nigerian capital Abuja one of the most conservative Christian leaders.
 Although the Anglican Church worldwide has made steps towards liberalization, Archbishop Akinola insists on old positions and fight against all attempts ublaženih interpretation of the Bible. His favorite enemies are homosexuals of both sexes, which it considers do not deserve the blessing, a place among the clergy, or social rights in general. Opposition to homosexuality, which is different from the tendencies of modern anglikanizma, he had made many enemies among liberal Anglicans, but an army of fans around the world. His influence extends beyond Nigeria and has admirers among Anglican groups in the United States. Divided between Christianity and Islam, Nigerians are very religious people, as Akinolu made a first-rate figure in the political wars. The politicians in campaigns constantly refer to God and church ceremonial donate funds, in turn, gaining the support of religious leaders. Akinola is a lot of times benefited from its importance to push conservative ideas.
 In his numerous visits to political leaders regularly stressed that God must come first, by the way seeking to squeeze as hard as homosexuals. Thus, in 2006. Nigerian government passed a decree prohibiting same-sex marriages across the country - which is, of course, well received on the same intolerant Islamic north. XIV Dalai Lama was born: 6 srpnja 1935th in Taktseru Country: Tibet (China) Religion: Buddhism Compared with conservative and intolerant religious leaders, it is important to refresh the XIV Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gjaco religious names, Tibetans who in 1959. during the uprising against Chinese occupation, fled to India and there established a government in exile. The Dalai Lama is the spiritual leader of over 80,000 Tibetans living in exile, but has influenced the religious and moral commitment of millions of people of different races and nations. Spreading the message of nonviolence and peaceful coexistence, characteristic of Buddhism, has grown into perhaps the favorite of the religious leader in the world.
 With his charisma and oratorical the ability crawled under the skin and Hollywood stars like Richard Gere and Steven Seagal, and leading politicians. Dalai Lama in 1989. awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for advocating for non-violent liberation and independence of Tibet, and has received numerous other awards and recognitions. That same year in which the shelter in India, is an ornate Ramon Magsaysay Award, the Asian version of the Nobel Prize, and four years ago became only the fifth person who was granted honorary Canadian citizenship. Croatia in 2002. had the honor to host global duhovnjaka appreciated. General admiration for the Dalai Lama does not go unanswered, and a South African politician said that he believes that &quot;any criticism of the Dalai Lama compares with shooting Bambi.&quot; And historians warn that Tibetans are not nearly as benign what they are shown in Hollywood movies.
 In Tibet until 1913. officially ruled a combination of slavery and feudalism, and the penalties for opponents of feudal terror have included cutting off limbs and death. XIV Dalai Lama, however, proved considerably more civilized than their predecessors, and the coming to power 1950th initiated reforms, and the next two decades talked about the need to change in the Tibetan society. Religion is a powerful business and religious brand Reverend Ruben judge was so strong brand in Croatia that at least part of the local church hierarchy caught discomfort. The judge enjoys popularity among Messianic fanatičnijih Catholics, moderate believers are skeptical about the circumvention of the prophet, and agnostics and atheists consider it a show business entrepreneur. Judge becomes tevizijski character he was sincerely convinced of his mission, &quot;God&#39;s servant&quot;, or calculate an actor, Judge successful in business. Joshua Ltd. His company last year achieved revenue of 2.9 million, a gain of 1.4 million.
 Director Joshua Frank Toljanić says that the amount earned by selling the judges of &quot;Judge Ruben - talks&quot; and a CD with the spiritual music of &quot;the Way, the Truth and the Life.&quot; The preacher should be the central figure in the Catholic Television, a project supported by the Diaspora and who could go around Christmas. TV project will be funded marketing for donations of the faithful.
 