Ante lithic defended recently at the University of doctoral dissertation titled &quot;The Liberal-National Movement in Croatia from 1966th to 1972nd and the world.&quot; The dissertation has 275 pages and is divided into 13 chapters, it is a lithic brtanio the expert committee members: prof. PhD. Mithad Kozličić, prof. PhD. Tvrtko Jakovina and PhD. Stijepo Obad, red. prof. in peace. National and Adriatic Component Why did you decide on this subject doctorate? - As I was preparing a PhD as part of doctoral studies in History of the Croatian Maritime Affairs at the Department of History, University of Zadar, inevitably I had to fit the national and the Adriatic and Mediterranean component in the broader context of world events, considering my affinity and orientation towards research and teaching of contemporary world history. Croatian spring, it seemed like a good choice because it is still current and under-researched topic, very important for the modern Croatian history, which included all of these components.
 The idea for the study of the international component of the Croatian Spring came to me during research in the British National Archives in London, where I found the extensive holdings of British diplomacy on the events in Croatia and the then Yugoslavia. So I&#39;m on the basis of this material, and later, during research in the United States and other countries, tried to reconstruct the politics of the international community toward the liberal and national movement that was developing in Croatia in the second half of the 60&#39;s and early 70-ies of 20th century. What is, in fact, the word in your doctoral work? - Ph.D. in detail the impact of international processes, to a large extent, and internal factors on the development of the Croatian Spring in his most intense period of development, since 1966. to 1971. year. This primarily refers to the coexistence of socialist Yugoslavia&#39;s international position, surrounded by Cold War blocs, and the internal processes in Croatia and Yugoslavia after the dismissal of Aleksandar Rankovic 1966th
 year. I have tried above all to analyze the politics of East and West, according to the policy of liberalization and decentralization initiated in early 1960-ies by the Yugoslav communist regime, which until early 1970-ies grown in the efforts of the Yugoslav republics, especially the Croatian and Slovenia, to reach as many degree of economic, cultural and national autonomy from the federal center in Belgrade. In doing so, I have a doctorate split into two levels. Two doctoral-level geopolitical, which tries to explain what the Cold War blocks based their attitudes towards liberalization and decentralization in Croatia and Yugoslavia, during which the world and Europe coincides with the beginning of détente, or the cessation Cold War tensions, but also the intensification of Soviet involvement in the East Mediterranean and Middle East, which has significantly increased Soviet interest in the eastern Adriatic coast as a potential point of access to the Mediterranean.
 This is exactly what the West has since 1948. tried to stop supporting the independence of the Yugoslav Communist regime of Moscow. Although the West has generally supported the decentralization of the liberal reforms, including the free expression of national feeling in Washington and London there was a fear that excessive liberalization and decentralization of the Yugoslav state, and in particular the strengthening of national movements in Croatia, it could jeopardize the internal and international stability of Yugoslavia, which the Soviets could provide a pretext for intervention. Soviets, on the other hand did not match proturuska and pro-Western line of national and liberal movements in Croatia, Yugoslavia, which could bring further west, so it can be explained by the Soviet effort to discredit the Croatian proljećarsko leadership. Of course, look at the events in Croatia was particularly important to me and I therefore, the geopolitical aspects, analyzed almost all reports of British and American diplomats, a part of the Croatian and Yugoslav documents, on the situation in Croatia after the 1966th, including the dismissal of Aleksandar Rankovic the Declaration on the name and position of the Croatian language, the Tenth session of the Central Committee of Communist Party of Croatia, and the events of 1971, the census, spy scandal, reactions to the constitutional amendments, the development of a national movement, action Nuts Croatian and student organizations, and finally the student strike and the events on International Terrorism, that the situation in Croatia after the fall of the Croatian Spring.
 In preparing a doctorate You&#39;ve used up quite a structure. How much time did you need to create work and what have you all used? - Overall I was to collect and analyze material, and just writing a doctorate took about four years. It is about the hundreds of documents, analysis, reports, transcripts of phone I have collected in the National Archives of Great Britain and the United States, and the Archives of NATO in Brussels, with of course, consult the extensive domestic and foreign literature and Internet sources. These are mainly diplomatic reporting and analysis of British and American diplomats who served in Belgrade and Zagreb, and their colleagues in the Foreign Office and the State Department, reports of western intelligence agencies, as well as in the case of U.S. source documents of the national security and the presidential administration of Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon. With British and American sources of the image I have compiled the research into the Croatian State Archives and the Archives of Yugoslavia and diplomatic archives of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Serbia in Belgrade.
 The three archives have proved to be extremely important to study not only of international relations of the former state, but also the impact of Croatian and Croatian political leaders, to create a foreign policy of the Yugoslav state, particularly in its stronger orientation towards the West. It is mainly about the composition of the Croatian Communist, and the League of Communists of Yugoslavia, and personal documentation of Josip Broz Tito, which illuminates many internal policy processes or events that are still poorly interpreted through archival sources. For example, the top of the Yugoslavian relations with the Soviet Union, national issues, the position of Croatian in Yugoslavia, and some controversial events, such as spy scandal in which the Croatian leadership proljećarsko associated with the Soviets, Brežnjevljev call on Brijuni, and his visit to Yugoslavia shortly before Karađorđeva as and Tito&#39;s visit to the United States in the fall 1971st
 Finally, insight into the structure of the Federal Secretariat for Foreign Affairs of the SFRY, which is now kept in the Serbian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has helped me to complement and create a complete picture of the international position of socialist Yugoslavia, primarily in order to reconstruct the Soviet policy toward events in Croatia, given that Russian archives are still unexplored, and still do not have complete information about the attitudes and plans of the Soviet leadership towards the situation in Croatia and Yugoslavia during the strong libralizacije and decentralization, which was in the Soviet Union no doubt followed with unease. Availability of materials is it difficult to get some information? Are there any present day obstacles to access to some sources? - Most of the archival material, especially in the West today is almost entirely open to the public and available to researchers. The only exception is the NATO Archives, where the situation is reversed, so unfortunately most of the material is still unavailable.
 Archives in the former Yugoslavia, specifically in Zagreb and Belgrade are also quite open to the public, but certain limitations exist, particularly in terms of reproduction material, which makes quite a job to researchers. Of course, more sensitive materials, linked to military or intelligence structure is still partly inaccessible, but it was crucial for successful research. Unfortunately, the Croatian government has not taken over the archival materials of the SFRY, in which, according to the contract has the right to succession, and even more difficult to deal Croatian researchers, but also unnecessarily gives others an advantage in the interpretation of an important part of Croatian history. The biggest obstacle was certainly a financial nature, because I spent most of the research, which included prolonged stay in those countries, I had to finance. What would be the contribution of science to this work? - PhD is perhaps the first comprehensive synthesis and review of the development of the Croatian Spring based on archival sources, which until now was not the case.
 In fact, despite the fact that in the past twenty years the Croatian Spring was in the spotlight Croatian history and politics, most data concerning this period is still based on memoarskoj Holdings participants of these events are processed or only certain aspects and events in the development of the Croatian Spring. Therefore, the interpretation and publication of the now totally unexplored archival material is certainly the most important contribution of my doctoral historiography. In addition, a large value of the paper gives a thorough illumination of Western policies towards Croatian position in socialist Yugoslavia, and the good part of the attitude of the Soviet Union on the same issue, which is also a contribution to the study of the global Cold War history. Will you continue with this issue? In what way? - Sure I&#39;ll try as soon as possible doctorate, and before that collect and analyze additional archival material, especially in Zagreb and Belgrade, and so fill the &quot;hole&quot;, especially related to internal political development of the Croatian Spring, which in the present study did not manage to quit, and so try to give a comprehensive and objective review of this important part of Croatian history.
 Who is Anthony Paleolithic? Ante lithic working at the Department of History of the University where he teaches courses in contemporary world history. He completed his undergraduate studies in history and archeology at the Faculty of Philosophy in Zadar and then enrolled in doctoral studies at the University of Zadar. Specializes in researching the history of the Cold War with special reference to the position of Yugoslavia and Croatian in that period. As part of a doctoral dissertation researched the National Archives of Great Britain and the United States and the Institute for the cold war at the London School of Economics and Political Science (London School of Economics and Political Sciences, London, UK). He has published works on the foreign policy of socialist Yugoslavia, Croatian-Italian relations in the 20th century, and various aspects of local history of Zadar and Dalmatia. 13.07.2010. Add to favorite articles Send to a friend Print Comment
 