Nowadays technology convergence is a huge trend with more functions being integrated into a single device. Danas je tehnologija konvergencija je ogroman trend sa više funkcija biti integriran u jednom uređaju. Similar happens to Apple Inc's products that have been aggressively developed with more and more features added to be able to stand out from the crowd. Slično se događa s Jabuka Inc za proizvode koji su agresivno sa razvija sve više i više mogućnosti dodao da bi mogli protiviti se from gužva. And obviously, this trend seems to have gradually taken away its 'traditional' iPod series from the market space. I očito, čini se da taj trend postupno oduzeta njegova 'tradicionalni' iPod serije iz prostora na tržištu. One of the major reasons was due to its own hot selling iPhone and iPod touch that cannibalize its lower end iPod products such as nano, shuffle as well as classic series. Jedan od glavnih razloga bio je zbog svoje vruće prodaja iPhone i iPod touch kanibalizirala donjem kraju proizvodi kao što su iPod nano, shuffle kao i klasične serije. The situation is understandable as consumers are expecting a single device that can do everything and obviously, iPod series' role as MP3 players no longer seems to be competitive. Situacija je i razumljivo jer su potrošači očekuju jedan uređaj koji može učiniti sve što je i očito, iPod serije 'ulogu kao MP3 playera ne čini se da je konkurentan. Instead of purchasing few gadgets individually, consumers rather spend more to get an all-in-one device that also simplifies the need to carry few gadgets while on the move. Umjesto kupovine nekoliko gadgeta pojedinačno, potrošači radije potrošiti više da biste dobili sve-u-jednom uređaj koji je također pojednostavljuje trebati nositi nekoliko naprava dok ste u pokretu. Regardless of what it is, Apple Inc is believed to still occupying 70 percent of MP3 players in this competitive market space. Bez obzira što je to, Apple Inc vjeruje se da još uvijek okupira 70 posto MP3 igrač na ovom tržištu konkurentne prostor. The cannibalization is quite common especially in fast and dynamic market segments and another example is the giant chipmaker, Intel was also believed to have cannibalizing its entry level and middle range notebook processors sales with its famous Atom processors released into the market. Cannibalization je sasvim uobičajeno posebno u brzim i dinamičnim tržišnim segmentima i drugi primjer je div chipmaker, Intel je također vjeruje da su cannibalizing svoj ulaz nivo i srednjeg raspona notebook procesore prodaja sa svojom poznatom Atom procesora pušten na tržište. IMPORTANT : The page is machine translated and provided "as is" without warranty. VAŽNO: stranica je stroj prevedeno i pružena "kakav je" sa garantni. Machine translation may be difficult to understand. Strojno prevođenje svibanj biti teško za razumjeti. Please refer to Molimo pogledajte original English article izvorni Engleski jezik članak whenever possible. kad god je to moguće. Related Articles Vezani članci This entry was posted on Sunday, July 26th, 2009 at 10:28 pm and is filed under Ovaj ulaz je pošta na nedjelja 26 srpanj, 2009 at 1028: pm i je uknjižen pod Portable Media Player Prenosiv Media Player . . You can follow any responses to this entry through the Možete udarac bilo koji reakcija to ovaj ulaz preko RSS 2.0 RSS 2.0 feed. You can hranjenje. Možete leave a response ostaviti odgovor , or , Ili trackback kugla from your own site. stranice sa svoje vlastite.

