The winner in football knows just decide one masterstroke, only one error or sudaèka decisions. But the championship Južnoafrièkoj Republic of the outcome of matches could be affected by natural factors, more precisely altitude. Specifically, six of the 10 stadiums where matches will be played at the World Championships as a high altitude. Johannesburg at 1750 meters, Rustenburg, Bloemfontein, Pretoria and Polokwane at an altitude between 1200 and 1500 meters above sea level. Japanese with bottled oxygen Nelspruit is quite tolerable to 660 meters, while the remaining three host city, Cape Town, Durban and Port Elizabeth, by the sea. Less frequent air and the fact that the World Cup held in the Southern Hemisphere (currently there is a winter period) forced the medical staff team to further work on preparation programs. Some teams have even traveled to Africa three weeks before their first match, a part of the team, such as Italy and France, the preparation is carried out in mountainous areas.
 Japanese and English are using special methods. Blue Samurai brought along a bottle of oxygen, while Albion went a step further. Capello prepares players during the past year exhibited different concentrations of oxygen, and those that have proved most vulnerable are given special tents (compressor simulates high altitude conditions) in which they slept. Mbombela Stadium in Nelspruit, capacity 43 500 Photo www.wikipedia.org, 2010 World Cup - Shine 2010 difference in the speed of 6 km / h Altitude will not only affect the players already on the ball. Footballers will have to take into account that would freelance performed the same power with 18 meters in Johannesburg to arrive faster than the goal line in Durban. The ball will at Soccer City for a greater altitude to be faster by about five percent, and will fly an average speed of 126 kilometers per hour, while the stadium will be at sea level to move at a speed of about 120 kilometers per hour.
 Neither the temperature will not be the same everywhere. Durban winter has the perfect climate for football and will be in Pretoria and Johannesburg, players have to get used to It is pretty cold days. The crowd at the stadium Moses Mabhida in Durban or in the evening periods will not have to pat, because the temperature between 15 and 20 degrees, while in Johannesburg after sunset, the temperature dropping to eight degrees.
 