It will take years to completely clean the damage from catastrophic oil spills in the Gulf of Mexico, said Monday Chief Commander of the Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen, who manages the front of the federal government&#39;s greatest environmental crises in U.S. history. &quot;Dealing with oil stain on the surface will last the next few months and will be resolved. Thereafter, to remain long-term issues of environment and habitat restoration, which will take years,&quot; Allen said at a news conference at the White House. The total amount of oil that is collected from damaged wells Deepwater Horizon at a depth of 1,500 meters and pumped into the tanker on the surface, on Sunday increased to about 11,000 barrels, according to estimates, British Petroleum, and Admiral Allen. Federal authorities estimate that to 19,000 barrels of oil a day flowing out of the hole. Since the BP using a special dome and equipment for pumping oil placed over the wells began to draw oil, its volume is doubled, &quot;said Allen on Monday.
 BP predicts bring another device &quot;to pump up drilling to increase the capacity of oil that can be collected daily at about 20,000 barrels, he added. &quot;In the long term, BP also plans to bring a larger vessel for the production and creation of durable links that can be peeled in case of hurricanes or bad weather later in the hurricane season,&quot; said Admiral Allen. President Barack Obama, whom Allen brifirao on the situation in the Gulf of Mexico, later stated that &quot;even in case of success in collecting part or most of crude oil, oil leak problem is not solved until the hole is closed, which will take several months&quot; . Obama has also expressed concern for the health workers who work to clean up oil pollution. He pointed out that the Environmental Protection Agency constantly monitors air and water quality, and check the level of toxins in seafood from the Gulf.
 Admiral Allen said the amount of oil that has been in the past 49 days have expired in the Gulf of Mexico exceeded one million gallons, or 3.78 million gallons, and that was polluted about 195 kilometers of coastline. He stressed that the oil slick is not compact, but it is decommissioned hundreds of thousands of small parts of the length of 20-100 meters to several kilometers, which extends in a radius of 300 kilometers around the well. &quot; The administration&#39;s effort to distance himself from BP over the past few days, with the initiation of criminal and civil investigations against the British corporation, and the harsh criticism of Obama on account of dividend distribution and advertising campaigns BP, did not reduce the anger among the population the Gulf states, Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi and Florida, where they are threatened by fishing and tourism, two major industries in the coastal region. BP announced that it has so far cost the curb and cleaning oil slicks, and the payment of compensation for fishermen, škamperima and other injured parties spent more than a billion dollars.
 In the analysis of the bank Credit Suisse estimated that the total cost of oil slicks in the Gulf of Mexico may reach $ 31 billion, of which the potential damages for economic loss in fisheries and tourism industry $ 14 billion, for a total cost of cleaning the pollution of 11-17 billion dollars. According to U.S. laws, cleaning costs and damages would have split the concession holders to rig Deepwater Horizon in the proportion of 65 percent of BP, Anadarko Petroleum 25 percent and Mitsui 10 percent, reports The Washington Post. (REUTERS / metro-portal)
 