By TAMAR »22 Sep 2010 22:14 The Iranian nation is an agent of freedom and happiness of the Islamic Ummah. Enemies because clearly shows that their goal is Iran, as well as their targets Islam and the Quran&#39;&#39;said the leader of the Islamic Revolution ajetollah uzma Hamenei But at a meeting with thousands of young volunteers to build the country. It is added:&#39;&#39;Love, Creed, oštroumsnost and effort are the main factors for the movement of the Iranian people. The essence and spirit of voluntary action, which brings technological twist, the progress and the superiority of the Iranian nation, the Islamic Faith and Spirituality of Venerable Revelation. These four factors - love, faith, ingenuity and effort, present the great revolution and Imam Khomeini ra, and these factors in the last three decades, making this nation a new, fresh and sweet fruit on the tree of the Islamic revolution. The Iranian nation is passing today of heavy historical change. In the last 30 years we have weathered many storms and dangerous destiny points, but this historic campaign have not yet completed and therefore we will continue together, the people and officials, careful, calm and wise to align our movement.
 I must commend valuable Iranian people who are in front of the Islamic ummah world confronts imperialism, bet fear and retreat even faster and stronger, worn with the force of the revolution. Those who are in the initial phase of the revolutionary to say that the revolution would be Porezen for three days or a week, now silent, aware of their strengths and weaknesses of the Iranian people. Let us only to Saddam during the eight years atakovanja on Iran was fully armed, financial, political and propaganda support of world powers. But our country, driven by revolutionary zeal and guided Imam Khomeini was defeated and destroyed by the aggressor and Saddam, who ended up miserably. Our leader Imam Khomeini was alive, he is beyond time, as well as following the Islamic revolution.&#39;&#39;&quot;Islam survive the Majesty and the blessings of faith Shi&#39;ia&quot; Mousavi Ruhullah Hz.Imam Khomenin (KS) TAMAR Full Member Posts: 171 Joined 13 May 2010 22:44 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Suad »22 Sep 2010 22:20 We would say the people: who seeks belaja will find it.
 They showed in the last election a revolution in action, killed one girl on bigajri-hak. Get serious! Suad Administrator Posts: 3622 Joined: 28 Dec 2006 04:12 Location: Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Eve &quot;22 Sep 2010 23:50 Suad wrote: When people say to us: who belaja search will find it. In what way is Iran sought belaja with anyone? Suad wrote: They showed in the last election a revolution in action, killed one girl on bigajri-hak. They did not kill bezpotrebe! The local &quot;opposition&quot; received instructions from the West and the Zionists in order to ruse their own state. Furthermore, Ahmedinejad took the honest victory in the elections but it is not sold souls odgovoaralo so they went to arson, destruction and attacks on police officers. Evin Newbie Posts: 22 Joined: 22 Sep 2010 23:44 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Eve &quot;23 Sep 2010 00:02 Sajo Sarajlija wrote: Let&#39;s just stand on the tail of Israel, and will see how powerful.
 Nonsense! Small and poorly armed Hezbollah a few years ago Zionists struggled so terribly at the end of the political and flew the officer &quot;head&quot; in Israel as never before. The entire Middle East is still praise Hezbollah), Iran has a very powerful army, the Islamic government and, most importantly, the people who support the government. It is not with them as with the Arabs where they ulojeni and thick debut for Western interests held by the whole nation in its grip. Evin Newbie Posts: 22 Joined: 22 Sep 2010 23:44 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by ragib »23 Sep 2010 01:10 Eve wrote: Sajo Sarajlija wrote: Let&#39;s just stand on the tail of Israel so will see how powerful. Nonsense! Small and poorly armed Hezbollah a few years ago Zionists struggled so terribly at the end of the political and flew the officer &quot;head&quot; in Israel as never before. The entire Middle East is still praise Hezbollah), Iran has a very powerful army, the Islamic government and, most importantly, the people who support the government.
 It is not with them as with the Arabs where they ulojeni and thick debut for Western interests held by the whole nation in its grip. Hezbollah showed force them to Allah to help but do not tell jokes that people support government in Iran and there is strong opposition ragib Sr. Member Posts: 351 Joined: 28 Mar 2009 03:19 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Tamara »23 Sep 2010 08:02 ragib wrote: Evin wrote: Sajo Sarajlija wrote: Let&#39;s just put an rep Israel, and will see how powerful. Nonsense! Small and poorly armed Hezbollah a few years ago Zionists struggled so terribly at the end of the political and flew the officer &quot;head&quot; in Israel as never before. The entire Middle East is still praise Hezbollah), Iran has a very powerful army, the Islamic government and, most importantly, the people who support the government. It is not with them as with the Arabs where they ulojeni and thick debut for Western interests held by the whole nation in its grip.
 Hezbollah showed force them to Allah to help but do not tell jokes that people support government in Iran and there is strong opposition Ragib not show sharp teeth and hatred, you see how well you know for Hezbollah, and who support Hezbollah, would moble they disappear without Iran , in the midst of infidels such as the wobbling countries and Israel, munafika Oper wobbling and Saudije.dali something they arrived without something powerful Iran? another in the vllast in Iran all know what the sadava in Iran and the other is that they trust you not to hate because you do not receive the truth, do not you see you Bollan when most small protest in Iran, he went out on millions of?? the position of one hundred thou a recession, is it not yet convinced myself the de has dirty hands and involved all the world silla and failed? Zams that there were people that supported vllast, what would they have done? Bollan do not speak from the background, pokushaj least treniras pirics to the heart! and do not talk of &quot;Islam survive the Majesty and the blessings of faith Shi&#39;ia&quot; Mousavi Ruhullah Hz.Imam Khomenin (KS) TAMAR Full Member Posts: 171 Joined: 13 May 2010 22:44 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Tamara »23 Sep 2010 08:10 Suad wrote: When people say to us: who is seeking belaja will find it.
 They showed in the last election a revolution in action, killed one girl on bigajri-hak. Suad, you proved to be weak, is still nis razumjt can anyone killed a girl bigajri hak? Do you still not convinced that the girl killed by CIA agents and Mosad to boot fuss for his goal of Satan?, do you not have heard that in her body which was shot, not in Iran such species? and an end to these girls do what you say you&#39;re sorry when you want your country to give the other hands, and that uputrebi all the resources, and these girls would Gajre haka, which had forgotten the blood shehida, as it chased from Wehabije Pado cionisat patlavijev of regime, they do have the experience to know they&#39;re very well that Iran is and what it is, whether you are still heard for the group of one hundred vivid and France (MCO) MUNAFIKUNUHALK, did not know anything about them? &quot;Islam survive the Majesty and the blessings of faith Shi&#39;ia&quot; Mousavi Ruhullah Hz.Imam Khomenin (KS) TAMAR Full Member Posts: 171 Joined: 13 May 2010 22:44 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it can not attack anyone&quot; by ragib »23 Sep 2010 09:21 I prefer the power in Iran than the opposition but I&#39;m annoying people who say that the people fully supported the government there ragib Sr.
 Member Posts: 351 Joined: 28 Mar 2009 03:19 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Tamara »23 Sep 2010 09:31 ragib wrote: I prefer the power in Iran than the opposition but annoy me People who say that the people there fully supports its own course shall also agree, but whether that amount has no pigs, and during Isalmske new formed country, during the Prophet (saw) was the same with that, and I am an ambassador had a problem with such, I Do not know what&#39;s troubling is when they have no powerful! know when he says qovjek completely, it imajako conviction because whether you know veq how many years they tried to destroy this government? and whether they succeed, and if she succeed? imagine 30 years sanctions, and prtetnje so ...... and it only progresses, what has to be there? &quot;Islam survives of Majesty and the blessings of faith Shi&#39;ia&quot; Mousavi Ruhullah Hz.Imam Khomenin (KS) TAMAR Sr. Member Posts: 171 Joined: 13 May 2010 22:44 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it can not attack anyone&quot; By Evin »23 Sep 2010 12:00 ragib wrote: Evin wrote: Sajo Sarajlija wrote: but do not tell jokes that people support government in Iran and there is strong opposition, I said that in Iran there is no opposition.
 If a country has an opposition to automacki means that most people do not support the current government? This first link is a Norwegian state television and was released after the elections in Iran. It was written in Norwegian, and attempt with the help of Google translator to translate what was written. http://www.nrk.no/nyheter/verden/1.6653728 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7xQk7vTzrA Another thing, those who call themselves &quot;Iranian opposition to&quot; receive instructions from the west as well as what to do because I think that no penalty against them can not be unfair or too severe! Evin Newbie Posts: 22 Joined: 22 Sep 2010 23:44 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Eve &quot;23 Sep 2010 12:13 ragib wrote: I prefer the power in Iran than the opposition but me annoying people who say that the people there fully supports its own it is not true that people in Iran 100% support the government, but it is true that the government has the support of the vast majority of people.
 Is there one country in the world where the government has 100% support from the people? Evin Newbie Posts: 22 Joined: 22 Sep 2010 23:44 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Eve &quot;24 Sep 2010 11:35 Ahmedinejad at the UN: USA is behind the September 11! The Iranian president is on session of the General Assembly of the United Nations on Thursday said that most people believe that the U.S. government responsible for terrorist attacks on New York and Washington. He said that generally U.S. officials believe that terrorists are behind the suicide bombings and airplane hijacking. Ahmadinejad also said the theory that some parts of the U.S. government orchestrated the attacks to start the fall of the U.S. economy and increased interest in the Middle East in order to preserve its Zionist regime. According to him, some people have supported the plan and take advantage of it. &quot;Most Americans, like most other people and politicians around the world, agrees with this statement.
 We are saddened by the death of 3,000 people who died in the attacks, but since then has killed hundreds of thousands of people, &quot;Ahmadinejad told the UN General Assembly in New York.&quot; Evin: Please dear ummah that Allah give more of these leaders were do they religious or political leaders! We lived 100 years Ahmadinejad! Muslim officials have their silence regarding the 1109 alone take responsibility for this terrorist act! Evin Newbie Posts: 22 Joined: 22 Sep 2010 23:44 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by samotnjak77 »25 Sep 2010 06:46 do not believe in some great essential hostility between the Islamic&#39;&#39; &#39;&#39;anti-Islamic Iran and the West. it&#39;s all a farce and a show for the ears and eyes of those who want to believe that Iran is dangerous for the world. from the Iranian revolution has been more than 30 years. for three decades,&#39;&#39;Death to America&#39;&#39;has become a phrase which is in Iran is pronounced as in America, saying ok, but nevertheless, still at each other hardly any shots that are fired.
 and what happened to one poor one, and already the foundations of demolished Afghanistan? suspicion - and immediately an epic attack and aggression, which is still ongoing. that will now rafidije say that America does not attack Iran because they tremble in fear before him :-) I am convinced that in the background of a completely different reason. Iran is a big time bomb is always ready to burst and cause extensive damage Sunnis (read Muslims) in the region, what would the U.S. know very much use. because the public only on each other cuts without any concrete steps, because a dog that growls, do not bite ... ps: besides, I think that the Iranian rafidije nothing against Arabic that exist in Iraq and the Arabian Peninsula. hatred towards these people Shuni is simply amazing. hardly can be physically felt while going through them apart. so no worries. Allah knows best, but as things stand, we still listen to Iranian American duuuuuuuuuuuuuugo verbal skirmishes with no concrete steps with anyone&#39;s side.
 (To end. Turkey is in the eyes of conscious and informed non-Muslim world, at least ten times more dangerous than Iran. Current events are the best proof) samotnjak77 Jr. Member Posts: 84 Joined: 30 Nov 2009 09:14 Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack &quot;by Suad» 25 Sep 2010 14:02 Topic is cleared. Each subsequent comment that goes beyond the policy will be deleted, and every post where you call each other names. Get serious! Suad Administrator Posts: 3622 Joined: 28 Dec 2006 04:12 Location: Location: &quot;Iran is so powerful that it no one should attack&quot; by Eve &quot;27 Sep 2010 22:53 samotnjak77 wrote: do not believe in some great essential enmity between the&#39;&#39;Islamic&#39;&#39;anti-Islamic Iran and the West. it&#39;s all a farce and a show for the ears and eyes of those who want to believe that Iran is dangerous for the world. from the Iranian revolution has been more than 30 years. [b] for three decades,&#39;&#39;Death to America&#39;&#39;has become a phrase that is spoken in Iran as in America, saying ok, but nevertheless, still at each other almost no shot they are not fired.
 Solitary, you seem to be just isolated so you do not have any access to information? What nonsense you Well done? West and Iran have never been fought? How can you izvalis to such nonsense? These causes apparent you&#39;ve never heard of Iran-Iraq war that began shortly after the Iranian revolution, overthrowing Pahlavijevog pro-Western regimes and the creation of the Islamic Republic of Iran? Who pushed Saddam into war, and promised him all possible support if you make war with Iran? This war lasted from 22 September 1980th until 20 August 1988th So for eight years. See these two links from one Scandinavian newspapers so that you will realize how much free to do Lupas: Use the Google translator to translate from Norwegian. http://www.vg.no/nyheter/utenriks/irak/ ... rtid = 49 480 http://www.vg.no/nyheter/utenriks/irak/ ... rtid = 49 473 weapons, financial assistance, intelligence, political support, a trained military personnel and more Saddam was received from the West only does this invade Iran.
 But thanks to Allah, the war ended with the defeat of Arab and Islamic states of Iran after the war emerged as a winner) samotnjak77 wrote: I am convinced that in the background of a completely different reason. Iran is a big time bomb is always ready to burst and cause extensive damage Sunnis (read Muslims) in the region. Well done again, nonsense. All too bad that you suffer sunniti there, have prepared themselves. When was the last time an American bomber flew from Iranian territory that his deadly cargo landed on the heads of some Muslims there? samotnjak77 wrote: hatred toward these people Shuni is simply amazing. hardly can be physically felt while going through them apart. Come on, we say to you right here and we will explain it as a hatred for different interpretations of Islam. But solitary, what about the hatred between Sunnis and Sunnis? How to explain? How do you explain that for example, Egyptian Sunnis threw grenades and poisonous gas in the tunnels that Palestinians izglednjeli) Sunnis) from Gaza to Egypt dig Dhabi bought a little food? Then after praising the Western media as they and what did.
 samotnjak77 wrote: Turkey is in the eyes of conscious and informed non-Muslim world, at least ten times more dangerous than Iran. current events are the best proof) mint that you mentioned Turkey! It is this our friendly countries is usually better friends with Iran. Does not even support sanctions, and to say publicly that the West brought Iran and the Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan himself Ahmedinejad called his brother)) Maybe Erdogan uninformed and does not know who they are and what are the Shiji)) Evin Newbie Posts: 22 Joined: 22 Sep 2010 23:44 Top Post a reply 62 posts • Page 2 of 5 • 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Return to Who is online Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guest
 