Photo. Cropix Related News Poll Results Poll Results Ivo Sanader of Croatia will be extradited: 59 visitors voted ballot back to the &quot;My departure is by no means related to the privatization of INA. And it is bound? Croatia has been blocked negotiations on EU membership for Slovenia. I was not willing to trade territory for EU membership, that&#39;s why I went, &quot;said the PM to Joseph Leki (SDP). He stressed that all members of his government and the HDZ leadership before deciding on changes of shareholders&#39; agreement between INA and MOL were familiar with all the essential elements. &quot;The moment when the government voted for me, the procedure is completed. I assume that all processes are then completed and all participants are informed and that everyone knows what to vote. Everything else is kindergarten,&quot; he said. &quot;All the elements essential for making decisions on shareholders&#39; agreement were presented and discussed at the Presidency of the HDZ, certainly several times,&quot; said Sanader HDZ member of the Commission Ani Lovrin.
 He noted that he could not remember exactly what it was all delivered before the members of the government decision, &quot;but no cabinet member who has full integrity can not vote for something that is not familiar.&quot; Sanader reiterated that the former Deputy Prime Minister and current Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor requested to participate in the negotiating process, before its completion, and refrain from comments to the fact that the government has denied that Kosor attended the meetings that are associated with the negotiation of the INA. He dismissed the speculation that the government on strategic decisions, even those associated with the INA, to decide on the telephone sessions, and that the government contract for gas business wanted to benefit the MOL that under favorable conditions may buy additional shares of INA. Sanader believes that the main reason for the return gas business of Croatia was due to gas crisis, caused by the interruption of supplies of Russian gas to Ukraine, and so the rest of Europe.
 &quot;Back in 2002. Or 2003. Should be thinking about the exemption from the gas business of INA and go into privatization without that part,&quot; said, adding that he has no knowledge of the annex to the treaty and calling for its publication. Disagreed with the assertion that opposition MPs for an initial bid by 7 percent of veterans and INA employees, and shares 15 percent of the government&#39;s portfolio, according to which the MOL gained nearly 48 per cent stake, has chosen the &quot;wrong timing&quot;. I do not accept, however, no opposition to the thesis that the disproportion in the management rights of shareholders came under modified contract in 2009. He agreed, however, with the attitude of Goran Maric (HDZ), the MOL&#39;s privatization under the first contract in 2003. gained greater control rights than it is a consequence of the ownership structure. As a reason for the HDZ, then in opposition, left the Parliament chamber during the vote on the privatization of INA, said precisely this attitude of his party, and that of the former government, he said, did not get any information on this process.
 &quot;I can not say that something illegal was going on then, but some things we know - we did not,&quot; he said. As an example of lack of transparency in the government of Ivica Racan in negotiations with MOL said that it was the government, he said, a legal adviser for the job chosen by direct agreement, therefore, without public tender, and one of these government meetings, 25 April 2002. was, he claims, then President Stjepan Mesic. On Marićev question why the government, when in 2008. became clear that the INA has a very poor business results, has not changed its Board members, he said, replied that it was the work of the Supervisory Board. Zlatko Koračević (HNS), Sanader said that the global economic crisis is largely considered the cause of poor business INA in 2008. And to request HNS sheep to express his opinion about the statement of Finance Minister Ivan Suker not attended any one session of the governmental Commission for Privatisation INA, he replied: &quot;It is essential that you have attitude, you commission.
 