Belarus (Belarusian language: Belarus - Belarus&#39;, Russian language: Belorussia - Belorussija) (official name: Republic of Belarus); countries in Eastern Europe, which stretches east from the Polish border with Russia. In the south it borders with Ukraine and on the northwest with Latvia and Lithuania. Belarus is located at the turn of the German-Polish in the east-European plain. Most of the lowland country with a temperate continental climate, which in economic terms favorable for the development of crop and livestock culture. Continental is the state, which means no access to sea, but is very well connected to river flows, especially from Ukraine and Russia. Victory Square in the capital Minsk Belarus has an old and culturally rich thousand-year history, but its state independence is relatively young. Throughout its history of Belarus is the state and cultural terms for a long time was tied with Ukraine in Kiev the Russians and the Polish-Lithuanian Union.
 Both countries then in the specific federation became known under the name of ruthenium and Rus &#39;in the local slaveniziranom form, and specifically in the case of Belarus - White Rus&#39;. After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. was stopped immigrating to the hitherto industrially and agriculturally the most developed Soviet republic. Severe economic crisis that hit the country began in the Soviet era and continues up the east Asian economic crisis until 1999. year. Drastic economic and political change comes 1994th when people are tired of the earlier privatization and poverty give the president only 10 percent of the vote, a leading authority on Alexander Lukashenko that privatized companies back under the aegis of the state. Since 1999. Belarus still recorded impressive economic growth that is moving from 9 to 10 percent a year. [1] However, I disliked the current President of the Republic of Belarus are going in the direction of charges that he led the country in general isolation, and state borders in Europe is still perceived political Closed Belarus, which holds in a sort of stagnation when it comes to European standards and their adoption.
 Content [change] Further article: History of Belarus History Belarus coat or regional emblem of the old Russian territory of Great Principality of Lithuania, and Rus&#39;i Samogitije in the 15th century, the territorial boundaries of federal Polish-Lithuanian state (1619.) drawn from the present boundaries of the state; █ █ █ █ Polish kingdom Prussian duchy, Polish vassal █ █ Grand Duchy of Lithuania Duchy of Courland █ █, █ █ associated vassal Livonia Slavs from the territory of Western Ukraine settled space present between 6 Belarus and 8 century. There are especially two East Slavic tribes and Dregoviči Radimiči, which also represent the ancestors of today&#39;s Russians. Former East Slavs encounter Varjazima and formed the first major country of Eastern Europe - Kievan Rus&#39;. Within these states were located and the principality whose center was in today&#39;s Belarusian cities like Polack.
 The wider area around the principality POLOCK in the northern part of present-day Belarus has appointed a White Rus&#39; by which the modern Belarus was named after the Russian Revolution. In the 13th century after the Mongol invasion in which Kiev as the main cultural and political center of Slavic Istočnh was destroyed to its foundations, Kievan Rus&#39; broke up into several principalities, and the principalities which were in Belarus, have entered into possession of the Great Principality of Lithuania along with the principalities with mediaeval Ukraine. By 15 century, the principality will rapidly expand into eastern Europe and include the area from the Baltic to the Black Sea. The country will most people do Belarusians and Ukrainians then known as Ruthenians, and the state itself is a time to wear the name of the Great Principality of Lithuania, Russia and Samogitije. In 1386th in Poland and Lithuania entered into a union which Ukrainian country constitute the Polish and Belarus remains a part of Lithuania.
 This also begins to create language and cultural differences between Russians and Ukrainians who had until the 16th precipirali century as a unified nation. In 1569th comes to political unification of the Polish and Lithuanian since that form the Polish-Lithuanian Union. After the uprising Zaporoških Cossacks mid-17th century, the Belarusians are short in the three nations and the federation then created large Russian principalities, which will in a measure to encourage self-determination and Belarus. It was in this period there is a kind of national thought of an independent Belarusian state modeled after the great Russian principality. The May Constitution of the 1791st (Considered the first modern European Constitution), Poland removes all previous divisions in the Principality and all united under the name Kingdom of Poland. But soon, but 1795th Russia, Prussia and Austria divided Poland among themselves, forcing the last Polish king Stanislaw August in the abdication.
 Belarus country entered into the Russian Empire, and there will remain until its dissolution 1917th year. [Edit] History of Belarus in the 20th century, during the First World War, the country was under German occupation. Belarusians were then for the first time declared its independence on 25 ožujka 1918th or shorter is generated Belarus National Republic. As a result of the occupation of the Red Army, 1 siječnja 1919th will be declared a Soviet Socialist Republic of Belarus or the Belarusian Soviet Socialist Republic), which will in December 1922nd formally enter into the composition of the USSR. Western Belarus, according to the agreement in Riga is given to Poland, and will be returned to her 1939th Hitler and Stalin agreed to divide Polish. Twentieth year of the twentieth century, in the rapid industrialization of developing countries and agriculture, but also to have the continuation of forced Russification.
 Tens of thousands of citizens of Belarus, including intelligence, cultural and literary elite, to the ordinary farmers who opposed the idea of Stalin&#39;s collectivization were sentenced to be shot or sent to prison in Siberia. From the beginning of World War II, Belarus was occupied by the forces of Nazi Germany, which will retain power until 1945. Huge part of the country was killed in the war together with a large part of the population was killed during the German invasion. The Jewish population was also destroyed during the Holocaust. It was only in 1971. Belarus reached the pre-war population, while the Jewish population has never recovered. After the war, Belarus was one of 51 founding signatories of the Charter of the United Nations. Reconstruction that followed immediately after the war, has brought tremendous progress in the USSR and in that time, the Ukraine, Belarus was the most developed industrial center of the USSR.
 Creating new jobs and stimulate the increase in the number of immigrants from Russia. During Stalin&#39;s reign, the Russification was very strong and at key places in Soviet Belarus were located exclusively Russians from various parts of the USSR. Official use of the Belarusian language, together with the Belarusian tradition was also restricted by the Moscow (although today the Belarusian Russian an official language of the country, nearly all use only the Russian language). Even after Stalin&#39;s death, 1953rd, his successor Nikita Khrushchev continued with the idea of Russification, and even once said in Minsk: &quot;As soon before we all speak Russian, before we build communism.&quot; When the 26th April 1986. an explosion at a nuclear power plant near the city of Chernobyl in neighboring Ukraine, Belarus suffered tremendous damage, because the radiation from the Ukrainian-Belarusian border spread right across its territory.
 At the time Mikhail Gorbachev launched perestroika, and in December of that same 1986th Belarusian citizens were handed over to him a petition in which they stated that their culture and traditions disappearing before their enforced Russification. This event is among historians remembered as a &quot;cultural Chernobyl&quot;. In July 1988th, was found in a mass grave from the time of Stalin&#39;s reign of terror in a wooded area Kurapati. Some believe that the tomb of the key evidence of the intentions of the Soviet government thought-out genocide against the Belarusian people (like the Ukrainian is Gladomorom). Belarusians they declared independence from the Soviet Union on 27 July 1990. and the Republic of Belarus is internationally recognized as the 25th August 1991. year. It was at that time the head of the Belarusian Parliament or the Supreme Soviet of Belarus (then the most powerful office in the country) came Stanislav Šuškevič. Šuškevič together with the then new president of Russia Boris Yeltsin and Ukraine&#39;s Leonid Kravčukom meeting in December 1991.
 and officially released the collapse of the Soviet Union and the establishment of a new Commonwealth of Independent States with headquarters in Minsk. Since 1994. head of state is the current President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko who is alleged by human rights organization Human Rights Watch, the last European dictator who violated human rights, interfere with the freedom and independence of the media, makes direct censorship of the press, imprisoned political opponents, and prevents the development of democracy and pluralism. When it comes to human rights situation in Belarus since 2005. he began to improve, when the initiative of Ukraine and positive lobbying of former President Viktor Yushchenko, Belarus acceded to the Eastern Partnership which Belarusians were found in lesser political and social isolation, and opposition political activists from Belarus to something smaller civil sanctions. [Edit] The historical symbolism of Historical flags of Belarus flag, red-white-and-white coat called &quot;Pagonja&quot; originally the symbol of the Great Principality of Lithuania, and later they were symbols of the People&#39;s Republic of Belarus from 1918.
 Although during the Soviet symbolism was prohibited, was used among the Belarusian Diaspora. Shortly before the collapse of the Soviet Union, the symbolism of the Belarusian national revival took to the first years of independence flag and coat of arms was officially recognized as symbolic of independent Belarus. Came to power, Alexander Lukashenko returned the old Soviet flag is almost unchanged and emblem (coat of arms BSSR The only difference is replaced by sickle and hammer in the outline of Belarus and the inscription on the tape BSSR was changed to the Republic of Belarus), and the old tricolor and Pagonja become symbols of democracy and against the current ruling regime Alexander Lukashenko. [Edit] General information [edit] Administrative divisions Further article: Administrative divisions of Belarus largest units are the administrative divisions of Belarus field (Blr: Voblasts), Belarus consists of six areas of the city of Minsk, which has a special status as the center of Minsk oblast .
  February 2008 .. Recognized by 67 member states of the UN (April 2010). 3) We fully in Asia, but has social and political ties with Europe 4) Has a dependent or similar territories outside Europe 5) recognized by Russia and Nicaragua v • d • e the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) Member States Armenia • Azerbaijan • Belarus • Kazakhstan • Kyrgyzstan • Moldova • Russia • Tajikistan • Ukraine • Uzbekistan Associate members of Turkmenistan v • d • Eurasian Economic Community of Belarus • Kazakhstan • Kyrgyzstan • Russia • Tajikistan • Uzbekistan Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bjelorusija&quot; Category: Belarus
 