And who cares now in Slovenia it was the most boring match of the tournament and they opened the door Algerian Ghezzal victory thoughtless skupivši two yellow kartrona ... Koren scored the 200th goal - we were nervous, in a spasm, but we played like a real team. Responsibly, wisely and patiently-told Slovenian Matjaz Kek menu. And when you have already mentioned artistic impression, Kek has a ready answer: - Well we know that we are not Brazil. What next? Nothing, we are going to Johannesburg for a beer and tomorrow we begin preparations for the next match with the Americans. Robert Koren, a player without a club (until yesterday WBA), scored the winning goal, 200 in the history of the Slovenian national team. It was a gift of Algerian goalkeeper after hitting a 20-meters. The legs were heavy - our legs were not easy, not nearly as nekidan in Maribor against New Zealand. This is due to altitude, but also the importance of the match - said Valter Birsa.
 Algerians, who is the ceremonial lodge urging the Zinedine Zidane, have remained sketchy, with no real chances. The atmosphere in their selection is severely impaired after the captain Mansour moved to the bench. He even announced that he will therefore leave the World Cup. Demoralized Algerians will most likely be the last in the group, and Slovenes are now wide open door of the second round. The decisive battle will be with the Americans. Pahor: We are small, but we proved that we have a big heart! Big fan of the Slovenian national team, the prime minister Borut Pahor, expressly sent congratulations to the national heroes. &quot;Bravo for an epic victory! We are a small nation, yet we proved that we have a big heart. This is just the beginning, &quot;says the congratulatory Pahorovoj Kekovoj team. Slovenians are Polokwaneu in the audience were in a subordinate position. The discussion was ten thousand Algerians since the Algerian government paid for students from all three matches in the group and accommodation, while other supporters provide tickets at half price.
 Slovenes was vociferously supported their spirits around a thousand fans. Rank Group C: Slovenia 3, England 1, USA 1, Algeria 0th
 