How are you British liberals on Saturday night eagerly awaiting the completion of voting and the announcement of new party leaders who will succeed Gordon Brown, the most impatient person among them was Marion Kozak. And it was not important who will win - just that the elections finally come to an end. Older and uštogljeniji Marion is the mother of Ed and David Miliband, the two major candidates for the position of president of the British Labour Party, which has in recent months, experiencing emotionally the hardest moments of his life. Two brothers, both former cabinet ministers Gordon Brown, the full four months of attacking each other in public to get the votes of his party colleagues. Her sense of responsibility and guilt for this agonizing situation is further exacerbated by the fact that she was persuaded Ed to his brother four years older oppose a rival. - Mother of this campaign will certainly watch with a mixture of pride, concern and confusion - in mid-May, said David Miliband After learning that his younger brother plans to run.
 Although they were both at the time claimed that their brotherly love is more important than his political career and that elections will not change their attitude, the reality was quite different. The brothers were in the past few months, much moved away from one another. At the beginning it was clear that they will prevail in the race for Labour&#39;s new leader bring nuances. While the older David typical uptight Englishman perfect education and virtually unstoppable political ambitions, his four years younger brother Ed is somewhat different. He is one of the architects of the New laburizma, of which, analysts say, largely responsible for the disastrous defeat of the Labour Party in recent elections. Ed Miliband has a slightly different understanding of family life from his older brother, who is often seen as members of Blair&#39;s Labor Party faction. Ed namely for the past five years living in cohabitation with the attorney Justine Thornton, with whom he expects a second child.
 Because of these differences is their mother and proposed to her younger son to run in the inter-party elections. Proposed, and regretted it. Sick to her election - The whole process of Marion Kozak was extremely stressful, it was obvious that he feels guilty about the relationship between two brothers who were all cold and odbojniji. So her whole thing is sick that she decided not to watch the annual election meeting and the publication of results - say her acquaintances for the Daily Mail. Although the survey saying that they could win on Saturday over David happened, directs otherwise. With the advantage of only half a percent of the vote became the new leader of Labour&#39;s Ed. Embrace the brothers was a cold, almost to protocol, and now the new Marion Kozak, a much harder task than ever. We must rebuild a broken family with a quarterly campaign.
 