Bon Jovi with the hits compilation &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; conquered the charts all over the world, and is located at the very top of the European billboard charts. The album includes hits from the band back 3 decades and the latest hit single &quot;What Do You Got?&quot; Which has become the fastest growing radio single in the history of the band. Already in the first week album sales surpassed the hit album of 1994. entitled &quot;Cross Road&quot;, which is still sold worldwide 21.5 million copies, which further confirms the status of Bon Jovi as one of the world&#39;s biggest rock bands. The album &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; debuted in the Top 5 in over 20 countries around the world-Britain, Germany, Norway, Spain, Switzerland, Austria, Netherlands, New Zealand, Argentina and Korea, Japan, Mexico, including the United States. The spectacular success of the album is a fantastic introduction to major world tour that the band started in the UK has staged an amazing concert spectacle.
 In the week the release of Bon Jovi concert held in New York for the &quot;Best Buy Theatre&quot; which was broadcast to millions of people who could broadcast live via YouTube. The band is to promote the album appeared in world famous talk show&#39;s such as CBS&#39;s &quot;The Late Show with David Letterman&quot;, NBC-ev &quot;The Today Show&quot; and A &amp; E&#39;s &quot;Private Sessions&quot;. The band&#39;s last album &quot;The Circle&quot; is their eleventh album, and last November also reached top spot on the charts in numerous countries. After releasing the album the band embarked on a major world tour by Billboard and Pollstar named best tour in the first half of 2010. year. After a series of sold-out concerts iconic band has announced further concerts in the U.S., Canada and Europe. The tour, &quot;Bon Jovi 2011 Tour&quot; which promotes AEG Live begins in North America in February 2011. Year. European tour which will visit 24 European cities, Bon Jovi begins precisely in Zagreb.
 The concert will be held on 8 June 2011 at the Maksimir Stadium. Guest band Bon Jovi has sparked great interest from a good rock and the Golden Circle tickets for sold out just ten days after the start of the regular sales. Get ready for the biggest stadium spectacle 2011 hurry up and get their tickets you can buy at any authorized retail outlets and on the debit www.eventim.hr. European Tour 8th June Maksimir Stadium, Zagreb, Croatia 10th June Ostragehege, Dresden, Germany 12th June Olympic Stadium, Munich, Germany 15th June Ullevaal Stadium, Oslo, Norway 17th June Olympic Stadium, Helsinki, Finland 19th June Horsens Stadium, Horsens, Denmark 22nd June Murrayfield Stadium, Edinburgh, UK 24th June Old Trafford Cricket Ground, Manchester, UK 25th June Hard Rock Calling, Hyde Park, London, UK 29th June RDS Arena, Dublin, Ireland 30th June RDS Arena, Dublin, Ireland 8th
 July Kazlicesme Festival Site, Istanbul, Turkey 10th July Piata Constitutiei, Bucharest, Romania 13th July Esprit Arena, Dusseldorf, Germany 14th July Letzigrund Stadium, Zurich, Switzerland 16th July Maimarktgelände, Mannheim, Germany 17th July Stadio Frilui, Udine, Italy 20th July Olympic Stadium, Athens, Greece 22nd July Ernst Happel Stadium, Vienna, Austria 24th July Zeebrugge Beach, Bruges, Belgium 27th July Estadio Olympico, Barcelona, Spain 29th July Estadio Anoeta, San Sebastian, Spain 31st Parque De Belavista July, Lisbon, Portugal Lupa Promotion CELEBRATES 5th BIRTHDAY!! In 2011. year we are celebrating 5 years of successful business and this is when we repay our loyal visitors of concerts: all tickets for projects which will be held next year we give 10% discount if you buy in our office (Drniška 22, Zagreb)
 