Two years after the bloody conflict in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Sheri Fink, an activist and an American medical student at Stanford University, sent to Sarajevo for a conference on war medicine. Fascinated by the testimonies of the field hospital of Srebrenica, the next 5 years devoted to the study was furious at a frightening test of endurance by a handful of hospital medical staff made a reality of war psychosis. Sabravši his research into award-winning book War Hospital (War Hospital: A True Story of Surgery and Survival), Fink continued to deal with health and humanitarian issues in crisis zones from Kosovo to Iraq, the twilight of investigative journalism in the U.S.: in spite of his privileged position in words , Survey of the University of Arizona in 2005. year showed that 37 percent of the 100 largest editorial staff has no permanent investigative reporters, and only 10 percent of them have 4 or more, until her attention is not fully caught the story about the alleged euthanasia of patients at one hospital that neworleanškoj after Hurricane Katrina 2005th
 The other isolated. With the help of Kaiser Foundation Scholarship, Fink is the results of his fieldwork in 2007. offered to the daily The New York Times, but was rejected due to the cost estimate for further cooperation. Fink is not made conscious, but after employment in the newly founded non-profit journalism organization ProPublica continued to work. Soon, he struggled for financial and logistical support both the newsroom and in summer 2009. was published by many the most complete chronology of events that led to the death of at least 18 patients. Her article Deadly decisions in the Memorial Center (Deadly Choices at Memorial) was awarded last month, the Pulitzer for investigative reporting through foresight committee for the award, which recognized the trend of hybridization of traditional and new media, and it saw the possibility of a socially engaged revitalize investigative journalism, the most endangered species journalistic expression in the United States.
 The crisis of journalism in the U.S. immediate crisis has been diagnosed with business models. Much of the traditional media editorial in the American media landscape is owned by corporations and conglomerates, whose profits and stock prices fall cut of advertising revenue, reduced circulation, viewers and listeners, and debts incurred thoughtless acquisitions. For content that many media outlets, particularly newspapers, initially offered for free on their website Embracing the idea of free flow of information and hoping for revenue from online advertising, it is now frantically trying to find ways of billing, any digital subscription, readers, or micro-payments business-to -business agreements dividing net profit from advertising to other web services that use their copyrighted works. Business in the red is a newsroom chased into bankruptcy, while most go through a thorough restructuring in which the reduced number of staff and space for news content, pulled aside and washintgonski correspondents, and cut the costs of covering local events and investment in investigative journalism.
 Despite the declarative privileged position of reporting the research in American journals, surveys at the University of Arizona in 2005. year showed that 37 percent of the 100 largest editorial staff has no permanent investigative reporters, and only 10 percent of them have 4 or more. Concern that consensus on the applicability of the non-profit model on a broader scale of American journalism does not exist, but some experts believe that a combination of philanthropic dollars, and various forms of government and legal aid could be life-saving for the future of independent journalism in the U.S. ukomercijalni pressure forcing American newsrooms to renounce their watchdog function denunciations deviation of state and public bodies and their representatives from the moral and legal standards and are ignored events in small communities, has prompted a number of journalists, often the collateral victims of the recession, that the experimental media projects and alternative business models serve the public interest to local audiences.
 Among the most ambitious non-profit investigative newsroom at the national level is certainly mentioned ProPublica, which was begun in January 2008. years and currently employs 32 journalists who were alone or in conjunction with traditional media, such as Sheri Fink, in 2009. The published 138 articles. Each of them was released almost simultaneously on ProPublica&#39;s website and media partners (among which one ProPublica USATODAY, CNN, The Los Angeles Times and others) free of charge and available for future use under the CreativeCommons license. Such an unusual approach to publishing ProPublica has enabled the status of a non-profit organization that costs your business needs are met solely from the annual budget of 10 million U.S. dollars donation charitable foundations and individual donors. Even two thirds of that amount is intended solely funding of journalistic work while the leading U.S. dailies, for comparison, the news production accounts for about 15 percent of total costs.
 However, relying almost exclusively on the generosity of benefactors, not only requires much time and effort, but brings into question the sustainability of the nonprofit model. According to estimates by J-Lab at American University, philanthropists are the 2005th and 2009. The nonprofit journalism in the newsroom (not including public broadcasters) have invested 141 million dollars, which account for only 0.05 per cent from 307 billion in charitable donated only in 2008. year. Almost half of the donations ended up in the accounts of major departments which deal with investigative reporting, among which, along with ProPublica, include the Center for Investigative Reporting and the Center for Public Integrity. ProPublica its patrons found in Herb and Marion Sandler, businessmen who, after selling its savings and loan corporations 2006th was contacted by Paul Steiger, the Wall Street Journal editor and now editor in chief and director of ProPublica, in order to help them manager Dick Tofel and editor Paul Steiger, the chief creators of success ProPublicenaći investigative journalism project that would help.
 After they Steiger presented a proposal for the establishment of ProPublica, Sandler, along with a number of smaller donors to obtain a permanent obligation to fund the newsroom with a maximum of 10 million U.S. dollars annually, provided that it leads I Steiger. Although the budget ProPublica already looks impressive, Steiger plans to broaden the base of individual donors to finance ProPublica did more like public financing (also a nonprofit), the American media, and avoid the possibility of receiving government grants, according to which Americans are proverbially suspicious. In addition to the sustainability of funding models, and how the budget allocation has become the subject of criticism after it was announced that the Steiger paid for 2008. year totaled $ 570,000. When we add the salary of the executive editor and secretary and treasurer, it turns out that only three of the leading people ProPublica koštali15 percent of the budget for that year. Although this case is not unique, critics wonder how many would be jobs for journalists and thousands of articles could be financed by going into the pockets rukovoditeljstva nonprofit newsroom.
 Although the U.S. law ProPublica as a non-profit organization allowed to lobby or express support for political candidates, its proclaimed ideological impartiality was brought into question due to the fact that donors tend to invest in their own areas of interest. In fact, Sandler are liberals who have for years helped finance the Democratic Party, and even entered a conflict with journalists, Steiger no assurance that the governing board, which is a member of the Herb Sandler, has no influence over the choice of topics to be explored, but to see the articles just as publication, and although they were allowed to propose their own stories, I can only do so through the editorial to reporters therefore were spared any pressure from the board. The web site ProPublica therefore there is no section for comments, or column, and the financial statements have, in the spirit of transparency and kredibileta, fully accessible for inspection.
 The consensus on the applicability of the non-profit model on a broader scale of American journalism does not exist, but some experts believe that a combination of philanthropic dollars, and various forms of government and legal aid could be life-saving for the future of independent journalism in the United States.
 