German retail chain store DM in many ways is different from today&#39;s liberalnokapitalističkih companies: Treasurer salary range 6500-7000 kuna, receive 14 paid four times a year get a gift package with products Drogerie Markt (DM). And just when it seemed that the company reached the ceiling in the implementation of &quot;capitalism with a human face&quot;, the world was left stunned by the news new: Götz Werner, owner of DM, he renounced his wealth and the overall share of the property .. German retail chain store DM in many ways is different from today&#39;s liberalnokapitalističkih companies: Treasurer salary range 6500-7000 kuna, receive 14 paid four times a year get a gift package with products Drogerie Markt (DM). And just when it seemed that the company reached the ceiling in the implementation of &quot;capitalism with a human face&quot;, the world was left stunned by the news new: Götz Werner, owner of DM, he renounced his wealth and the overall share of the property donated to a charity Foundation! Time has confirmed what many who know him say - Götz Werner is a very strange man, so it&#39;s no wonder that his company and such.
 He himself confirmed the words: &quot;There is no shame to become rich, but a disgrace to die rich.&quot; Reactive response to Bill Gates. It is estimated that the value of its assets exceed one billion euros, which in case of death succeeded by his seven children. Since then, however, will be nothing. However, children are provided quality education and give them the foundation to become rich themselves .- Children have the right to a good start in life, but not that their parents provide lifelong well-being - the word that is Werner explained his unusual odluku.Većina rich in a world that has abandoned its money, as recently demonstrated, and poor response to the invitation of U.S. billionaires Bill Gates and Warren Buffett. They are, in fact, ten days ago sent a public invitation to the rich world to give up half his wealth to the benefit of charitable organizacija.Međutim, most of them refused the invitation anyway justifying that often donate considerable sums to charity.
 The reason is, some experts believe, though a bit more realistic: a global recession that scared even the richest ones. Successful in a recession by insisting on more than a decent wage and labor rights for all its employees, and now the renunciation of wealth, Werner has proved that companies with happy employees efficiently. DM, in fact, one of the few companies where the income in a recession have not been reduced but even increased. Werner: Every man is the basic salary of 1000 euros Götz Werner (66) is a professor of entrepreneurship at the Institute of Technology in Karlsruhe, a coauthor of the book &quot;1000 euros for everyone,&quot; which advocates that every citizen receives a basic income of 1000 euros because it contributes to the liberation of man. He criticized the new system of social assistance in Germany, at which combines support for long-term unemployed and aid to the poor, calling it &quot;a prison for sleeping at home.&quot;
 According to Werner is a violation of human rights (Kliker.info Morning-list) Posted by Haler at 05:18, 0 komentar (a), print, #
 