Last year, celebrating its hundredth birthday, odavane Her honors and awards, because not only was helping fellow citizens, along with her husband, it belongs to the merits and that the world is later introduced to &quot;The Diary of Anne Frank&quot; who know the most magnificent monument mark Holocaust casualties Jews at the time of Hitler&#39;s regime. The monument is of marble, but it is a book in which he described hiding in the building in Amsterdam who had access to only the most reliable friends of the family Frank. &quot;The Diary of Anne Frank&quot; is one of the most translated books and issuable in the last hundred years. It emerged from the diary of Anne Frank records left by the postwar generations, describing the atmosphere of illegal family life, and thinking about many issues of human life and the Jewish people. Ms. Miep Gies, was born in Vienna as Hermine Santrouschitz l909., On the occasion of his hundredth birthday, she said, when they are surprised by her courage: &quot;I was the heroine ...
 to help citizens in need is not a matter of courage, but must make a choice that each person choosing between good and evil. &quot;Fourth of August l944. Franko, including Anne, were deported to concentration camps, Anne Frank died of typhus shortly before his l6. birthday, in Camp Bergen Belsen. Miep Gies, though itself in danger, she managed to escape from a house in Amsterdam since the arrest Frankovih was present and one member of the Austrian SS, which enabled her to escape hearing how a young woman with a German-speaking Viennese dialect. The same afternoon, she returned to the house, where he found the diary and Annie, who surrendered after the war, Otto Frank, Anna&#39;s father, the sole survivor of the Frank family. The diary was found many readers in the world, entered the school required reading in many countries, including Croatia. - This diary is witnessing a historical document, as well as part of the anti-fascist heritage.
 His memories of helping the family Frank Miep Gies has published the book &quot;Meine Zeit mit Anne Frank&quot; (My time with Anne Frank), l987. Hermine Santrouschitz in a program to help hungry children arrived in Leiden from Vienna, where he admitted to a Dutch family, the 1922nd moved to Amsterdam. Then gets its nickname Miep replacing her name. Good angel of the family Frank was employed in a subsidiary company OPEKTA (a secretary) is l933., Since it is developed and friendship with Otto Frank, his wife, Edit, and their two daughters Anne and Margot. In 1941. had to return to Vienna, but then she married the Dutchman Jan Gies. Until the retirement home, in good health, she lived as the last living person who personally knew Anne Frank, in response to the letters that she arrived with the various parts of the world, usually after reading the &quot;Diary of Anne Frank&quot;. Among the six medals Miep Gies is also recognition of the International Astronomical Union has decided that an asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter called &quot;Miepgies.
 The soul of this noble woman with a &quot;crown of good name&quot; (Talmud) that will find its space habitat. It is noteworthy its human endeavor, because although it is not saved by his fellow death, showed courage, without turning the face of the persecuted, rather than providing them with arms. In the home for old people she used to say that not a day goes by, and not to remember time spent with the Frank family, especially to Anna.
 