While the founder of Wikileaks, Julian Assange, in London expected to be detained extradition Sweden, where the authorities charged with the alleged rape, the information from hundreds of thousands of secret U.S. diplomatic memo girls with the same intensity as in previous weeks. The U.S. government, eager to stop WikiLeaksov seemingly inexhaustible source, required by law by which it could prosecute a Assange. Some politicians are apologizing to each other, ashamed of having their private - a diplomatic unsuitable - opinions on international partners due to the light of day. Others, however, may sour the press about his own gaffes, which is revealed by Wikileaks, refusing any comment. Worldwide, water is controversy about whether the Assange criminal or hero, can you believe everything you read, whether the submission of certain dispatches threaten international diplomatic relations and human lives, and what secrets must never become public.
 From the rumors of wars: a brief history of Wikileaks Wikileaks there&#39;s already three years. Its creator is Julian Assange, an Australian citizen with a myriad of international addresses. So far, Wikileaks, inter alia, has published tens of thousands of secret military reports on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the protocols of the prison at Guantanamo Bay and the contents of personal e-mail to the American presidential candidate Sarah Palin. In April, Wikileaks has stirred the public by publishing a video that shows how American soldiers from a helicopter killing Iraqis on Baghdad&#39;s streets 2007th American intelligence analysts, 23-three-year soldier Bradley Manning, currently in detention for copying and posting this footage as 90.000, and secret documents about the war in Afghanistan. The last &quot;bomb&quot; in the war for freedom of information Assange threw in late November, when Wikileaks published a new package of about 250,000 letters from U.S. embassies around the world.
 Thus, the public, among other things, found out that the U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton spied on UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and wrote that Saudi Arabia is the world&#39;s largest financier of Islamic terrorist organizations like Taliban and Lashkar-e-Taiba. Are published and information that Saudi Arabia asked the U.S. to bomb Iran, and Iran reportedly financed a number of military and religious leaders from Afghanistan and the Taliban trained soldiers. A former Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd (now foreign minister) was reportedly advised Clinton to use force against China in the event that this country is keen to integrate into the international community. Besides the dispatch of international importance, found himself and some kuloarski gossip, with world statesmen of the lead roles. If you believe the letters, the German Chancellor Angela Merkel&#39;s &quot;Teflon&quot; politician who avoids conflict, French President Nicolas Sarkozy and hyperactive impulsive autocrat, and Russian President Vladimir Putin at the head mobster mafia state &quot;, which develops dubious private business with a close friend, Italian President Silvio Berlusconi, fans of &quot;wild party&quot;.
 Truth and its new addition to dispatch broadcasters originally published on Wikileaks - of which were later reported media outlets around the world - this organization has enabled the exclusive publication of certain documents selected newspapers such as the American New York Times, the English Guardian, Der Spiegel German, Spanish El Pais and, more recently, Australia&#39;s The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald. While the controversy related to whether and in what way should Assange a legally prevented from future publication of classified documents, the question is whether the authors of the text in the above newspaper houses and their editors also be prosecuted and on what basis. While the controversy related to whether and in what way should Assange a legally prevented from future publication of classified documents, the question is whether the authors of articles in selected newspapers which WikiLeaks has enabled the exclusive publication of certain documents such as the American New York Times , English Guardian, Der Spiegel German, Spanish El Pais and, more recently, Australian The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald, and their editors also be prosecuted and on what basis.
 If for a moment leave aside debates about the content of secret dispatches and disturbance of national security, the fact that investigative journalists working for decades what Wikileaks working today. Information that is Assange received from his sources are electronic versions of &quot;brown envelopes&quot;. Journalists around the world for decades, received secret documents from various sources, including diplomatic, to disclose sometimes suspicious of government actions in their countries and allow citizens to be better informed about the actions of their political representatives. More readers for the first time he learned about the contents of secret memos from the traditional media rather than directly from the Wikileaks website. The existence of this site, however, allowed the dissemination of information but also retreated behind a series of ethical, legal and journalistic issues. Before he was arrested in London, Assange wrote a column for the Australian daily The Australian, in which he explained that the idea which founded the organization use the Internet to &quot;a new way of reporting the truth.&quot; &quot;We cooperate with other media organizations to introduce people news, but also to prove that they are true.
 Scientific Journalism allows you to read the news, then that online find the original document on which the news is based. So you can conclude yourself: Is the story true? Is the reporter properly convey the news? &quot;When asked whether they really all the information contained in the dispatches are true - including some of sočnijih gossip about world leaders - it is impossible to answer because statesmen refused comment. Certain information is revealed Wikileaks - such as the Iraqi video footage - apparently of public interest. It is much harder, however, justify the publication of the names of NATO informant in Afghanistan, which, according to U.S. authorities, has increased the risk to kill the Taliban. No Assange claims that the Pentagon said that there is no evidence that the Wikileaks&#39;s statements threaten anyone&#39;s life in Afghanistan, while NATO in Kabul confirmed that the same CNN. Who is, and why, to blame? While it is manifestly illegal that a civil servant is authorized to possess the same secret documents before Wikileaks, it is unclear why it is illegal to disclose these documents to Wikileaks.
 U.S. authorities are still guessing what kind of criminal charges filed against Assange a while busily trying to stop the international flow of classified documents. Since 1917., According to U.S. law on espionage, it is unlawful to &quot;willfully communicate&quot; secret government information that might endanger national security. However, U.S. authorities have traditionally been respected the first amendment to its Constitution, which guaranteed the freedom of speech and press, although it is unclear whether the U.S. Justice Assange considered a journalist. U.S. Attorney Eric Holder referred to the possibility that an Australian citizen prosecuted for espionage - a crime for which the maximum penalty of death - or at least possession of stolen items. The fact that the U.S. justice authorities are still unable to say precisely what kind of alleged crime in order to indicate that both they, and the world&#39;s diplomats, found in grapes in the affair nebranom Wikileaks.
 Since 1917., According to U.S. law on espionage, it is unlawful to &quot;willfully communicate&quot; secret government information that might endanger national security. However, U.S. authorities have been traditionally respected the first amendment to its Constitution, which guaranteed the freedom of speech and press, although it is unclear whether the U.S. Justice Assange considered a journalist. U.S. Supreme Court said that &quot;innocent recipient of illegal information&quot; generally protected if the same publication. Assange If you can prove that he did not ask - just got - the secret information from their sources, the law is &quot;clear&quot;. An additional complication is the possibility of the U.S. investigation that Assange extradited from England Sweden amid allegations of rape in the territory of that country. If the United States in the future, sought his extradition to America for the criminal acts of espionage, Sweden would not agree. Nils Rekke, the head of the legal department of the Swedish prosecutors said at a press conference in Stockholm that the crimes of political or military nature is excluded from the US-Swedish agreement on extradition.
 He added that any request for extradition must be based on solid evidence and that the crime for which the accused is charged must also be punishable under Swedish law. Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard also said that the &quot;cornerstone&quot; Assange&#39;s work &quot;unlawful act&quot;, but this claim has not been able to clarify. Australian Justice Minister Robert McClelland even before Assange&#39;s arrest and said that Australian authorities are investigating the possibility of filing criminal charges against its own nationals. Political reality Many political commentators in the Western press claiming that the affair Wikileaks will change absolutely nothing in international political relations. &quot;Unsuitable&quot; dispatch has always been and will be, say, remains to be seen whether any diplomat - or even a politician - to lose the function of the shameful secret memo. And when that source dries up, incidents like the affair Wikileaks will continue to occur periodically through electronic intrusions.
 Because there is always someone somewhere has access to some secret information. All you need is another source such as soldiers Manning and another publisher, like a Assange. In Australia, for example, recently published a series of dispatches U.S. embassy nearly disastrous for the political survival of the Foreign Affairs Minister Kevin Rudd&#39;s, and that talk about his (un) diplomatic behavior at the time was a state minister. Rudd, presented the letters as an arrogant autocrat, Australian media said that it was &quot;frankly, not care&quot; for these allegations, while the Prime Minister Gillard, Mrs. Clinton and the new U.S. ambassador to Australia, Jeff Bleich rushed to praise him as a skilled statesman. It is possible that, at least in the short term, diplomats will not be so honest in secret correspondence as they were before. It is also possible that, at least in the short term, U.S. agencies to be cautious when sharing information with other countries.
 It remains to be seen whether the United States to do anything to change its rules on access to secret information, according to the documents to Wikileaks in a soldier allegedly gave Manning legally could see at least a million U.S. government employees. One thing is for sure. Regardless of the possible criminal charges against a Assange, Wikileaks will continue to operate. &quot;We went up to number 301 and there are 250.000 Confidential memos,&quot; Assange&#39;s lawyer Mark Stephens told reporters in London. And when that source dries up, incidents like the affair Wikileaks will continue to occur periodically through electronic intrusions. Because there is always someone somewhere has access to some secret information. All you need is another source such as soldiers Manning and another publisher, like a Assange. Selma Milovanovic is a journalist with the Australian daily The Age.
 