It is not easy to fill up an alternative club in the summer months, so this is at the very beginning of a huge success, and also proof that Zagrebaèka uopæe extreme alternatives exist. Needless to mention it again, but just can not pre ¹ utjeti: the first band in Zagreb never looks for some, unfortunately for you, you insulted a particular rule that is broken or you do not deserve you Uje veæeg attention of the audience. Therefore, effort and investment of a band is less important than still add one extra beer or EA ¹ s bamboo. Here you no. The first mail to fall into your eyes upon entering the premises of the club&#39;s merchandise, rich, high quality and attractive (yet another indicator of effort ¹ bands). Soon begins Kvelertak, my surprise No. 1 this year. Their selftitled album is not really mail to new and innovative on the world stage and you deserve by each step. Energetic performance still add a wonderful impression of the contributions, that is me, I think, dividers majority of visitors.
 Decent time playing surprising because this is a very young band that still assigned on the three greats, and is the only one from Europe, more precisely, from Norway ¹ ka, but it&#39;s just praise the facts. Kvelertak presented no mail to new, interesting, a lot of crossover ¾ genres, rock, punk, metal, hardcore. Gaza is still a band to listen to at home or on the road, completely alone when we may let the music and atmosphere to allow her to take us. Kak Anyway, Gaza is a really Great work ceased, conditional on ¾ bano and cardiovascular. Fewer people showed interest in this band than for the other three the phone to an interesting consequence of access to music that occupies Gaza. Dark sides and the dark tones and shrill inarticulate vocals are the main characteristics of this band, a certain number of people I did not like it, so they began to leave the hall ¹ dad. Yet it is an extremely ¾ genre and performance, so it is one you do not nijeg ear may blame. The third consecutive appearance Kylesa.
 This is a band full of interesting things to watch: two drummers, Excellent condi ¾ bana ¾ and female vocals, ¹ it is extremely unusual for this kind of music, and is also still add the lead guitar. This, of course, has nothing to do with anything to form ¹ chauvinism or of something of similar, but in some, and the other types of music with this izjednaèavalo instatnim success, while at Kyles success firmly support excellent, interesting music, beautiful design and complete karma. Opening performance hit, and keep you alas intensity until the very end, without weariness, and without error ¹ ke. Perfectly played exactly ¹ ¹ particular I accompanied dinamiènog movement on stage, so I think that Kylesa may quite reasonably be headliner at one of the following tour, which will come with us to the next about 15 years. About Convergeu I will not talk much, everyone who knows this band knows how to look, and their performances - vigorously, and the dedication you ivljeno to the second last song.
 Bannon is definitely one of the best performing live vocals I&#39;ve looked into ¾ ivo. Movements, grimacing, jumping, communication with the audience - these are all reasons that are heated mass forced to mosh, pogo or simple singalong, creating true energy of hardcore, which was much needed Zagreb&#39;s fans. However I will Klub make tonco or someone who was responsible for the sound Convergea because the whole time no mail to be broken: Bannonov microphone, microphone, guitar, etc. You may all still more difficult by mail pagi, of course, far from it uopæe possible, So really no complaints, but it must be mentioned. All in all, a very nice evening, full of positive energy and bona fide music. Poveæi number of tickets sold is guaranteed and it is a sign that interest in these events in Zagreb there, and certainly a great encouragement to the organizers who have previously premi ¹ ljali! Add this article to you or any of these other ¹ s social network and Related articles Comments (0) Comment
 