Anne Chapman&#39;s 28-year-old businesswoman, whose photos from Facebook released after the recent scandal, after which the U.S. was arrested with ten other alleged Russian spies. However, this is a spy among the ten noted for its beauty and red hair, so the media started calling her a fatal fire a mysterious spy. On it is written in the British media who reported that five years living in London and was married to British citizens. Now it appeared in the media and Britain&#39;s Alex Chapman who claims he was her husband who was with Anna is still in contact. He says that Anne met in London at a rave party, and were married five months later, 2002. year, because he fell in love with &#39;the most beautiful girl he&#39;s ever seen. &quot; - She was also extremely intelligent, had a 162 IQ, you would see, because she was able to deal with many things simultaneously and successfully - the story of Chapman.
 He also says he is not surprised by her arrest because his ex-wife said that her father had a high rank in the KGB. It is, says Alex Chapman for the Telegraph, in the four years of marriage became more distant and mysterious all. I started to hang out with a very rich and powerful people, and even go to film premieres, he returned to his bohemian lifestyle and became obsessed with money and moving to America, about which the U.S. before meeting a friend who took her there, had a bad opinion. There he started his Internet company that was initially operated poorly, and then suddenly 2009th was developed. - Sounds like you are after, began to change and retrieve the secret life, which suggests that it may be active in some way or at least prepared to activate while in the UK - MI5 are closed after testing Alex Chapman. Anne Chapman Annie&#39;s influential father&#39;s father, Vasily Kushchenko Russian diplomat, had a great influence on her, says her ex-husband, so that all of her contacts were associated with him.
 Allegedly, a millionaire from South Africa, funded by Annina spy network, was a friend of her father. - I thought I knew her, but she chose this path and do not believe that it is consciously aware. In my heart I believe that there was some influence over it, some kind of conditioning, so when it appeared the issue of survival, found the situation from which she could not get away - says Chapman. However, Anne is moving to New York allegedly involved with a rich divorced 60-year-old man. After the divorce 2006th Chapman kept the name, and began to integrate High profiled in the international business elite, which includes an industrialist Warren Buffett. Friends said she is seeing Michel Bittan, a millionaire from New Jersey, after they met at a nightclub in Manhattan. Temptress who knows what works, however, in the meantime appeared and 31-year-old Charlie Hutchinson, a student who claims to have slept with a fiery Anna.
 He also said that Anna did not like to wear shorts, and that was in bed and moan like to speak in Russian. - It took two and half hours and it was very sexy. It was amazing - he says Hutchinson. He met her in the White House pub, where they discussed. This is a seductive after leaving entered his cab while he was returning to the university campus. - We were both drunk. When we entered the room, she began to perform a striptease while I sat on the bed. She had an incredible figure and did not wear underwear. I really knew what she was doing. She was wild in bed, 14-ica than ten. She knew the positions that I never even imagined - says Hutchinson. After he fell in love, Anna left him. In the beginning was only lowered the hook, and then changed the number. Neither he, nor her former husband could not believe it was in connection with a Russian spy. PHOTO: New Bond girl - fatal spy Anna
 