Post-Soviet states, commonly known as the former Soviet republics are independent states that were otcijepile of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics after the collapse of its 1991st year. Post-Soviet states are subject to a variety of development geography, history, politics, economics and culture in post-Soviet era, the period after the collapse of the Soviet Union and the period after the Communist Party authorities. Contents [edit - edit] States and geographical groupings typical grouping of post-Soviet states: Russia █ █ █ █ █ █ Central Asia Eastern Europe / CIS Western Baltic states █ █ █ █ Postsovjetske Caucasus states are typically divided into five groups. Each region has its own set of common characteristics that in addition to geographic and cultural factors related to regional history in relation to Russia. History of Eastern Europe from their earliest beginnings, has been associated with Russia, while the Transcaucasus and Central Asia remain outside the reach of Russia until the 18th
 and 19 century. Teutonic Order, Denmark, Poland and Sweden dominated the Baltic countries before the incorporation of Imperial Russia in the 18th century and independence after World War II. Western powers have never recognized the annexation of the Baltic countries by the Soviet Union conducted 1940th year (see Stimson Doctrine for the position of the U.S.). [Edit - edit] See also Economy of Russia Economics of File: Psstable.jpg Inflation in Russia continued its momentum, while in the Baltic states lowered the levels of Western countries after the collapse of the Soviet Union former Soviet republics have adopted capitalism as their own economic system. Gross domestic product in all former Soviet republics (excluding the Baltic states) immediately fell, and was only 86 percent of its value in 1991. Inflation is also razmahala. Until 2004. Only the Baltic states, Armenia, Belarus and Kazakhstan have reached a higher gross domestic product than they had 1991st
 In Russia itself has noted the failure of capitalism to improve the lifestyle culminated in the Russian economic crisis of 1998. followed by a return to the government&#39;s interventionist economic policies. Reasons for the apparent failure of capitalism in post-Soviet countries were the subject of much debate. Scarce or limited transport and communications infrastructure, untested legal systems and poor protection of property rights, political instability (except the Baltic states) and excessive bureaucracy identified the main reasons of failure of capitalism. The key factor is the corruption and mismanagement of the privatization of enterprises that are located in state-owned and now managed by former Soviet apparatchiks and opportunistic &quot;oligarchs&quot;. Significantly, the popular opposition to capitalism, and many people who have lived all my life under communism have retained the mentality of the so-called homo sovieticusa.
 Eventually the free market neo-liberalism, which is applied in most former Soviet republics, prejudice and false charges as an economic model. [Edit - edit] Regional organizations of the former Soviet states: █ █ Transcaucasia and █ █ Member states of the EU and NATO █ █ States which are not members of the CIS or the EU and NATO Numerous international organizations and cooperation between the blocks rises in region after the collapse of the Soviet Union. Countries are divided according to their participation in these blocks: The last two groups have become different only when Uzbekistan withdrew from GUAM and sought membership in EurAsEc. This odijeljku these organizations mostly (or fully) consist of post-Soviet states. Organizations with much larger memberships are not listed. [Edit - edit] Only the post-Soviet membership [edit - edit] Commonwealth of Independent States Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) consists of 11 of the 15 former Soviet republics - 4 exceptions are the Baltic countries and Turkmenistan.
 Was created to &quot;allow a civilized divorce&quot; between the republics, but instead its members have signed numerous documents to promote closer cooperation. Turkmenistan is the only former Soviet state that he was a member of CIS but eventually withdrew. █ █ GUAM member states and █ █ CSTO member states and other countries █ █ CIS and former member of both groups [edit - edit] Organization agreement on collective security six member states of CIS (Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Armenia) have improved their military cooperation, upostavivši Organization agreement on collective security (CSTO), which is an extension of a previous agreement on collective security (CST). Uzbekistan, which is the (Georgia and Azerbaijan) withdrew from the CST in 1999. joined the GUAM-in. 2005. withdrew from GUAM and now again seeks closer ties with Russia, so it can be considered to be re-joined the CSTO in 2006.
 [Edit - edit] Four GUAM member states and the CIS (Georgia, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Moldova) established the GUAM group with the intention of creating a counterbalance to Russian dominance in the region. These four states are special because they do not participate in any regional organization that rises after the collapse of the Soviet Union (except CIS). Eurasian Economic Community: █ █ █ █ member states observer status [edit - edit] Eurasian Economic Community of the Eurasian Economic Community (EURASEC) was founded by Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan. Emerged from the Customs Union and the CIS. Ukraine and Moldova have observer status in the community, while Ukraine has expressed a desire not to become a full member states. Since the common border with the rest of the community requirement of complete membership, Moldova was prevented from his search. Uzbekistan has applied for membership in September 2005. [1] when the process of merging CACO and the Eurasian Economic Community.
 Became a full member of the 25th January 2006. Central Asian Cooperation Organization: █ █ █ █ member states observer status [edit - edit] The Central Asian Cooperation Organization of Central Asian Cooperation Organization (CACO) was first launched 1991st The five Central Asian states as well as Central Asian communities. Later in Turkmenistan because of their policy of isolation has withdrawn from participation in all regional forums. Tajikistan joined in 1998, while Russia has joined the (now renamed) CACO in 2004. At the end of 2005. between Member States decided that Uzbekistan will join the Eurasian Economic Community, and that the two organizations to unite into one. Union of Russia and Belarus [edit - edit] Union of Russia and Belarus Union of Russia and Belarus was originally formed in second April 1996. under the name &quot;Community of Russia and Belarus&quot; before he secured third April 1997.
 It was initiated by Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko. On paper, the Union of Russia and Belarus seeks further integration beyond the framework of cooperation, including the introduction of the machine as a common currency. [Edit - edit] First post-Soviet Union Membership █ █ █ █ democratic elections Organization for Economic Cooperation [edit - edit] Organisation for Economic Co-operation Organisation for Economic Co-operation originally formed in Turkey, Iran and Pakistan 1985th, but 1992nd the organization has expanded to include Afghanistan and the first six Muslim republics of the former Soviet Union: Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan. [Edit - edit] Community of Democratic Choice Community of Democratic Choice (CDC) was formed in December 2005. primarily at the initiative of Ukraine and Georgia. It is composed of six post-Soviet states (Ukraine, Georgia, Moldova and the three Baltic states Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania) and three other countries of Eastern Europe (Slovenia, Romania and the Republic of Macedonia).
 This forum such as GUAM and widely seen as intended to counteract Russian influence in the area. This is the only international forum which is the center of post-Soviet space in which the Baltic states are also participating. The other three post-Soviet states in the community are also members of GUAM&#39;s. Shanghai Cooperation Organization: █ █ SCO member states and observer status █ █ [edit - edit] Shanghai Cooperation Organization Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) consists of China, and five post-Soviet states (Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan ). The organization was founded in 2001. Although its predecessor, the Shanghai group Team, established in 1996. year. Its goals revolve around security issues. [Edit - edit] Political problems in its report for 2006. Freedom House&#39;s political freedom in the former Soviet republics, reported the following: Reporters Without Borders published a similar index of press freedom around the world in which they write the following: Several post-Soviet states did not change the leadership of its independence.
 Such leaders were Saparmurat Niyazov of Turkmenistan, Islam Karimov in Uzbekistan and in Kazakhstan Nursultan Nazarbayev. All the above are initially had a more limited terms, but through decrees or referendum extended his stay in the service (the practice is also followed by Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko). Askar Akayev of Kyrgyzstan has just served as President of the Kyrgyz from the time of independence until it was forced to resign because of the Kyrgyz revolution 2005th Problem dynastic sukscesije was another problem that has affected the policies of some post-Soviet states. Ilham Aliyev succeeded his father (Heydar Aliyev) as president of Azerbaijan. This theory is supported by children of other leaders in Central Asia that are also preparing for succession. Participation Akajevog sons and daughters of the Kyrgyz parliamentary elections 2005th has raised fears that the dynastic sukscesija used in Kyrgyzstan, so it may contribute to anti-akajevskoj climate that led to his overthrow.
 Repression in Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Belarus and several other post-Soviet states to prevent the spread of democracy in many countries. As Russia defends its dominance over its neighbors by supporting an autocrat, and raids by ignoring human rights activists, it is unlikely that someone from outside to intervene to improve things. [Edit - edit] Most of the separatist conflicts of military conflict in the post-Soviet space had to do with the wishes of the separatist territories with different ethnic and religious composition of the majority population in the state in which form parts of the officially recognized. Territory in which up to now a military conflict erupted: Outside these regions Adžarija fully reinkorporirana in Georgia, a conflict there ended peacefully. Separatist leader Aslan Abašidze fled to Russia where he secured asylum. After two bloody wars in Chechnya is under control of the central Russian government, even though the conflict has not ended.
 Transnistria, Abkhazia, South Ossetia on the other hand have achieved de facto independence, which does not recognize that no country in the world - the Russian army is present in each of these three territories. Nagorno-Karabakh is similarly achieved de facto independence of the Armenian troops have control over the entire territory, and even parts of neighboring Azerbaijan. Since 1994. These four regions have concluded an agreement on mutual assistance, and their leaders on several occasions reiterated that the guarantees. [2] [3] [4] [edit - edit] Civil wars civil wars, which were not associated with the separatist regions, have appeared twice in the region: [edit - edit] Painted Revolution Since 2003. years, there have been numerous (large) mirnoljubive &quot;colored revolutions&quot; in three post-Soviet states. After the disputed elections were popular protests brought to power the former opposition. [Edit - edit] Problems of the Russian population in most post-Soviet states living rusofona significant population, whose political position as an ethnic minority varies from full recognition of their rights, serious conflicts in the countries where the Russians are seen as &quot;occupiers&quot;.
 [Edit - edit] More Information Regions of the World Africa: Central Africa | Congo | East Africa | Great Lakes | Guinea | Horn of Africa | North Africa | Maghreb / Northwest Africa | Sahel | Southern Africa | Sub-Saharan Africa | Sudan | West Africa America: States Anda | Caribbean | Central America | Great Lakes | Great Plains | Guyana | Latin America | North America | Patagonia | South America | Southern Cup Asia: Central Asia | East Asia | East Indies | Far East | Indian subcontinent / South Asia | North Asia | Southeast Asia | Southwest Asia (Middle East / Near East, Levant, Anatolia, Arabia) Europe: The Balkans | Baltic region | Benelux | British Isles | Central Europe | Eastern Europe | Northern Europe | Scandinavia | Southern Europe | Western Europe Other: Eurasia: Caucasus | Mediterranean | Post-Soviet states Oceania: Australasia | Melanesia | Micronesia | Polynesia | Aleutian Islands | Pacific Rim Polar: Arctic | Antarctic Retrieved from &quot;http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postsovjetske_dr% C5% Beav Categories: Asia | Europe
 