In London today is that tomorrow comes primjeæivalo Pope. There was no Vatican flag, not even in front of the press center, which is located in the congress center of Queen Elizabeth II. where today there was not a journalist. In front of the parliament has not protested against the Pope, but it is against the war in Iraq and economic conditions. The pope in advance of travel, said he was particularly pleased the beatification of John Henry Newman, &quot;this really great Englishman.&quot; Newman, English theologian and future blessed, he lived in the 19th century and crossed with the Anglican to Catholicism. His beatification, the first in Britain after 500 years, the most important act of the Pope&#39;s three-day stay in England, Scotland and Wells of 16 to 19 September In the UK, because of growing number of immigrant Catholics, Pope Benedict XVI on his 17th travel outside of Italy went among Britons who, probably more than the Europeans on the mainland, away from the Church.
 In the UK the number of Catholics, but not because of the departure of Anglicans in the Catholic Church, but because of immigrants. At work in the UK there has, for example, many Poles who regularly attend church. Catholic Church, especially in England, she had to &quot;import&quot; the priests, that have arrived and many Polish priests to be able to follow believers. And it is the hardest and least plaæene tasks are performed by new immigrants - Poles, Romanians and others. Photo javno165 visit of Benedict XVI is not only pastoral, but državnièki, as opposed to the visit of John Paul II. 1982nd year. Pope will be in the airport in Edinburgh wait for Prince Philip, husband of Queen Elizabeth II., Which in turn shows how the British kingdom of this important visit. But it will come and protest, a respected Daily Telegraph thinks that the clumsy, despite some justifiable discontent CATHOLIC priest. It is expected the Pope&#39;s meeting with victims of pedophile priests.
 Bishops&#39; Conference of England spokesman Jack Valero said he would be &quot;the Pope could meet with ten people, probably during his stay in London, who were the victims of violence sveæenièkog. Bets ahead of the Pope&#39;s arrival as typical for the British, and the betting began. You can, for example, bet on whether a puncture a tire on papamobilu. If you invest one pound, you can get 26 if it breaks, and even 67 if the Pope will participate in the kind of car a car crash. The ratio of 1:26 applies to bet that the Pope will drink a pint of beer in a London pub. This bet is more likely than those of the puncture in papamobilu because the Pontiff was to drink beer in the Tyrolean restaurant in Rome. In London, the sale of souvenirs and the Pope&#39;s character, so you can bet on it that would be prodavaniji. That would be the best-selling papal flags ratio is 1:5 odds, it would the first in sales among the souvenirs will be the keys to the Pope&#39;s nose, the image ratio is 1:10, a T-shirt with the image of Benedict XVI
 ratio is 1:13.
 