1st day, 18.7. / Sunday: ZAGREB - STRASBOURG Bus departure from the bus station in Zagreb, 502-506 peroni at 5:00 pm. Driving through Slovenia and Austria with a short stop by and continues through Germany via Munich and Stuttgart to the wooded area of the Black Forest and French border. Arrival in Strasbourg. Accommodation at the hotel. Evening tour of the historic center on foot: the cathedral - Guttenberg Square - Small French Quarter - the bridges on the river Ill - time to walk the picturesque streets with a typical Alsatian architecture. Overnight. 2nd day, 19.7. / Monday: Strasbourg - Reims - Rouen Breakfast. Driving provinces Alzace, Lorraine and Champagne. Short stop in Reims in the Champagne region and visit the famous Cathedral of Notre Dame, where French kings were crowned. Less free time for coffee or a glass of champagne in one of the typical bars around the cathedral. Continue the road to Normandy.
 Arrival in Rouen, the capital of Upper Normandy, where Joan of Arc was burned at the stake, and which are photographed and written by famous artists like Claude Monet and Gustave Flaubert. Walk the beautiful city center with cobbled streets and houses with wooden beams of the cathedral of Notre Dame. Accommodation at the hotel. In the evening attend the spectacle on the facade of the cathedral in Rouen, a light show &quot;The cathedral that Monet painted it.&quot; Back to the hotel. Overnight. 3rd day, 20.7. / Tuesday: ROUEN - CAEN - Arromanches - DISCHARGING BEACH - CHERBOURG - SHIP Breakfast. Driving through the beautiful green Normandy countryside. Upon arrival in Caen tour of the city center with the castle of William the Conqueror and the monastery Abbaye des Hommes. Continue driving through Bayeux to &quot;shore landings 1944.&quot; With long sandy beaches and numerous monuments. Visit a picturesque village on Arromanches beach landings. Free time for walking the coast or coffee.
 Arriving in Cherbourg, the port on the peninsula Contentin. Boarding the cruise ship passenger flights Irish Ferries. Accommodation in cabins. Ships in the evening. On board is a tax-free shop, a restaurant serving a la carte and buffet, an Irish pub, disco, reading, a division with games, children&#39;s playroom, theater, promenade. Night sailing to Ireland. 4th day, 21.7. / Wednesday: SHIP - Rosslare - Wicklow - DUBLIN Breakfast on board. The arrival of the ship in the Irish port of Rosslare in the afternoon. Leaving the boat. Driving through the &quot;Garden of Ireland&quot;, Wicklow area with beautiful nature. Continue driving to Dublin. Panoramic tour by bus through the heart of Dublin with georgijanske squares. Visit the Guinness Brewery overview of the history and methods of fabricating the famous Guinness beer tasting included with a brewery on the terrace overlooking the entire Dublin. Accommodation at the hotel. Dinner. Overnight. 5th day, 22.7. / Thursday: DUBLIN - LOCKES whiskey distillery - Breakfast GALWAY.
 Dublin sightseeing: visit the most famous University of Ireland Trinity College and an excellent preserved the old library, where books are kept famous Book of Kells - Cathedral of St.. Patrick, where the priest was well-known writer &quot;Gulliverovih trip&quot; Jonathan Swift. Driving through central Ireland. Visiting Irish whiskey distillery Lockes to view the production and tasting of whiskeys. Continued road to Galway, a city with a medieval church of St. Nicholas Lynch Castle and Roman Catholic cathedral. Accommodation in a hotel in Galway. Dinner. Overnight. 6th day, 23.7. / Friday: Galway - Cliffs of Moher - Bunratty - KERRY Breakfast. Drive to the Burren area of Clare and the famous white cliffs Cliffs of Moher, rising 200 feet above the Atlantic Ocean. Burren lunar landscape is a region with over 2000 species of rare plants. Drive to Tipperaryju over Limerick. A visit to the castle from the 15th Bunraty century which was completely renovated and Folkparku depicting the life and traditional crafts of Ireland 19th
 century. Continue driving to the area of County Kerry. Accommodation at the hotel. Dinner. Overnight. 7th day, 24.7. / Saturday: RING OF KERRY TOUR - NATIONAL PARK KILLARNEY - Breakfast CORK. Tour the most romantic area of Ireland Ring of Kerry, with its magnificent scenery, views of the Atlantic and a very rich fauna. Driving through many small picturesque villages like Sneem village with colorful houses and the mountain panorama point Molls Gap and Ladies Wiew overlooking the Killarney Lakes. Visiting a farm for breeding sheep show and the presentation (including tickets). Accommodation in a hotel in Cork, a picturesque old town and shopping center. Dinner. Overnight. 8th day, 25.7. / Sunday: Cork - Waterford - Rosslare - SAILING BOAT Breakfast. Drive to Waterford, a large sea port and the city famous for its crystal proizdvodnji. Visiting the factory with a crystal showroom and video presentations (including tickets).
 Arrival at the port of Rosslare. Boarding the ship Irish Ferries and accommodation in cabins. Ships in the afternoon. On board the possible use of all ship facilities such as restaurants, shops, an Irish pub. Night navigation. 9th day, 26.7. / Monday: SHIP - CHERBOURG - MONT. ST. MICHEL - Breton Coast Breakfast on board. Sailing ship in the French port of Cherbourg in the morning. Leaving the boat. Drive to Brittany. Arrival at the Mont Saint Michel, &quot;Wonder of the World of the Western world&quot;, the majestic monastery-city erected in the bay under the strong influence of the tides; place annually visited by more than 3.5 million visitors. Walk mound that is still above the sea surface to the entrance of the monument complex, and the walls of the main street to the church and monastery. Leisure. Accommodation in a hotel in the wider field of emerald coast of Brittany, one of the most visited tourist areas of France.
 Overnight. 10th day, 27.7. / Tuesday: Breton COAST - ST. RETAIL - DINAN - INTERIORS Brittany - Loire Valley Breakfast. Going to the place of Saint Malo, once the center of a pirate, a city on the coast surrounded by impressive walls. Walk along the fort and the old town. Visit one of the most beautiful medieval towns of France Dinan with its medieval walls, narrow streets, traditional houses in the style of Breton cultural heritage. Leisure. Driving through the interior of Brittany, and continues through Angers and Tours, with a short stop by. Accommodation in a hotel in the Loire Valley, along whose shores the French nobility built castles hundredth. Overnight. 11th day, 28.7. / Wednesday: Loire Valley - CASTLE Chenonceaux - BURGES - LYON Breakfast. Continue along the path through the valley of the Loire. Stopping at the most beautiful castle Loire, Chenonceaux on the Loire tributaries Cher, who built women. It is possible to individually visit a large garden and rooms of the castle.
 Upon arrival in Bourges visit the famous Gothic cathedral St. Etienne from 12 century and the city historical center. The road continues to Lyon, the second largest city in France, once very important for producing decorative silk fabric. Accommodation at the hotel. Overnight. 12th day, 29.7. / Thursday: LYON - French Alps - Chambery / ANNECY Breakfast. A tour of the old Lyon, which is part of a protected UNESCO heritage. Visit the Cathedral St. Jean, and ride the funicular up to the basilica Fourviere offering a view of the town and the River Saone and the Rhone. Continue the journey towards Chamberyju, once the seat savojskih counts. Upon arrival at Chambery short tour of the historic center: a fountain of elephants - the Church of St. Chapelle - Savoy Palace. Departure to Annecy, one of the most beautiful cities in the French Alps, situated in the magical lake surrounded with beautiful nature. A tour of old city: bridges - the palace on the island - Street St.
 Claire. Free time to stroll along the lake shore or a boat ride. Accommodation in a hotel in Annecy / Chamberyja. Overnight. 13th day, 30.7. / Friday: Chambery / ANNECY - EVIAN - Montreux - Lake Geneva - to pass through the Swiss SV. Bernard - Aosta Valley Breakfast. Continuation of the way through picturesque alpine regions to the coast of Lake Geneva. Short stop along the lake shore in Evian, a place famous for its water resources. Continue the path to the Swiss border. A visit to a posh resort of Montreux on the shores of Lake Geneva. Free time for walking and personal applications. Driving through the magnificent landscapes of Swiss Alps. Stopping by the lake near Martignyja - the opportunity to purchase souvenirs and Swiss chocolate. Passage through the St. Bernard Tunnel. Overnight in the Aosta Valley in Italy. 14th day, 31.7. / Saturday: Aosta Valley - ZAGREB Breakfast. Continue their journey through Italy via Turin, Milan, Verona and Venice with a short stop by to rest.
 Arrival in Zagreb in the late evening. The minimum number of paid people: 40 Price includes bus, escort in Croatian, accommodation in hotels in France, 2 *, 3 * in Ireland and 3 * in Italy in a double room with shower / wc / TV based on 6 nights with buffet breakfast in France : 1 night in Strasbourg, 1 night in Rouen, 1 night in the vicinity of San Malo, 1 night in the Loire Valley, 1 night in Lyon, 1 night in Annecy / Chamberyju; based on 4 half in Ireland (full Irish cooked breakfast and dinner in 3 courses): 1 night in Dublin, 1 night in Galway, 1 night in Kerry, 1 night in Cork, on the basis of 1 overnight stay with breakfast in Italy in the Aosta Valley; regular passenger boat transportation lines Irish Ferries Cherbourg / Rosslare / Cherbourg, accommodation in double cabins indoor shower / toilet on board based on 2 nights with breakfast (a special menu for breakfast), the assistance of representatives of the Irish agencies partner with Atlas Airtoursovog escort while traveling in Ireland, tickets for the Trinity College, St.
 Patrick, Guinness brewery, distillery whiskeys Lockes, Crystal, Waterford Crystal factory, Bunratty Castle and folk park old crafts, sheep farm in Kilarney National Park, all sightseeing, visits and trips to the program and costs for the organization and sales Supplements: single room (includes single cabin on the boat): 2590.00 EUR. Note: When applying travel passengers are required to provide the following information - date of birth and citizenship (the data required for the ship list of passengers). Information about the ship: the ship is on a regular passenger line. The cabins are simple, with two bunk beds and small bathroom with shower, sink and toilet. Space for storing luggage in the cabin is not large, so we recommend passengers to take one small suitcase / bag for an overnight stay on board until their larger luggage remains in the trunk of our buses are also going to ship. On board is a tax-free shop, restaurant and Irish pub.
 Voluntary health insurance or travel insurance package during the stay abroad can be concluded during the conclusion of the case changes putovanju.U element calculations (increasing cost of accommodation, transport, fewer people than the minimum), the agency reserves the right to change the package price. The package price includes a discount for cash or checks. Departure Dates and Prices Service Pack Price 18:07 9890 kuna
 