Globus World Trade Center / 05.01.2010. 12:35:50 For the first ten years dvijetisućitih can say anything except that they were boring and quiet. Technologically, there have been innovations without which no longer can. Politically, there was a change that no one would expect Gallery AFGHANISTAN - The Asian country is on the historical &quot;Silk Road&quot;, in which the United States from the end of 2001. Inspirers wanted to destroy the terrorist attacks of 11 September from Al Qaeda and the Taliban. The most important foreign policy focus of the administration&#39;s most important range of NATO&#39;s security doctrine. USA has just announced the strengthening of the offensive and send new 30,000 soldiers. Agha-Soltan, NEDA - philosophy student was killed in June 2009. , in Tehran, during antivladinih protests against the results of presidential elections in which Ahmadinejad won again. It became a symbol of the struggle against the theocratic regime in Iran. ARMSTRONG, LANCE - A cyclist who has since 1999.
 until 2005. He won seven races the Tour de France, more than anyone before him. And after two years before that survived testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs, internal organs and brain. Barroso, VAN Rompuy, ASHTON, MERKEL, SARKOZY - The leading people of the EU - the head of the European Commission Barroso second term, which is stronger than previously thought when he snuck in that position five years ago, the Belgian Van Rompuy, who will coordinate the work of the EU summit or the European Council, and a shiftless Baroness Ashton - probably not the person that the Convention, at the beginning of the decade, had in mind when he created a new position. The most powerful in the EU as Chancellor and French President, but they also must seek agreement within dvadesetsedmorice. Bhutto, Benazir - Pakistan politician liderica PPP, assassinated in Rawalpindi 27th December 2007. year. With 35 became the first woman prime minister of an Islamic country, which was two times since 1988.
 to 1990. and since 1993. until 1996. The daughter of former Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfikar Bhutto and her husband incumbent President Asif Ali Zardari. Samoizabranog from exile in Dubai, she returned to Pakistan in autumn 2007th as a candidate in presidential elections, and was killed during the campaign. BOTOX - Botulinum toxin, one of the most poisonous natural substance in the world, produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum, since 2002. began to be used for cosmetic purposes in small doses, relaxes the muscles. His injection is responsible for many polished, expressionless faces around us. BROWN, DAN - The American author of thriller, whose &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; (2003). With 89 million copies of best-selling book of all time. The new book &quot;The Lost Symbol&quot; (2009). In the first day sold six million copies. CHAVEZ, HUGO - Since 1999. until today, the populist president of Venezuela, the leader of the Bolivarian Revolution, a socialist, an advocate of solidarity in the region, the sharp critic of the United States and globalization.
 VACCINE - The first vaccine against cancer - one that arises from the wart growths on the uterus and genitals caused by human papilloma virus, developed by American and Australian scientists in mid-decade. Gardasil and Cervarix is approved later this year and for men. MONTENEGRO - The Montenegrin referendum on independence in June 2006. former state completely collapsed. Montenegro surprisingly successful progress towards the EU, Serbia is lagging behind the co-operation with the ICTY. The Hague, Milosevic died of a heart attack 2006th BLACK DECADE - Period in the United States began to be problematic Bush victory against Gore in the presidential 2000 elections., Marked by the tragedy of 11th September and two subsequent wars, the country has entered into and coming out hard, frequent stock collapse, recession and loss of reputation in the world. Tsunami - A mass movement of ocean water caused by an underground earthquake, volcanic eruption or explosion.
 Large wave in the Indian Ocean 26th December 2004. year claimed more than 200,000 human lives, indirectly, to millions and caused enormous material damage. Darfur - Sudanese region, where since 2003. ethnic conflict takes pro-government Arab troops and police from the Negro Movement for equality and justice to Darfur. Unreliable estimates speak of 450,000 dead civilians, massive human rights violations, rape, disease and hunger, and about two million refugees. Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on 14 charges July 2008. before the International Criminal Court (ICC) for genocide and crimes against humanity. DUBAI - Arab emirate, which has built an attractive underwater hotels and resorts in the desert, artificial palm islands and the world&#39;s tallest building, Burj Dubai, 818 meters high. Of trouble due to debts submitted milijardskih recently rescued him financial help neighboring Abu Dhabi. Djindjic. SOLUNSKI PROCESS - EU in 2003. At the Thessaloniki summit, promised the possibility of membership to all countries of former Yugoslavia if it meets the criteria.
 In Belgrade, Zoran Djindjic&#39;s assassination, slowing down the reforms until the departure of Kostunica. In today&#39;s climate of enlargement fatigue, Thessaloniki is the process remains the only mechanism in which the region can be invoked. Despite discouraging EU, Racan in February 2003. seeking nomination by Zagreb gets 2004th Macedonia in March 2003. seeking the nomination, which he received in December 2005. ENERGY - The European Union has realized total dependence on Russian energy, particularly gas, which has resulted in the adoption of Moscow with all its flaws. The need for oil, which is less and less, forcing West to turn to new and alternative technologies, but also opens up space for the future, now a little conceivable cooperation with Iran. EURO - banknotes and coins have a common currency were opened to traffic first January 2002. and now the euro used by 12 states. The euro is primarily a political enterprise of European unity, and then the financial or economic project.
 Greeted with great concern that &quot;there will be strong as a brand, rather than as a weak lira, but proved to be remarkably successful. Britain and Denmark do not want the euro zone, some members are not qualified, and Greece currently has a huge problem in respect of the criteria that allow the stability of the currency. Federer - Best tennis player of all time in the opinion of colleagues and experts, &quot;the Swiss maestro for whom Agassi has recently written that&quot; a player without a single blemish. &quot; Longest first on the ATP rankings and winner of three p.m. and so far the most Grand Slam titles in singles. Also, with the highest earning tennis player in history. GAY MARRIAGE - marriage same-sex relationships, a phenomenon that still provokes debate in the field of human rights, politics, social, ethical, religious and health standards. First it was sanctioned by the Netherlands 2,001th year, and then Belgium (2003.), Spain and Canada (2005.), South Africa (2006)., Norway and Sweden (2009). and Nepal.
 In the U.S., is legitimate in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Connecticut, Iowa and Vermont. Dozens of states recognize some form of gay communities, and many are on their way and to legalize gay marriages. GOOGLE - Open an Internet search system, a project of PhD students from Stamford, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, and California-based company to flourish, which includes e-mail, advertisements, streaming video and much more, and which now employs 20-odd thousand people in a very friendly working atmosphere . Guantanamo - a detention camp was opened by the U.S. in its military base in the Bay in Cuba 2002nd and in which, without legal procedures that require the state, were imprisoned for terrorism suspects. Human rights violations in Guantanamo Bay detainees, and photos of torture camp in Baghdad, Abu Ghraib contributed to the destruction of the image of the United States. HIBRIDINA VEHICLES - use two or more sources of power - rechargeable batteries, gasoline, diesel, human power, wind, natural gas, solar energy.
 Investigated since the 19th century, became a hit in a decade, the energy crisis and environmental concerns. The first prototype hybrid locomotive was made in Iran 2000th year. Hybrid cars of Toyota, Honda, Ford and others, but riding the roads, and the U.S. next year, Delta intends to try out the first hybrid Boeing. Iraq War - campaign led by the United States, started 20th March 2003. under the pretext of preventing the use of nuclear weapons Saddam Hussein&#39;s regime, which does not exist. Led to the disintegration of the mass suffering and exodus of the population, the spread of ethnic conflict and has an uncertain future after the impending American withdrawal. SEPTEMBER ELEVEN - The day that in 2001. The shocked and profoundly changed the United States. The assassination of the symbols of power, brought gusts hijacked passenger planes into both towers of the World Trade Center in New York and the Pentagon in Washington, has led to the death of about 3000 people.
 JOBS, STEVE - Silicon Valley icon, co-founder of Apple and the first man, when the trend-setter at issue internet and new technologists, in April 2009. underwent liver transplantation and returned to work. Katrina - most devastating Atlantic hurricane ever to hit the United States (90 billion dollars), with 1836 dead and 700 missing - the fifth deadliest. Since the 29th August 2005. New Orleans was gone, there was a demolition of unsafe dams and sinking the historic center of town and lower, mostly poor black sections. Despite many warnings, Washington, is considered not react in time to prevent disaster and help those at risk, many of whom still live in exile. CHINA - emerging superpower, a communist country with zahuktalom capitalist economy and the average annual growth of gross domestic product of over 10%. A third of the world economy after the United States and Japan, and the other by purchasing power, which does not cease even in a crisis and spent most of steel and concrete in the world.
 Most populous country in the world (1.3 billion people), which awaits recognition of powers in the international arena. Climate change - global warming, it is believed that the human factor, which has become one of the most important political issues of the decade, the first truly global problem requiring global solution. KOSOVO - in February 2008. Kosovo declares independence. U.S. and 23 EU members, like all states of the former Yugoslavia recognized the independence of the new state, while Belgrade has sued Pristina International Court in The Hague for violations of international law. CRISIS - grown in the new financial instruments in the second half of the decade, misjudged a highly secure, connected with mortgage loans, was evident in 2007th, and culminated in a crisis of financial institutions around the world, 2008th, and then morphed into a crisis of investment and economy. LISBON TREATY - It was after Angela Merkel, an iron hand, led the negotiations between governments.
 Expelled are symbols that remind us that the EU could be a state, so that blue flag with yellow stars and Ode to Joy is actually not the EU flag and anthem. But will the former Constitution, and this is the new balance of power of large and small states in favor of large, but with the protection of small and very reduced number of areas where decisions are made unanimously, has been preserved, and the EU should be more efficient. Madoff - Fraudster decades and former president of NASDAQ, which had made the most false investor pyramid scheme in history, and damage to investors for 65 billion dollars. MAPPING THE HUMAN GENOME - Thanks to international collaboration of scientists has created a complex picture 20-25000 genes of human DNA, the determination of its more than three billion chemical connection, which has yet to become an important tool in determining the inheritance and treatment of disease. Metrosexual - Cultural marks a decade of urban males in the trends that are concerned about their appearance and personal hygiene.
 Milosevic - Serbian President to oust the protesters 5th October 2000. year. His transfer to The Hague marked the beginning of transition in countries of former Yugoslavia. EU immediately introduced trade preferences for the Western Balkans and is thinking about a new approach to the region, stabilization and association process, based on &quot;any merit&quot;, &quot;Race is not a convoy, but his role in&quot; nation building &quot;in a semi-protectorate of Kosovo and Bosnia and Herzegovina and Macedonia. Macedonia in early 2001., Croatia in October and signed the Agreement on Stabilization and Association Agreement. During the trial for crimes against humanity, Milosevic died of a heart in a prison cell 11th March 2006. year. INCURRED - Facebook, the Web site to communicate 2003rd launched the Harvard freshman Mark Zuckerberg, and due to its wide popularity around the world are now all competing. YouTube launched in February 2005., A web site for sharing video clip, Google bought the 2006th
 year to 1.65 billion dollars. Twitter&#39;s Jack Dorsey 2006th he invented a system for sending text messages, but it has become a tool for social networking and information shortly. iPhone - Apple&#39;s smart phone 2007th years has emerged as what people need - a mobile e-mail and web surfer, media player and videoverzija iPods, cameras and what not. Kindle, Amazon&#39;s wireless device for reading books and magazines from the end of 2007. replaces the printed editions. MISSING - Pluto as a planet by definition, a floppy disk for computer, music and movies on tape, Polaroid instant film, Enron, Lehman Brothers, meals on flights of some companies, hundreds of newspapers ... Obama, Barack - the first black president in U.S. history, elected in November 2008. year on a wave of Americans desire for change. He returned sympathy around the world to America. At the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, gave a speech to the disturbing tones in which some discern a threat to Iran.
 Health reform began in the U.S., which no one before him failed. POPE JOHN PAUL II. - Death of Karol Wojtyla, Pope John Paul II., 2 April 2005. marked the end of almost 27 years pontificate, which marked the end of the 20th and the beginning of the 21st century. The first pope netalijan after 16 century visited during pontfikata nearly 130 countries and is also considered one of the most deserving person for the fall of communism. Phelps, Michael - American swimmer, an athlete with the most Olympic gold medals in the world (14) and the most Olympic gold medals won at one Olympics (eight in Beijing in 2008.) Broke 37 world swimming records. PUTIN, VLADIMIR - After two terms as president, 2008. was kept in power as Russian Prime Minister and President of the Council of Ministers united Russia and Belarus, with the ambition to continue to be the most powerful man in Russia. West first thrilled him as a reformer, but Putin has won back some democratic goals, especially breaking down freedom of speech.
 His critics, like the journalist Anna Politiskaja, were killed. Rowling, JK - British writer who has his carpet back of the Harry Potter children&#39;s books and reading. The adventure begun in the last century ended with the seventh book in July 2007. year, which stood for hours in front of bookstores. Forbes magazine called her the first writer ever to become a billionaire (in U.S. dollars) by writing books. DEATH STAR - For Michael Jackson&#39;s decades a lot of trouble, including a six-month trial for pedophilia 2005th year ended release, finished 25th in sudden death June 2009. year during the rehearsals for the tour, &quot;This is it, that it was supposed to return to the top of the world. These are made posthumously mass commemoration of the King of Pop and last simke probes. Sopranos - High-visibility TV series by David Chase, whose main character, mafiozo Tony Soprano (James Galdolfini), tragicomic attempts to reconcile the role of gang boss and the life of an ordinary family man.
 Its 86 episodes produced by American cable TV network HBO, which aired from January 1999. by June 2007. year. TERRORISM - he never was more: 2002. - A bomb in a nightclub in Bali killed 200 people; Chechen terrorists were holding hostages in a Moscow theater, of which 120 were killed in the rescue operation. 2004th - To attack terrorists radicalized political Islam on the railways in Madrid, there were 200 dead, Chechen terrorists seized the school with 1000 children in North Ossetia - 300 dead. 2005. - Suicide bombers in London&#39;s subway system killed 50 people. In 2008. - Coordinated attacks Pakistani terrorists in India&#39;s most populous city of Mumbai in November caused the death of 173 people. During the decade - almost everyday actions with thousands dead in Iraq, Afghanistan and recently in Pakistan. CONSTITUTION - The Convention on the constitution of Europe since 2001.
 until 2004. years has sought to conclude a new agreement on the functioning of the EU, or &quot;constitution&quot;, which would enable the efficient functioning of the EU of 27 or more members. Ratified in a referendum in Luxembourg and Spain, the Constitution has fallen in referendums in France and the Netherlands in June 2005. In 2007. EU gives up the &quot;Constitution&quot; and search for new solutions. BIG CRACK - In 2004. eight former socialist countries, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia, Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, and two of the island, Malta and Cyprus joined the EU, which is so much expanded the territory and people, but very little increase GDP. In 2007. joined by Bulgaria and Romania, in the midst of great skepticism about the willingness of those countries and societies to join. SPRING VAL - Year 2003. More than 37,000 people (mostly in France, 15,000) died from the summer heat, which is in Portugal reached 48 degrees. Year 2006. again a high temperature, in Los Angeles, 48 degrees, 2007.
 to 45 degrees and massive fires in Greece, and Croatia, mostly around Dubrovnik. And other years was unheard of warm in different parts of the world. Wikipedia - An open and non-profit web encyclopedia that in 2001. launched Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger is growing thanks to the collaboration of volunteers around the world who can write, correspond, and edit articles. With more than 14 million units in the 200-tinjak language, and about 65 million monthly visitors, this is the largest and most popular reference on the internet address and proof of democracy in cyberspace. Woods, Tiger - Even serial marital infidelity did not prevent the agency AP that it recently selected for the athletes of the decade. American Eric Tong Woods golf game of their second year in the last decade has spurred a mass audience interest in the sport and has won more trophies than anyone before him. With revenue of awards and advertising of over a billion dollars has become the best paid sportsman of all time.
 Y2K - The collapse of computer systems that we were afraid at the beginning of the new millennium has not happened. (Jasmine Ryan)
 