The Pentagon is developing a new intercontinental missile with a conventional warhead, which would replace nuclear weapons. While the White House is taking steps to reduce the U.S. nuclear arsenal, the Pentagon is developing weapons to fill this gap - the intercontinental missiles with a conventional warhead that can hit anywhere in the world in less than an hour, reported Thursday in The Washington Post. U.S. military officials say they are balistièki intercontinental missiles, a weapon known as &quot;quick global impact&quot;, are necessary as a new tool odvraæanja against terrorist networks and other opponents. As anticipated, these conventionally armed missiles would have given White House a fresh military option that you can count on in a crisis, without having to reach for a nuclear response. Moscow dissatisfied Program &quot;Instant global impact,&quot; the Pentagon has already developed a few years, causing dissatisfaction in Moscow, where Russian officials predict that could run non-nuclear arms race and complicate long-term vision of President Barack Obama on the release of the world of nuclear weapons.
 Countries in the world would hardly accept a situation in which nuclear weapons disappears, but the weapon that is not less destabilizing to appear in the hands of individual members of the international community Sergei Lavrov to U.S. military officials, however struggling with solving other major obstacles - the threat to Russia or China might conclude erroneously to launch a conventional missile &quot;Instant global impact&quot; actually launch nuclear missiles, Says Post. - Countries in the world would hardly accept a situation in which nuclear weapons disappears, but the weapon that is not less destabilizing to appear in the hands of individual members of the international community - said on Tuesday Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov in Moscow. White House says that the development of &quot;quick impact global&quot; does not affect new START agreement to reduce strategic arms, which Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev signed on Thursday in Prague.
 Analysts anticipate that the conventional balistièki missiles as they could count includes all nuclear START-om, which introduces new restrictions on the supply of weapons the United States and Russia. Retention of &quot;indisputable be able to&quot; U.S. balistièkih Types of conventional missiles is not expected until 2015. However, the program recently got a boost Obama administration, which sees in it an element in a number of types of defensive and offensive weapons, which ultimately may replace nuclear weapons. Photo javno165 Administration I asked Congress to approve 240 million U.S. dollars for development programs, &quot;Speed of global shocks in iduæoj year, a 45 percent increase from the current budget. The Army envisions a total investment of two billion U.S. dollars in development costs of the program until 2015., Which is relatively inexpensive by Pentagon standards. After years of preparation, the Air Force has scheduled the first test launch prorotipa next month.
 Vice President Joe Biden was in February in a speech to your network of National Defence, said that &quot;facilities such as flexible missile defense shield, a conventional warhead with a global reach and other systems in development, allows the reduction of the role of nuclear weapons&quot;, while retaining the &quot;indisputable be able to&quot; USA. &quot;We can not rely on nuclear weapons,&quot; nuclear weapons seemed the backbone of the U.S. strategy odvraæanja over six decades, but military leaders claim that they are needed and another mighty weapon in the arsenal, in order to discourage opponents who assume that the U.S. refrain from nuclear shock. - Odvraæanje can no longer rely on nuclear weapons. It must be broader - said in March Marine Corps General James Cartwright, Deputy Chief of Joint Staff of the industry leader and advocate of a &quot;quick global impact.&quot; Prototype &quot;Instant global shock&quot; is a modified Peacekeeper intercontinental missile balistièki III.
 To reduce the risk of accidental Russian nuclear retaliation by launching conventional missiles, the Air Force is developing a missile whose trajectory would be at a much lower altitude than those with nuclear warheads if his test is successful, the deployment plans several such missiles in Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Weapons would be supervised by the U.S. Strategic Command, responsible for U.S. nuclear arsenal. The path to a lower altitude Its commander, Gen. Kevin Chilton, told a recent congressional hearing that &quot;Fast global shock&quot; seen as an additional weapon and not a replacement for nuclear weapons, but that &quot;the U.S. President can provide opportunities in times of crisis, when perhaps timely response was the only nuclear option. &quot; To reduce the risk of accidental Russian nuclear retaliation by launching conventional missiles, the Air Force is developing a missile whose trajectory would be at a much lower altitude than those with nuclear warheads, and U.S. military officials have said that they would be willing to grant access to the Russian inspectors, and warn Moscow of a conventional attack on a third country.
 The U.S. Navy was preparing another design - the conventional version of his podmornièkog Trident missiles, but Congress cut the program two years ago, amid concerns that it would be too difficult to distinguish such a missile from a nuclear armed Trident.
 