Timeless mountain pass, anxious Urubamba River, which hit to the Amazon, the dense forests that inevitably turns into a jungle and mountain peaks of the Andes above the cloud layer, they announce the mysterious lost city - Machu Picchu (Ma Pik-Cu-Cu). And when once we finally on  in his arms, and when we embrace the air, space and energy of the Andes, the feeling of being told that we were on the roof of the world. From here you can see all the senses begin to function again. Issues that are part of the mystery (who, when, why and how) to get your answer. You just have to relax and shut your eyes for a moment. Morning, the 24th September, 1911. years, it dawned chilly. A three-member &quot;team&quot; is not inadvertently set off the steep cliffs to the greatest archaeological discovery of the twentieth century. Sgt Karasku Cusco is perfect given the task to ensure ljepuškastog professors from American universities Yale, Hiram Bingham.
 Ro  en, Hawaii, Bingham (1875-1956) graduated from an elite university, that first came to South America 1908th , as a member of the expedition to Chile. During his Peruvian expedition, three years later, he had in mind to find  e last refuge of the Incas, the legendary city Vilkabamba. &quot;In a society with only Sergeant Karaskom I left camp at ten o&#39;clock ... Shortly after noon, completely exhausted, we came to a grassy plateau - 700 meters above the river. There we found two well-nourished Indians who were pleasantly surprised by our  eni arrival. They gave us water and some cooked sweet potato. Two Indian farmers, Richart and Alvarez, we are praised to have found plenty of terraces on which grow their own culture. There are already four years and, given the inaccessibility of the canyon, these regions are looks uninhabited for centuries. Karasko Sergeant we had translated and confirmed that the remains undiscovered city located a little farther ...
 Indeed, far from the plateau, we met an unexpected sight: hundreds of stone-fenced  certain earthen terrace, each of them tens of meters long. It is obvious that the Indians were found and cleared up almost ... With us was a boy and as a &quot;guide&quot; who showed us the way on. We passed through untouched forest and in front of us were indicated lost city walls formed as a product of the best masters, the Incas had ... &quot;(Hiram Bingham,&quot; Lost City of the Incas &quot;). In his book&quot; The Lost City of the Incas &quot; issued 40 years after the discovery of Machu Picchu, the now legendary Hiram Bingham, a confident start the chapter about the discovery: &quot;It will be remembered that it was September, 1911. year, when I began to search for the last major city of the Incas ... &quot;And he is right. This date and event  aj are visibly marked at the entrance to Machu Picchu with a memorial plaque in memory of Bingham, and numerous literature this Andean jewel, in which Bingham stumbled almost by accident.
 Me  However, when the Bingham discovered the lost city was not so thrilled. In his diary he wrote that night: &quot;Augustin Lizarraga was the discoverer of Machu Picchu&quot; (Peter Frost, &quot;Exploring Cusco&quot;, 1999). Lizarraga was a local farmer who has entered his name in chalk on one of the stone blocks. Only later, Bingham began to claim that the Machu Picchu Vilkabamba fact, the last major city of the Incas (which will prove false, I actually passed the periphery of the Bingham Vilkabambe two years later, not knowing where he is, but this city was so densely covered with trees that he could not look at actual size). When Bingham returned to Machu Picchu 1912th year, he made hundreds of photographs whose best finish at the prime examples of sites National Geographic magazine 1913th year. The echo was sensational, Bingham has become popular the world, Machu Picchu
 