Feisal Abdul Rauf, founder of the Cordoba Initiative, I got behind the construction of Islamic centers in the vicinity of the zero point, says the Council on Foreign Relations in New York, the man behind the proposed construction of the Islamic Centre, just two blocks from the residential places known as the zero point, says that the dispute over the construction has turned into a much larger controversy about the relationship between his beloved religion - Islam, and his beloved country - America. Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf has immigrated to the United States 45 years ago. He recently traveled to the Middle East on behalf adminsitracije President Barack Obama explains U.S. relations with Islam. As things stand, I will refer Feisal now need to explain to the Americans. Speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations in New York, I have Feisal Abdul Rauf said that there is categorical necessity for the Islamic Center in lower Manhattan: building in lower Manhattan, instead of Rauf that I have wanted to build the Islamic Center, &quot;This center will bring together members of all religions as partners as vlasnke shares with mutual respect.
 He will be honored New York City, American Muslims across the country, and Americans worldwide. &quot;Rauf is envisioned that the former clothing store, just two blocks from the zero point into a modern building medieval Cordoba in Spain, where Christians, Jews and Muslims lived together in peace . He said that the project was inspired by the two most important commandments of God in all three religions: &quot;In God, love of our lord with all your heart, mind and soul and with all our power. And secondly, as Jesus said, which is equal to the first, to love our neighbors as we love ourselves. &quot;One of the frequent protests in New York against the building of an Islamic center near the zero point but have some American Muslims joined Christians and Jews in opposition to the planned center. They see it as an insult to Islam by the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11. Many opponents are also afraid that the center could become a gathering place for fundamentalists who demand that the U.S. constitution, replacing Sharia.
 But Rauf says islasmki law generally in accordance with U.S. laws, &quot;Islmaski lawyers have said back in early times, because the Muslim community were in the minority, first in Abesiniji, Ethiopia at the time of the Prophet Muhammad, and they said whenever they Muslims are a minority of them are required to follow the laws of that country. Series is to follow the law of the country. &quot; Rauf was speaking at the same time on Saturday held a demonstration against his project. He declined to say whether the construction of the center to move away from the zero point. Real battle, &quot;says Rauf, should not be between Islam and the West than among moderates in all religions and extremists who, in his opinion, represent a tiny minority in any religion.
 