Low-fat yogurt Dairy products rich in protein help you lose weight, a perfect time for a diet low fat yogurt is breakfast. In the fist drop him a refreshing berry fruit and some almonds. You can refresh and light creamy milkshake of a probiotic yoghurt, which the two into a blender, combine walnuts, eight strawberries and a piece of pineapple. Melons real summer delicacies, melons are the sources of health and guardians of the thin waist. If you are looking for something sweet, refreshing and fruity, there is no better choice of watermelon, and everything goes for watermelon, can be struck and the melon. More than 90 percent is water, and is a rich source of vitamins A, C, and many antioxidants that protect us from free radicals. A large concentration of water dilutes a lot of calories per piece of fruit, which means that you hydrate your body and feel fuller. Do not throw away the white part next to the crust, because it contains most of the nutrients that can accelerate the healing process of skin.
 Vegetables With warmer weather comes and vegetables, which is ideal for those who want to lose excess weight. Zucchini, tomatoes, squash, red and green peppers can be a real addition to color dull meals at the same time you fill up - you will not feel hungry, and you&#39;ll consume fewer calories. Every day eat five servings of vegetables and forget the salt and dips with mayonnaise or sour cream. Oats Unlike other carbohydrates, oats are digested slowly, which means that blood sugar will jump sharply after a meal, and soon fall, and then take with them a feeling of hunger. Oats is also useful because it contains lots of fiber, which also contributes to the feeling of fullness and satiety. Lean meat, meat by the year the heart, blood vessels, and the line includes turkey and chicken. These protein sources should be found in your daily menu to prevent a sudden drop in blood sugar and famines. For breakfast eat two slices of turkey breast on toast toast with a probiotic yogurt and fresh vegetables.
 Apple pectin from apples has a role in lowering bad cholesterol, and this fruit is rich in fiber - ally slim. The fibers are a mixture of cellulose, hemicellulose, pectin, polysaccharides and lignin, and only one apple contains 20 percent of daily needs for fiber. According to the American Heart Association, antioxidants apple juice helps prevent arteriosclerosis, and many studies have proven its benefits for prevention of breast cancer, lung, prostate, pancreatic and related cancers that occur in the digestive tract.
 