Precisely in order to coordinate activities in the process of solving the problems facing the Islamic world, in The Sanbei, the capital of Tajikistan, from 18 to 20 May they, at 37th time, met the foreign ministers of OIC member. The City of SANBI&#39;s by the Organisation of Science, Education and Culture Organization of Islamic Conference (ISESCO) declared the cultural capital of the Islamic world for 2010. year. Mentioned ministerial meeting of the OIC in the capital of Tajikistan is the first meeting of its kind in the region of Central Asia and is a good indicator of the expansion and improvement of relations with the OIC countries and regions. Tajikistan is a member of the OIC entered 1992nd year. Among najredovnija questions at meetings of the OIC and the fall issue of the Palestinian problem. In fact, the OIC was formed as a result of initiatives launched after a Zionist fanatic lit mosque Al Aqsu 1969th year.
 Leader of Islamic Revolution, ajetollah uzma Sayyid Ali al Hamenei, during a recent meeting with President of Senegal and current Chairman of OIC, Abdullah Vadom, recalled the reason why ormiran OIC and called for directing more attention is very important the Palestinian question. Ajetollah Hamenei the occasion said: &quot;All Islamic countries must feel that Palestine and their issue.&quot; In the final declaration of the Ministerial meeting in Sanbei So, too, stressed that the Palestinian question must be central to all issues and activities of the Islamic world. Participants of the summit in Tajikistan are requested to comply with the Zionist regime adopted resolutions of the United Nations to withdraw from the occupied Arab areas. Assessed and that the Zionist regime is legally, morally and politically responsible for the crimes committed in the war versus belt Gazze. So in the final declaration adopted by the Ministerial Summit point which requires urgent and immediate prosecution of judicial and prosecution officials of the Zionist regime responsible for crimes committed, in accordance with the report of Judge Richard Goldstone.
 In this report, based on numerous pieces of evidence, indicators and testimony clearly established that the brutal military assault on Gaza Gazze committed war crimes. Unfortunately, after the adoption of this report to the Human Rights Council and UN General Assembly, UN Security Council under the influence of American and other Western governments, the issue of prosecution of those guilty of war crimes did not put on the agenda. At the Ministerial Summit of the OIC in Tajikistan have been analyzed, and relates to certain Member States the Zionist regime. Unfortunately, some members of the OIC, in spite of the crimes committed by the Zionist regime makes the Palestinian population, and despite the hostility manifested by the regime towards the Islamic world, negotiate with representatives of Tel Aviv and even establish relationships with those occupying regime. The fact that the establishment of such relations to the Zionist regime to come out of isolation and that such development has been detrimental to the Palestinian people, and needless to discuss.
 In the final declaration of the States that have relations or to negotiate with the Zionist regime and the related cease and that any negotiations respecting the condition of UN resolutions on Palestine. In The Sanbei is supported and reconciliation among the Palestinian groups in order to serve the interests of the noble Palestinian people. Addressing the participants and the final declaration of the summit in The Sanbei I best express concern about a member of the OIC and the illegal acts of the Zionist regime in the Bayt al Mukaddesu mosque and Al Aqsi. Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Manu훾ehr Mottaki, in his address said: &quot;The recent excavations carried out by the Zionist regime in the vicinity of Al Aqsa mosque are a new phase of long-term plan aimed at destroying the Islamic cultural heritage of Palestine, in order to change history and essence of the Holy Quds. &quot;In the final declaration strongly condemned the acts of the Zionist regime directed towards dominating the historical heritage of the Palestinian people and the construction of Zionist settlements and secessionist wall in the Palestinian territories.
 However, despite the fact that the Palestinian issue discussed at various meetings of the Organization of Islamic Conference, has not yet done virtually nothing to solve this major problem facing the entire Islamic world. President of Tajikistan, Imam Ali Rahman, in his welcome address to participants of the Ministerial Summit pointed to these facts and, inter alia, stated: &quot;The long-term problems of the Palestinian people are considered at the level of various groups and sessions, but the role of the Organization of Islamic Conference to address this issue of life importance to the Islamic world, except for holding various meetings and conferences, though it does not seem sufficient or even decisive. &quot;Ministers are meeting in the capital tad탑ikistanskoj considered another regional issue in the Islamic world, and it&#39;s about Afghanistan. President Rahman in his speech stressed that the Afghan question can not be solved by military means but through the efforts of regional countries, including the Tajikistan.
 And the head of Iran&#39;s diplomacy, Manu훾ehr Mottaki, he pointed to the wrong policy pursued by certain countries to Afghanistan, which hinders regional initiatives aimed at resolving the crisis in that country. Minister Mottaki&#39;s statement included the western countries headed by America for nine years by failing to resolve the crisis in Afghanistan. On the contrary, this crisis every day seems to be deeper and more complicated. On the other hand, Iran is tirelessly committed to holding a special meeting of foreign ministers of regional countries in which the joint forces searched the most appropriate solution to this problem and ways to assist Afghanistan. At the ministerial summit in The Sanbei is discussed and the current situation in Iraq and Somalia, and the participants of the Summit stressed the need in these countries as soon as possible to establish peace and security. Islamophobia blasphemous and insulting Islamic sanctity in the West is among the issues that the Islamic world with a special attention, because such an attitude of Western governments and media offensive feelings over 1.5 billion Muslims worldwide, a minority Muslim communities in Europe and America is faced with numerous, no harmless, problems.
 President of Tajikistan, in his speech condemned the abuse of pure name of Islam and distort the lofty values of this venerable faith of the Western propaganda machine which attempts to equate Islam with terrorism is rated highly irresponsible and demagogic &quot;disturbing the process of provoking confrontation between religion and civilization threatens to cause instability and uncertainty not only in certain regions such as Central Asia and the Middle East, but throughout the world. &quot;Human rights are an important instrument in the hands of western countries which put pressure on other countries to include countries of the Islamic world. Islamic countries have many times pointed out that the teachings of the honorable faith of Islam containing numerous certificates and guarantees of human values, and that, on the other hand, Western definitions of human rights shortcomings and failures abound. At the ministerial summit in Tajikistan adopted a number of notable points of the Charter of the Islamic Human Rights whose preparation is underway.
 The Secretary General of OIC, Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu, has promised that he would soon be adopted, and other items of the Charter and that will then work off the Human Rights Commission of the Organization of Islamic Conference. Minister Mottaki reiterated that Iran is an active member of OIC, and then announced the official Tehran&#39;s readiness to host the Commission on Human Rights and the OIC. At the summit in Tajikistan emphasized the right of all countries to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes, and therefore clearly confirmed the peaceful nuclear activities of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Final Declaration of the Summit strongly podr탑no &quot;Tehran statement&quot; signed by Iran, Turkey and Brazil on the exchange of uranium for peaceful use. Also, in the final declaration of the summit in The Sanbei, nuclear demilitarization of the Middle East stated that: &quot;Ministers insist on the urgent implementation of the resolutions adopted on the cleansing of the region from nuclear weapons.&quot; Given that the Zionist regime is the biggest obstacle to the realization of the process of nuclear demilitarization of the Middle East, Ministers were urged to exert pressure on Tel Aviv in order to compel the regime to accede to the treaty banning the production and dissemination of nuclear weapons (NPT).
 However, despite the relevant decisions and views of foreign ministers of OIC member in Tajikistan, however, this great Islamic organization is still suffering from lack of enforcement of guarantees. OIC needs a collective, shared, and much more resolute commitment of member states in order to implement the decisions and resolutions adopted.
 