The famous ship Mayflower sailed from British ports in this day 1620th The ship was carrying Pilgrime, English separatists from England to Plymouth of the United States. The ship is normally supposed to sail to the Hudson River, near današneg New York, but he turned off the course. After 66 days traveling the affected diseases, the ship anchored in the peninsula of Cape Code, and in March next year, the surviving passengers lived in Plymouth, while the crew returned to England. Mayflower has become a symbol of European settlers in America. 6th September 1939. The battle took place at Barking Creek in the Second World War, but not between Germany and Great Britain. Specifically, the unidentified aircraft, as it was reportedly approached the British Essex. There has been a fatal error during the air raids for the risk that the result was that two RAF Spitfirea knocked two other RAF Hurricanea. Alert the air of danger in the end proved to be false.
 After the entry of Indian troops in the Pakistani capital of Lahore 6th September 1965., conflict over the province of Kashmir has turned into the Indo-Pakistani war. It lasted five weeks and took thousands of casualties on both sides, and ended the UN cease-fire and the subsequent declaration in January Taškentskom 1966th The war happened in the largest gathering of the army in Kashmir since the division of British India 1947th Many details of this and other Indian-Pakistani Wars, remain unknown. On this day 1991st returned is the name of one of the most beautiful European cities, St. Petersburg, who since 1924. was called Leningrad. It originated in the early 18th century, after Russia broke out in that part of the sea. Founding of St. Petersburg, the car seat was transferred there from Moscow, Russia. The city was officially named for St.. Peter, but many believe that its founder, the Russian czar Peter the Great, the city named after himself. The name Saint Petersburg is carried between the 1914th
 and 1924. When during the First World War, Russia turned national values. For the Soviet regime was called Leningrad, by Vladimir Ilyich Lenin. The city is also known by the shortened name of Peter, as it is called by its inhabitants. Diana, Princess of Wales, was tragically killed in Paris on 31st August 1997. and was buried a few days later, 6 September The public funeral began at nine o&#39;clock in the morning in London, when the funeral procession moved from Kensington Palace. The coffin was carried to the palace of St. James. An official ceremony was held at Westminster Abbey, and ended at the grave in Althorp. In Westminster Abbey were 2,000 people, a transfer to a British television is watched more than 32 million people. But this is nothing compared to figures from around the world - Diana&#39;s funeral was followed by as much as 2.5 billion people, making it one of the most watched event in history. On this day 1923rd
 was born in the last Yugoslav king Peter II. Karađorđević. 1943rd was born the famous rocker Roger Waters, and 1964th actress Rosie Perez. His 6th birthday celebrated on September and singer Macy Gray (1967) and Nina Persson from The Cardigans (1974).
 