City of Loyang, which is located in Henan province in central China, named after the capital of nine dynasties. Without a doubt, there can be seen many historical monuments, among which is one of the most famous temples - Temple of the White Horse, which is only 12 kilometers away from the city of Loyang. The temple was first built in 68th year of our era. From history books to see that the order of the second emperor Hanminga, during the Eastern Han Dynasty, the two Ministers went to India for Buddhist sutras. They met in India, two highly educated Buddhist monks and get the files and figures, and then returned them to their homeland. Then on a white horse carrying Buddhist scrolls and figures, and with maximum effort arrived in the capital of Eastern Han Dynasty-Loyang. The following year, on the orders of Emperor Hanminga, in this town was built a temple called - the White Horse Temple. It was the first Buddhist temple in China built with government assistance fianacijsku 1900 years ago.
 White Horse Temple is facing the sun and has a rectangular courtyard. On the east and west sides of the gate is the dark horse of a white stone, a symbol of this temple. Two stone horses are similar in size and give the right impression of tranquility and charm. They come to the fore refined sculptural art and artists of the Song Dynasty style. Pavilion of the Great Buddha is one of the main pavilion at the temple. Covered with yellow enameled tiles and roofs themselves were carried out with a lot of skill. The exhibits in the pavilion Sakamunija the best among them in particular stands out carved a niche with a gilded icon, which is located in the middle of the pavilion. At the top of the niche is carved eagle with outstretched wings on either side are carved water dragons in the game. On the ceilings, the pavilion can be seen beautiful pictures of the lotus, and on its east and west walls are to be found more than 5 000 Buddhist figures. This pavilion is 18 arhats of which are 17-Orica bald, and one is a gentle woman - arhat with narrow eyebrows, which carries the precious crown, Buddhist Mantua and skirt.
 It was named after a flower among l8 arhats. If you are viewing the ancient sculptures can be compared with drinking good wine, then climbing on the altar of shade comparable to quoting the ancient songs. The altar was built from brick shade. Debt is 43 meters wide, 33 and 6 meters tall. There are ancient cypresses and exquisite pavilions, and the altar is called the Garden in the air. It can be found an ancient and beautiful pavilion in which carefully preserved the Buddhist scriptures that have been adopted on a white horse from India. On the east and west side of this pavilion is a pavilion by the monks in which you can see sculptures of these two Indian monks who lived here a long time and translated into Chinese with an Indian first book on Buddhism. They are buried in the temple of the White Horse. After growing Eastern Han Dynasty, the temple of the White Horse has repeatedly been torn down and renovated. In early 80-ties, the Chinese Government has again allocated funds for its renovation and the Temple of the White Horse once again shines with its beauty and historic splendor.
 Editor: Cai Ruijun
 