Author: Drazen Arapović, G. Beckett Published: 04.05.2010 NEW YORK - The U.S. police have arrested a man who suspects that he bought the car in a field where at Times Square in New York found the bomb. RELATED NEWS News Comments This is a U.S. citizen of Pakistani origin Faisal Shahzad who was arrested while in New York&#39;s John F. Kennedy Airport trying to board a flight to Dubai. U.S. Attorney Eric Holder confirmed early Tuesday that it had arrested a man who is associated with the unsuccessful bomb attack in the heart of New York. - Earlier this evening, Faisal Shahzad was arrested on suspicion that he tried to export the car-bomb attack in New York on Saturday. Mr. Shahzad, otherwise a U.S. citizen, was detained at the airport John F. Kennedy when he tried to board a flight to Dubiju. Since the discovery of a bomb on Saturday night, FBI, prosecutors and lawyers within the Department of National Security of the Ministry of Justice and the Office of the U.S. Attorney&#39;s in Manhattan and Connecticut, along with the Police Authority of New York have been working 24 hours a day to find out who is responsible for the attempt deadly attacks.
 During the day (Monday) we collected a significant number of additional evidence that led to tonight&#39;s arrests carried out by agents of the Department of Homeland Security. The investigation goes on, because we try to get as much useful information, and will continue to monitor all the available clues. However, it is clear one. The goal of Saturday&#39;s terrorist attack is the death of more Americans. FBI agents are working with their state and local counterparts in New York, Connecticut and other areas in order to gather as much information related to this case. Also, in collaboration with members of the presidential national security team gets all the possible resources available to bring to justice the responsible for this attack. It is very important that our citizens remain vigilant. The vehicle in Times Square were first noticed just New Yorkers, who then notified police. In addition, every American who notices any suspicious activity should report to the same authorities.
 The investigation is continuing, branches, and is aggressive. As we advance, we will be more focus not only on the responsibility for the attack but also in obtaining information about terrorist cells abroad. Precisely because of the rapid pace of the investigation, I&#39;m not currently able to provide more detailed information, but Americans need to know how to do everything in our power to bring those responsible to justice - said Holder in a comprehensive statement. Number of recommendations: 6 Publish on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 