Number 564 Tags: the outlines of the future release date: 07.10.2010. Author: Igor Ognjenović in human history the myth of Atlantis served as a reference framework for development of different civilizations. He became a basic model which sooner or later all back. The idea of rapid evolution of human consciousness are supported by the gods and later degeneration of the scenario by which we create our everyday life. Nothing is permanent and all human creations, sooner or later be subject to the forces of destruction. The myth of Atlantis shows that humanity as a Sisyphus pushing the stone to the top and then, before reaching the top, is seen rolling the stone back to the lowest starting position. During the past few centuries, countless seekers and adventurers, carried by his imagination, asked Atlantis to different places, but she always slipped and maintained his secret. The story of Atlantis was written by Plato more than two thousand years.
 But even in his time, it was already an ancient legend from before nine thousand years. If he is right, the island has disappeared about 12,000 years ago. Let&#39;s look at what Plato is about Atlantis. When the Greeks gods divided the earth among themselves, Poseidon, god of the ocean and water, was the island called Atlantis and settled it with his children he had with ordinary women. The first Poseidon&#39;s son was Atlas, who became the first king of the island and after whom the island called Atlantis, and the ocean that surrounds the Atlantic Ocean. Atlantis was a real paradise: the soil was fertile, was full of food and water. Under the blessing of his divine patron, people have built beautiful temples and palaces, farmed and bred livestock. Atlantic port was always full of ships and traders from all over the world, whose voices resounded day and night. At the heart of Atlantis stood the temple of Poseidon. In the center of the temple was a pillar of the precious metals, and the first kings were enrolled in it Poseidon&#39;s laws.
 With text of laws, the column is recorded and a curse that invokes the heavy curse for those who violate them. Kings of various regions in order to gather around the pillar on the island, offering sacrifices, it renders it will comply with code. This idyllic state lasted through many generations, until the kings and their people will respect the laws of Poseidon. Gods were expressed attention and respect, they possessed the virtue and wisdom, and appreciate the true value in life, such as friendship and knowledge. Not a lot of attention placed the property and gold: although they possessed the wealth and luxury, they were tied to him or him poisoned. But as time Poseidon&#39;s divine nature in them becoming razvodnjenija, they began to lose its pure soul and more attention focused on the accumulation of wealth and power. This is Zeus, king of all Greek gods, roused anger and he decided to punish disobedience of the Atlantic.
 The story ends with: All I know is that the island and its entire culture disappeared under the ocean and have since been lost. End of the story of Atlantis sounds like some sort of divine apologies for expressing their destructiveness. As with many other expulsion from paradise, and here people are all wrong, and the gods are portrayed as righteous executioners who are trying to maintain order in the state of the world that they manage. Suspension of the gods and the achievement of independence about them showing up in this myth as the greatest sin. Similar scenarios are repeated from time immemorial, and among men, where those governments are trying to retain power over those who are their subordinates. If there is any kind of independence and opposition leaders, comes to the destruction of these efforts, and the punishment is justified by higher principles. Human rulers, just as the heavenly gods, punish subordinates for their own good and thus save them from too much freedom, which leads to violations of the order.
 When we think about it a little better, the similarity of civilization to which we belong, and Atlantis is more than obvious. Those who look at the bottom of the ocean do not have to be more thoroughly: it is enough to look around ...
 