Gaza Strip and West Coast parts of the Palestinian National government, the Palestinian Autonomous Areas, situated in the Middle East, the Mediterranean Sea and Jordan. State of Palestine with full sovereignty does not exist yet, but the Palestinian Authority with certain state powers to the territory so. Palestinian Autonomous Areas, has been adopted by some Arab countries as a state. Western governments and the United Nations accepted the state entity only in limited form. Contents [edit] Geography Palestinian Areas consist of several separate enclaves, each populated areas of Israel, or Israeli military training grounds, both in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. Gaza Strip, but Israel, bordering Egypt and the Mediterranean Sea. Name West Bank refers to the western bank of the river Jordan. This area is bordered on one side with Israel, with Jordan on the other.
 However, monitoring the border with Jordan, Israel has, and the Autonomous Administration claims the right to control those borders as borders of its territory. Palestinian Autonomous Areas recognized as an independent state only in Arab countries. [Edit] Population Areas requiring the Palestinians themselves have traditionally inhabited predominantly Arab Palestinians, a minority are Orthodox Jews and the Samaritans who refused for religious reasons, the State of Israel. According to data from the CIA - Fact Book Gaza in 2005. was 1,376,289, a West Coast population of 2,385,615. Together, they then had 3,761,904 inhabitants. Given that the area of Gaza only 363 km2 of the West Bank and 5 878 km2, population density is very high. In the West Bank was a high 400 km2, and in Gaza, even 3 800 km2. [Edit] Economy and Trade Development of Economy and Transport is very limited by the fact that the territories of spatially separated.
 In Gaza, there are airports and sea ports. The areas are connected by roads that are regularly interrupted by Israeli army checkpoints. The largest donor to the Palestinians over the past 10 years been the United Nations with two billion euros. [Edit] History The history of the area before the 1948th see History of Israel and Palestine, Palestinian Autonomous Areas are located on the territory over which management had mandated the United Kingdom. 1948. Jordan has taken today&#39;s so-called. West Bank, near the river Jordan, and Egypt the Gaza Strip on the Mediterranean. After the Six-Day War 1967th West Bank and the Gaza Strip occupied by Israeli forces. [Edit] The road to recognition of the state See also: Establishment and history of the State of Israel, Arab-Israeli conflict. Map of the West Bank and Gaza Strip, territories that make up the Palestinian Authority (as of 2007). Palestina no real sovereignty. State structures partially missing or not fully formed (eg
 have its own army). Large portions of Palestinian areas supervised by the Israeli army. Palestinians have their own police. 1974. PLO, but not the Palestinian Authority has observer status at the United Nations (decision of the General Assembly of the UN 3237). Since mid-1998. Palestinian representative has the right to participate in discussions at the UN. Palestine is one of the founders of the Islamic Conference and was recognized as an official member. In addition the country is a member of the Arab League. 14th studenoga 1988th Yasser Arafat is in Algiers declared the State of Palestine, which was immediately recognized by some 100 countries, including all countries of the Eastern Bloc and the so-called. Non-aligned countries. The Oslo Agreement was reached today&#39;s autonomy, which will be preceded by country capable of life. Which part of the West Bank, with those parts which are already administered, belong to a future Palestinian state is a key issue around the Middle East conflict.
  • 2) It is also part of Oceania. v • d • Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) Afghanistan • Albania • Algeria • Azerbaijan • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Benin • Ivory Coast • Burkina Faso • Brunei • Chad • Djibouti • Egypt • Gabon • Gambia • Guinea • Guinea Bissau • Guyana • Indonesia • Iran • Iraq • Jordan • Yemen • Cameroon • Qatar • Kazakhstan • Kyrgyzstan • Comoros • Kuwait • Lebanon • Libya • Maldives • Malaysia • Mali • Mauritania • Morocco • Mozambique • Niger • Nigeria • Oman • Pakistan • Palestine • Saudi Arabia • Senegal • Sierra Leone • Somalia • Sudan • Surinam • Syria • Tajikistan • Turkey • Tunisia • Togo • Turkmenistan • Uganda • Uzbekistan • United Arab Emirates Countries with observer status with Bosnia and Herzegovina • Central African Republic • Russia • Thailand • Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Muslim organizations with observer status Moroska National Liberation Front International organizations with observer status with the Organization for Economic Cooperation • • African Union Arab League Non-Aligned Movement • United Nations • Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palestinska_Autonomna_Podru% C4% 8Dja Categories: Palestinian National Authority | Israel
 