The road to a possible return to the British Labour government 2015th years will be long and bumpy, but the newly elected head of Labour&#39;s Ed Miliband is one of the biggest challenges along the way comes today, when will his brother and rival for the party elections, David Miliband decide whether to be a member of his shadow government. I for one and for others it will be extremely difficult decision. Yesterday David Miliband is the first public appearances after he defeated his younger brother, called on his followers not to allow repetition of rivalry kind of remember from the time Tony Blair and Gordon Brown, calling Ed &quot;great political leader. &quot;There is no faction, no soap,&quot; said David, who yesterday did not want to declare whether to continue a political career under the guidance of his brother, or will abandon the policy. Although the charismatic older brother Miliband to the very end was a strong favorite dramatic Labour choice, younger and more charismatic Ed won a narrow victory with an advance of only 1.3 percent of the vote.
 As much as it was statistically small, this advantage is probably buried forever hope the older Miliband to become the first man of British Labour. Last year, David Miliband rejected the offer to take over the newly established position of European foreign minister, but nonetheless chose to remain in London, to participate in elections for a successor Gordon Brown. Their mutual battle - unprecedented in modern politics - are encouraged bloodthirsty British media, priželjkujući Shakespearean drama and personal rift between the politically conflicted brothers, although both were initially convinced that brotherly love is more important than politics. Tabloids are pushing went detrimental to their differences, which was not possible to conceal. One of them - old David - is typical of Blair&#39;s man who is very politically profiled as an advisor to Tony Blair in his best days of the nineties, actively participating in the development of New Labour.
 The younger brother, Ed Miliband, Brown&#39;s staff, who in his first speech after the announcement of victory ever said goodbye to Blair and his New Labour Party. Ed promises a return to traditional Labour party&#39;s base, or people who live by their work, the working class, although it is clear that the Labour Party in Britain will not return to power until he returns disillusioned voices of workers, but also middle-class rebel, who is now still anxiously awaiting whether the project will succeed David Cameron and Nick Clegg. Leftist image after winning the party election just to the left of the paradigms and the support of trade unions, what is reasonably explained as the Labour left turn, Ed Miliband is Labour and the entire United Kingdom had to argue - and this is his second great temptation - the leftist . Suddenly it became a centrist, what are usually considered its main competitors.
 Blair&#39;s legacy is still made his own, because the Labour Party long ago said goodbye to his leftist image. In addition, the British Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron wished for exactly such an outcome: a close victory heralding the possibility of deeper divisions and the &quot;Red Ed&quot; for a new boss, just because the conservatives insisted on such a label and his leftism, presenting him as a hostage by union leaders and the party that brings together social losers. Of course, the goal is to cause division between the trade union laburističkog part of the electorate and members of the British and the European Parliament, who represent the party nomenclature, and the elections were largely supported by David and not Ed. &quot;I&#39;m Red Ed&quot;, so telling is Ed Miliband with the party convention in Manchester, trying to wash the stigma imposed, with a questionable outcome. Life is a moment when the collapse of the May election of his political mentor, Gordon Brown, Labour&#39;s top spot emptied, Ed Miliband has not hesitated to accept a lot of the greatest opportunity of his political career.
 &quot;So did I would not run because David ran? That he had not said his candidacy, I have no doubt,&quot; he explained later, the younger Miliband the British Guardian, his difficult life decision, because his whole life, as well as four years younger brother, spent in the shadow of his older brother. First, in the same school, he attended the David, in north London, and then by his older brother and came to Oxford, where he attended the same college, at the same university. Then in politics: the first is for David arrived in the British lower house of parliament, and then quickly sat down with David at the same table in the British government. David was the Minister of Foreign Affairs, and Energy Secretary Ed and environmental protection, which was the first such case of fraternal sharing mandates after World War II. In the end, and that day has dawned. In the election for Labour&#39;s first chair, Ed has finally overtaken his older brother, whose life looked back.
 It was a moment of his life. The brilliant left-winger Ed Miliband was born on Christmas 1969th , the father of the influential Marxist intellectual Ralph Miliband, the Polish Jew who arrived in Britain 1940th, fleeing from Europe to the Germans, teacher and mother Marion Kozak, who is from Britain arrived in the Polish-fifties. David and Ed Miliband grew up in an open and intellectual context. Their home was always filled with discussions, in which they were invited to participate. Describing his experience with Oxford, Ed was at that time revealed his activist wire, realizing that he was &quot;always motivated by politics more than the academic world.&quot; After college, Ed experiencing short-term experience in the media, as an investigator on television, but then continued his career in the Labour Party. Harriet Harman, a prominent Labour MP and Labour leader of Brown&#39;s resignation and the election Miliband, Ed has been described in those years as &quot;a brilliant left-wing youths.
 Ed Miliband then goes to an advisor in the cabinet of then finance minister in the Blair government of Gordon Brown. During this time creating a two irreconcilable camps - Blair and Brown - who were inseparable brothers left on opposite coasts. And some are just in Edu see the person that could help re-establish broken ties between two of the then Labour rivals, primarily because of his ties with his brother David, but also because at the time walked with Liz Lloyd, who also worked for Blair. All this time the brothers have remained close, and even for some time lived in separate apartments in the same house in north London. 2005. Ed was elected to the British parliament, and then began his swift rise in the party hierarchy, until Brown has not appointed a minister in the newly formed Ministry of Energy and Climate Change.
 