Croatian citizens can breathe more easily - a Greek tragedy, which affects both the euro area, should not reflect on their debt. Only when the crisis would last too long, halting a trend of growth and a slight lowering of interest rates on loans could be slowed. Euro exchange rate and the rate will remain at the same levels. Eurozone will remain hard to Zvonimir Akrap, director of trading, sales and brokerage Societe Generale Bank Split. He and several other financial experts, convinced that the eurozone will fall apart because the issue is a major project for which the member states of the European Union and how best to save him. AFP PHOTO He says Macroeconomist Ante Babic, this is a marriage without divorce, because if one country came from the Eurozone, they would be that the next, and it spilled over to commercial relations and returned with an even deeper recession. - Here is the problem of credibility - he says Akrap - as an EU member and displaying false information on the budget deficit.
 Financial Analyst Joško Doric, the Split company FINTRADE, notes that &quot;The counterfeiting of statistical reports went smoothly with eurobirokracije to such a sad sight back &#39;in the head&#39; in the full vigor and even calls into question the viability of the European Monetary Union and euro as a common currency. &quot; Greece has until mid-May isfinancirati much debt that has climbed to around 300 billion euros, a rating agency S &amp; P lowered her credit rating to &quot;junk&quot;, which practically means that it is unable to repay debts. Greeks have lived beyond their means, many analysts agree. The budget deficit is to them as much as 35 billion euros. - The final figure to help Greece has not yet been defined. Greeks do not have the luxury of currency devaluation, and thus to increase their competitiveness. Tightly linked to the euro, which fell to $ 1.32. Greece has a sharp cut in the expenditure side of the budget that would convince the financial markets think seriously - says Doric.
 We are far from them talking about the reflection of Greek tragedy in Croatia, Doric says that in the first place will be hoping that the passions in the capital markets calm down, and that Croatia will still manage to borrow the much-much more favorable conditions. - Do not be so - adding Joško Doric - appears as an option by the IMF. Looking at the ratio of debt to GDP, we are far from Greece (Croatia is about 50 percent, and Greece for more than 115 of GDP). However, from this we can draw a good lesson, and that is that the debt does not buy social peace and elections. Government spending has become a problem in many countries, as did the Croatian. Pink is not even in Spain, Portugal, Italy and Ireland, but they are, as noted Joško Doric, should not stack in the same basket with Greece because &quot;they have never lied about the state of their finances.&quot; All this leads to less risk appetite of investors in global stock markets, and says Stipe Luetić, broker / analyst at Bank of Split, the situation on the stock market these days can at best be described as a play in which he conducted Greece.
 Ivan Ivin, CEO of Illyricum Investments, believes that Europe will quickly repair the problem in Greek, a correction in the capital markets of Southeast Europe should not be particularly felt, as it is sensitive in some Mediterranean countries. The situation in Greece increases the risk premium of individual countries, so that, in the opinion of some economists, Croatia could get more expensive borrowing Croatian. However, Ante Babic said that Croatia is at this moment could borrow cheaper because the market is hungry for the securities, while Croatia has a much better financial indicators of Greece. Goran Saravanja, chief economist at Bank of Zagreb, in the short term does not expect large effects on Croatia. - It is essential that the program of recovery came at the right time. If you spend most of these measures, Croatia will be positioned more as Ireland, less like Greece - Šaravanja concludes. Zeljko Peric, director of consulting firm Caper, said, &quot;how our Greek example of many years of pushing the problem under the carpet events and reform must be further encouraged to break the cheap political outwitting and wholeheartedly adhere to the swift implementation of measures for recovery.&quot;
 Violet vuko Smith: We are not threatened Croatia objective is not directly threatened, due to low foreign trade exchange and investment banking as well as disconnected the bloodstream, says Zeljko Peric, director of consulting firm and one of the Caper premijerkinih advisers. He adds that the consequences can be felt only if the Greek crisis significantly slowed the recovery of key EU economies, or cause severe financial crisis in Europe. However, the consequences for us will be reflected in the dominant cost of future borrowing. Banks certainly no a lot of banks that are associated with us is Greece, the problem may be in Serbia, Macedonia and Bulgaria, which are crisscrossed Greek banks, said Anthony Babic, while Zvonimir Akrap notes that all the banks that were facing global crisis cleared balance and possible loss could cause instability. Market unclear situation with the Greek debt to foreign capital markets, and the unclear situation around the Montenegrin highway construction, we are aggravating circumstances for domestic investors.
 Therefore, the turnover at low levels, and expressed no particular directional trading, says Stipe Luetić, broker / analyst Splitska. Exporters seamlessly Croatian Chamber of Economy has not complained so far no firm because of possible problems with collection or investments in Greece. - Due to the relatively small trade with Greece, the local national crisis has not dramatically reflected in the Croatian economy - informed us that Mary Turudić, Head of Western European countries in the CCC. During 2009. Says Turudić, Croatia to Greece exported goods worth 35.06 million euros, while imported goods from Greece worth 67.16 million euros. When it comes to the possible consequences of the crisis on the Greek Croatian tourism, we must keep in mind that last year the local coast was visited by only 18 000 Greeks who have made around 44 000 days. v. Marjanovic said the IMF: Croatia is not a Greek Finance Minister Ivan Suker at a government session on Thursday quoted government stance of the IMF mission that &quot;Croatia is not in the way of Greece, confirmed that the time you settle your obligations, and announced a report on the liquidity of state-owned companies a few days.
 m. Šešo
 