Defeat the Democratic candidate Martha Coakley in liberal Massachusetts, where Democrats have more voters trostuko coup for the White house. Republican Scott Brown on Tuesday won the special election for U.S. Senate in Massachusetts, winning a place that was 47 years held by the late Democratic bard Edward Kennedy and causing a severe blow to President Barack Obama on the first anniversary of his inauguration. Former member of the Massachusetts Senate, Scott Brown won 52 percent, a state prosecutor Martha Coakley 47 percent of votes counted, 99 percent of the voting listiæa, according to U.S. TV networks. Defeat the Democratic candidate Martha Coakley in liberal Massachusetts, where Democrats have trostuko more registered voters than Republicans, a big embarrassment for the White house after Obama on Sunday traveled to Boston to make the election rally support Coakley and tried to save her candidacy.
 Her defeat announces major political problem for Obama&#39;s Democratic Party in elections this fall, when Americans will choose a full session of Predstavnièkog houses of Congress, a third of the Senate and governors in 36 states. Palin &#39;podbada Obama&#39; - I do not have the interests of truth about what happened in Massachusetts. Right now there are a lot of anxiety in the country. Americans are understandably impatient - said Senator Robert Menendez, Chairman of the Senate Democratic Campaign Committee. - I think that the historical significance of Brown&#39;s victory is not possible overemphasized - said the new political commentator, Fox News and Sarah Palin, the Republican candidate potpredsjednièka the previous election. - It is not just about Brown, see the recent elections in New Jersey and Virginia, it&#39;s a blue tidal wave that America and the politicians in Washington says that the &#39;status quo&#39; is not acceptable - claimed Palin. In the autumn elections for governor in New Jersey and Virginia also were victorious Republicans.
 Brown will become the 41st Republican in the Senate, which has 100 seats, the opposition Republican Party once again returns the lever to influence the legislative process, because it may require that the decision to close down debate and putting the individual laws to the vote taken by a qualified, three-fifths, the majority of 60 votes. Problems in the economy caused by turning citizens republicanism day ahead of the first anniversary of the inauguration of Obama, elections were held in Massachusetts on a wave of voter dissatisfaction with U.S. high nezaposlenošæu, bonuses on Wall Street, a significant increase in the federal budget deficit and ogorèenoj stranaèkoj battle over health care reform. According to the Gallup Institute survey Obama within the first year term with approval of 50-51 per cent, and Average grants during the year amounted to 57 percent, which is among the lowest approval rating among the presidents of the United States after World War II. World War II.
 The response of voters in Massachusetts was relatively high for the special election, despite the sleet and rain that have replaced the entire day.
 