President of the Palestinian Authority (TA) Mahmoud Abbas said Sunday that it is not willing to start direct negotiations with Israel, despite strong international pressure from the &quot;whole world&quot;. President Abbas is the Palestinian radio said that such negotiations are doomed to fail because they lack a clear framework. He recently demanded that Israel accept the principle of first creating a Palestinian state on the territory of which the Israeli army won the war, 1967th, the Gaza Strip and West Bank with East Jerusalem, with some changes to boundaries. Palestinians are not rushing to enter into direct negotiations with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, whom they consider hardliners. Prime Minister Netanyahu has supported the creation of a Palestinian state, provided it be demilitarized, but refuses to get the details of prior negotiations face to face. In May, have begun indirect talks between the two sides with the mediation of the United States, but so far without any results and the gap between the two sides is reduced, reminded the news agency Associated Press.
 Abbasi advisers said they are these days called the leaders of Germany, Britain and Italy, among others, urging the start of direct negotiations. &quot;The whole world is asking us to enter into direct negotiations, but to enter into negotiations without a clear relationship can lead to the collapse of the first moment,&quot; said Abbas in Uganda, where during the Summit of the African Union (AU). The President stressed that the PU is not against the meeting, either in Tel Aviv and Ramallah in the West Bank, where his headquarters. Abbas led direct talks with Netanyahu&#39;s predecessor, Ehud Olmert, but they collapsed in late 2008. when it began three-week Israeli offensive in the Gaza Strip. He now wants to continue negotiations where they left off, as Netanyahu refused. The heads of diplomacy, the Arab League member countries will meet in Cairo on Thursday to decide whether to go for direct talks, Tanjug quoted. Abbasov adviser Saeb Erekat said the Palestinians would ask the Arab world that the indirect negotiations resume until 8
 September, when it is scheduled to be completed and will then decide how to be continued. However, the U.S. president Barack Obama is pressing to start direct talks as soon as possible and no one knows how Abbas will resist this pressure. (AP) Add this article to your favorite online community
 