Industrially developed countries and fast-growing economies (G20) will be held today and tomorrow summit meeting in Seoul to sign renewal of the currency of war and no common interests as they were a year ago, united in seeking answers to the financial crisis. Announce the U.S. central bank (Fed) to the financial system to inject an additional $ 600 billion in order to maintain low interest rates, lending and encourage faster economic growth, are against China and the European Union. Mass injection causes a great imbalance of dollars, accusing China. One consequence of these measures will divert capital towards emerging economies, which can destabilize them and cause a speculative price bubbles. Europeans, however, fear that the pumping could slow the dollar because the euro zone recovery after the Fed decision of the dollar immediately dropped to the detriment of euros. The whole world wants the U.S. to recover, but to throw money from helicopters does not serve anything because it can stimulate growth, summarized the evaluation of the extent that the U.S. Brazilian Finance Minister Guido Mantega.
 This new episode of the currency of war is taking place in an unfavorable time for President Barack Obama, who arrived in Seoul after a major failure of the Democrats in elections for Congress. Obama will be in Seoul to talk with Chinese counterpart Hu Jintao, however small the chances for progress on another front of the currency war, and it is potcijenjenost Chinese currency, which Washington opposes a regular basis. Today, powerful China resists pressure from its trading partners who want to increase the competitiveness of its products through an appreciation of the yuan. The U.S. president said yesterday in a letter to the leaders of the G20 said that the power of dollars is based on the strength of the American economy and the strength is the best contribution which the United States can give the world economy. Angela Merkel rejects U.S. plan Angela Merkel has rejected U.S. plans to introduce a system to be excessive punishment for export. The U.S. considers that it is not polite to the countries that import surplus.
 The great difficulties caused by newly created term &quot;currency war&quot;. The largest competitors on the G20 summit, China and the United States, react and therefore particularly sensitive, so the story of mutual manipulation to ensure a better position in the global market. U.S. claims that U.S. citizens are buying goods from China because they are cheap, and cheap as its currency because China keeps the yuan artificially low, which in their imagination should be stronger against the dollar, said in Washington. American goods under these conditions znantno worse position in the U.S., about export to China and not to the story. So the Americans decided to throw their dollars at the market to boot inflation and thus lower the value of the dollar. And since China in the meantime collect money through its highest export dollars and then financed the U.S. debt, then absolutely no interest to weaken the dollar. Experts are already predicting that the new problem created around the concept of &quot;currency war&quot; to lead the world to the equalization of world currencies, which will pave the way towards a global currency.
 Topics summit Besides the currency of war and global imbalance in Seoul will discuss reform of the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Finance ministers have agreed to give greater weight to emerging economies in the management structures of the IMF, and Europe gave up its two seats in their favor. Summit in Seoul is expected to confirm that this reform is the main director of the IMF and Domnique Strauss-Kahn called it historic. They will be on safety nets, or measures that should protect emerging markets from the inflow of foreign capital that causes imbalances in their economies, and also encourage them to reduce their huge foreign exchange reserves. Reform of banking standards will also be a summit in Seoul. Among the proposed measures points to raise capital requirements to banks so that they become more resilient in the event of financial shocks. This package of measures have already been accepted by the G20 finance ministers and the summit would be needed to confirm it.
 The development will also be an important issue. South Korea, a country that used to receive international assistance, and today is an important donor, wants the summit in Seoul focus more on helping the global poor countries, instead of such assistance paid sporadically. Ahead of the summit AFP reminds that the staggering amounts of various awards and bonuses for bankers and traders in securities were in the middle of the G20 summit in Pittsburgh a year ago, but that, contrary to warnings that they should be reduced, these bonuses continue to grow. Just excesses in paying huge bonuses contributed to the financial crisis. Banks, however, used various ruses to pay bonuses to preserve its stars.
 