The results of the survey results Ivo Sanader of Croatia will be extradited: Voted 1 visitor back to the vote the Dow Jones index has weakened by 95 points, or 0.85 percent, to 11 092 points, while the S &amp; P 500 fell 0.75 percent to 1189 points, and Nasdaq index 0.34 percent to 2534 points. Fears that, after Greece and Ireland, following the victim debt crisis in the eurozone could be Portugal and Spain had caused a decline yesterday, the euro exchange rate by about 0.8 percent, which at one point, for the first time in two months, plunged below from $ 1.32. Because crude oil prices have dropped, which adversely affected the stocks in the mining and energy sector. S &amp; P index of mining sector sank 1.2 percent. &quot;Bad news from the eurozone and a sharp drop in shares of large European banks set the tone in the market. Until Unraveling the situation with Portugal and Spain in the markets will rule uncertainty, &quot;said Steve Goldman, strategist at Weeden &amp; Co. company.
 Debt crisis in the eurozone has not only pushed the EU, but also the U.S. banking sector. S &amp; P financial sector index fell 1.1 percent yesterday, with shares of Bank of America cheaper by 1.2 percent. Investors have been forced to sell and tensions on the Korean peninsula after North Korea on Tuesday South Korea&#39;s artillery attacked Yeonpyeong island, where they killed four people. Yesterday he said that North Korea joint military exercise in South Korea and the United States is pushing the region into war. The focus of investors was yesterday and the trade sector as &#39;Black Friday&#39;, the day after Thanksgiving, traditionally marks the beginning of the holiday shopping season. &quot;Informal data coming from the trade talk about a better consumption than expected, so it seems that demand is stronger after two years in a row was miserable,&quot; says Goldman. Although it seems that this holiday shopping season could be the best in the last three years, share price retail chains have dropped slightly.
 Wal-Mart shares fell 0.5 and 0.6 percent of Target. In yesterday&#39;s shortened trading on the NYSE is the relationship between stocks that have lost and those that have gained in value to 2 versus first Throughout last week, the Dow Jones index fell by 1, and S &amp; P 500 0.86 percent. Nasdaq strengthened, however, 0.65 percent. And the European stock markets stock prices fell yesterday. London&#39;s FTSE index weakened 0.53 percent to 5668 points, while the Frankfurt DAX fell 0.45 percent to 6848 points and the Paris CAC 0.84 percent to 3728 points.
 