Since March, but would have to stand the first group of Swedish prefabricated house in Hofheim-Wallau. Sales begin in April, a home in the series - along with the land - has also received one of the typical Swedish name: Boklok, which should mean &quot;Lives wisely.&quot; The smallest particles of housing should cost around 100 000 euros, and the whole house, about 180 000. Ikea actually sells wooden prefabricated houses since the mid-nineties. In Denmark, Norway and the UK business is going well and there is already built Bokloka 4000. In Germany, the Swedish concern has only recently found a partner, Bien-Zenker from Hessen. The plan is that by the end of the year produced 60 houses and 20 apartments. For in them and the two-storey Scandinavian style, which are divided into apartments, each with two to four bedrooms. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The Wall by Wall ... Ikea&#39;s expansion of home - in fact, Croatia and other German manufacturers of prefabricated houses are pleased that Ikea came to their market.
 For much the times when these houses were in fashion for years, and the less people are opting for such a construction. Last year in Germany, sold only about 6800 homes and prefabricated houses, while in the nineties their number was nearly three times higher. Some manufacturers have already had to file for bankruptcy so that even the Association of German manufacturers of finished houses are hoping that the brand awareness Ikea help prefabricated house again become the &quot;in&quot;. The new man at the head of Ikea Group, Mikael Ohlsson, already has big plans for expansion. In addition to open department stores in Croatia, Slovenia and Serbia, but are ready to step into the market of India. There is a problem that law force foreign companies to joint ventures with domestic companies, and Ohlsson suggests that Ikea &quot;prefer to remain independent.&quot; The new head of the Swedish chain though, and admits he was not clear, nor a national peculiarities and to the west. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: &quot;He lives wisely,&quot; What will these Germans? For example, wondered why so few Germans are buying kitchens Ikei although they are often willing to pay for the kitchen and 20-30 thousand euros.
 Ohlsson is convinced that the kitchen, as he claims, &quot;the same&quot; quality &quot;of the Ikei get for 5000 Euros, but in Germany, barely 5% sales kitchen with a sign Swedish manufacturer. For comparison: in Norway every second kitchen she Ikea in Sweden every third. Even in France, the Swedish retailer holds a fifth of the market kitchens - but the Germans consistently choose other sellers. Author: (dpa / AS) Re. eds Z. Arbutina
 