The 92 000 previously secret documents that were published on Wikileaks, and refer to the last six years of military operations in Afghanistan, there were 76 911 different emergencies, Jutarnji list. This is a description of the allies fighting the Taliban, finding improvised explosive devices, inspections, random killing of civilians, etc. In the 13 cases described the actions of the Croatian Army who are already seven years in Afghanistan. These events are partially illuminate the tasks in which Croatian troops participating. We say partly because of certain events, as notified by the Croatian public is informed, in these documents there. For example, there were no documents about the operation of search and capture members of al-Qaeda that have performed military police and military intelligence services, and is not listed or wounding of soldiers in Kandahar Spehar during training of the Afghan army.
 Lack of these documents should not be surprising considering that at that time, Croatia was not in NATO, and here is an American document that only occasionally describe situations in which they are found by Croatian soldiers. In addition, there is also ISAF&#39;s documentation of the extraordinary events that these documents are not included. So on 19 August 2009. The number of Croatian soldiers from training team (OMLT) together with members of the Afghan army caught in a Taliban ambush in Chancharana. There was a serious exchange of fire in which two members of the Afghan army wounded. Croatian soldiers were finalized after the conflict called for medical help to assist the wounded. This is a report drawn up by the commander of the Croatian team was in action. About this event, the Ministry of Defence did not inform the Croatian public. Ministry of Defence has been left out and a detailed description of the injuries bridle John Husar, which happened on 30
 December 2009. in the American camp Shaeen. Specifically, the MOD is the information that the distributor was wounded by grenade fragments 40 mm during exercise omitted the fact that Croatian soldiers wounded American soldier. Another 11 situation: The drawing up of Germans shelling 28th July 2006. - Sometimes the activities of Croatian soldiers consists only of reporting. Thus the Croatian troops in Chanchranu his commanders sent a report to the members of ANA attacked by shells from the RPG and machine gun. The attack was a member of the Afghan army, was wounded. 10th October 2006. - The Pole Khumrija Hungarian patrol was attacked by an improvised explosive device. Members of the Croatian military police received a tip about the attack at 11:42 pm and immediately went to court to secure the scene and conducted the entire investigation. Croatian policemen in the camp have returned to 13:39 hours. 15th November 2006. - In Mazar-e-Sharif unknown vehicle brands heavily damaged, and there were no casualties.
 Immediately after the accident on the field have come Croatian soldiers from the OMLT, located in Mazar-e-Sharif in order to determine if the vehicle were killed by an explosion of improvised explosive devices. 24th November 2006. - Members of the Croatian Liaison Team (OMLT) along with U.S. forces boarded the U.S. helicopters to three kilometers northwest of Sperwan Ghar gave support to allied forces that shelled out rocket launchers and machine gun fire from an unknown number of Taliban attacked. Croatian soldiers in the helicopter they took the U.S. military base in Kandahar. Call for help arrived at 1215 hours and helicopters took off at 13.02. According to the published schedule of the whole event ended at 15:36 hours. According to an official document of the attack was not wounded or injured. The whole event took place at a time when Croatian soldiers were deployed in Kandahar for training the Afghan army.
 16th July 2007. - Croatian soldiers based in Pole Khumriu received notification from the Afghan army that three ANA soldiers were injured from the explosion of booby traps. The soldiers immediately went to court to help their colleagues. But when they arrived at the scene saw that there was no explosion. Specifically, the Afghan driver was asleep at the wheel and simply crashed into the bridge construction. Since she was a strong shock, he thought it ran over a mine. 13th December 2007. - During a joint patrol Croatian and Afghan troops in Kunduz encountered an improvised mine. The same is comprised of four cannon shells, and was placed in the middle of the road which the patrol passed. 15th May 2009. - Croatian soldiers were shown, and the art of drawing the German vehicles. Germans has slipped off the road Dingo armored vehicle. Croats are invited to help you with the help of cables and another vehicle pulled colleagues out of trouble.
 3rd July 2009. - In Mazar-e-Sharif Croatian patrol found itself in an attack near the improvised explosive devices. Croatian soldiers immediately went into securing the area of attack. The attack damaged a jeep, and there were no casualties. 23rd July 2009. - Croatia-Afghan patrol attacked the Taliban cross-fire from the RBG and machine guns. The attack lasted 10 minutes. The attack destroyed two Croatian LMV&#39;s. 28th July 2009. - Report of Croatian headquarters in Mazar-e-Sharif that there was a grenade attack from RBG members of the Afghan police and one Afghan soldier was wounded. 19th August 2009. - In Feyzabad Croatian soldiers secured the site of explosion caused by a suicide bomber on a motorcycle. The attack that killed three Chinese workers. A similar work performed after the Taliban attack on a school in northern Afghanistan.
 