14 people were arrested in Beijing, Shanghai and more. The Chinese government immediately condemned the award of the selection Committee for the Nobel Prize because Liu was &quot;convicted criminal in this country.&quot; 54-year-old writer and former university professor of literature at Christmas last year was sentenced to 11 years in prison for his involvement in the making 8 of the Charter, a manifesto seeking multiparty democracy and respect for human rights in China. The official was convicted for &quot;incitement to subversive action.&quot; President of the Norwegian Nobel Committee to award Thorbjoern Jagland yesterday said that Liu &quot;the foremost symbol of the hard struggle for human rights in China&quot; and explained that the new status of China in the world carries with it increased responsibility. He warned that the rights secured by the Constitution of China in practice do not work for a large number of citizens. The Committee commended the Liuovu &quot;long and non-violent struggle&quot; and expressed hope for repairing the human rights situation in China.
 Last month, Chinese Foreign Ministry sent a request to the Committee for the Nobel Prize not awarded the prize Liuu &quot;because it would be against the principles of the Nobel Prize.&quot; A spokesman for the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs Ma Zhaoxu said that &quot;Liu Xiaobo felon who did not respect Chinese law.&quot; &quot;Decision on the remuneration of such persons is difficult to distort the principles of peace prize,&quot; he said. Liu Xiaobo, and apparently did not know that he won the Nobel Peace Prize. His superuga Xia Liu hopes that she will allow the weekend to visit him in prison, and communicates his happy news. Chinese media were initially withheld from the prize, but later denounced the award, which was &quot;turned into a political instrument against China.&quot; The Chinese have information about the awards usually shared with one another via SMS and the various chats before the duty censors block messages with Liuovim name.
 Analysts believe that the bold decision of the Board followed last year&#39;s controversial decision to award the greatest peacemaker gets U.S. President Barack Obama. He congratulated the winner and called on China to immediately release from custody Liu. His initiative was quickly backed and European leaders.
 