Yoga (yoga) is a system of ancient spiritual and physical exercises originating in India. Yoga consists of physical exercises, or asanas and breathing exercises, Pranayama, which originated in India where it is considered a means to enlightenment, ie, achieving unity with himself and the universe, Brahman. The word &quot;yoga&quot; comes from Sanskrit and means to connect, unite. Yoga exercises have a full impact because the balance body, mind, consciousness and soul. In this way yoga helps in coping with everyday tasks, difficulties and concerns, to achieve a higher level of understanding of self, sense of life and finally to develop a personal relationship with God. On the spiritual journey of yoga leads to the highest knowledge and bliss permanent union of the individual self with the universal Self. Yoga is not religion. It is the path that we dosegnti the source of spirituality and wisdom, which is the foundation of all religions. Crossing the religious divide, it shows the path to unity.
 Live in harmony with itself and with its environment, the desire of every man. At the present time, we were in many areas of life are faced with increasing physical and psychological demands. Therefore, more and more people suffer from physical and psychological tension, such as stress, nervousness, insomnia, as well as unilateral body burden and consequences of the lack of movement. Just today a great value with methods and techniques for improving health and achieving physical, mental and mental harmony, and in this sense, the system &quot;Yoga in Daily Life&quot; a great aid in self-help. Some types of yoga.
 Hatha yoga, the most popular form of yoga in India, is a way of respect for the deity. It manifests itself in constant repetition of the names of the occult, mantra ..
 Karma yoga is the path of service, which is attractive to people who are inclined to active activities ..
 Jnana yoga is the path of knowledge, which leads people to the guru, for leadership, but also the way of studying the sacred scriptures of Hinduism ..
 Raja Yoga is the path konteplacije, which includes a number of ways of meditation, in which a man exercise, must learn to discipline your body and mind, so that sustained samadhi (union with the Absolute) ..
 Hatha yoga is the most popular form of yoga in the West, people often use the many physical and mental well-being, but also to reach deeper states of meditation. The experiences of people &quot;... Yoga is a very good recreation of itself, and in combination with other sports. I never thought much about it, when someone mentioned yoga in my mind are images of people falling sfrkanih in impossible positions. But when my mom went to yoga and bought a couple of books I started to study a bit about what it is, and even the practice. There is a slow motion stretching and limbering up all over the body where it is very important to breathe properly with each movement. Breathing is just as important as the very exercise. In addition, there are exercises and meditation for mental relaxation. Vježbati can work everyone, from children to elderly people. From the experience of many people can say that yoga really reduces the pain, no matter what hurts you.
 Me personally yoga really helped to improve flexibility, because these exercises activate and stretch the muscles that normally are not active. I&#39;ve always been quite varied, but as yet I managed to yoga to stretch string. It also helped me to improve balance and strength ... &quot;source: http://www.yoga-in-daily-life.hr/joga.htm http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joga http:/ / www.webwombat.com.au / lifestyle / health / yoga.htm http://www.croportal.net/forum/rekreacija/joga-kao-rekreacija-28059/ Views: 198 Comments (0) Write comment for this content I locked. Trenuntno not be dadavati comments. You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account. &lt;&lt;
 