Americans killed insurgents without trial (27.07.2010.) Over 92 000 previously secret documents that were published on Wikileaks, and refer to the last six years of military operations in Afghanistan. Posted on the 76 911 different emergencies, which describe the allies fighting the Taliban, finding improvised explosive devices, investigations, random killing of civilians, etc. In the 13 cases described the actions of the Croatian Army who are already seven years in Afghanistan. Mainly reflect events involving members of the Croatian team for training the Afghan army and military police. Documents covered events in Chancharana, Mazar-e Sharif and Pul-e Khurmija. Activities of Croatian soldiers in Kabul in the documents are not mentioned, the Jutarnji list. Documents partially illuminate the tasks in which Croatian troops participating. For example, no shares listed search and capture members of al-Qaeda that have performed military police and military intelligence, nor is it mentioned wounding soldiers Spehar in Kandahar during training of the Afghan army.
 Lack of these documents should not be surprising considering that at that time, Croatia was not in NATO. In addition, there is also ISAF&#39;s documentation of the extraordinary events that these documents are not included. Every soldier in Afghanistan stood us EUR 450 000 (13.07.2010.) More than in published papers are listed in the events which were attended by Croatian soldiers, and the public is informed about it, or not fully made public the circumstances of wounded Croatian soldiers. So on 19 August 2009. The number of Croatian soldiers from training team (OMLT) together with members of the Afghan army caught in a Taliban ambush in Chancharana. There was a serious exchange of fire in which two members of the Afghan army wounded. Croatian soldiers were finalized after the conflict called for medical help to assist the wounded. This is a report drawn up by the commander of the Croatian team was in action.
 About this event, the Ministry of Defence did not inform the Croatian public. Ministry of Defence has been left out and a detailed description of the injuries bridle John Husar, which happened on 30 December 2009. in the American camp Shaeen. Specifically, the MOD is the information that the distributor was wounded by grenade fragments 40 mm during exercise omitted the fact that Croatian soldiers wounded American soldier. According to the description of the entire event in a document posted on Wikileaks, an American soldier fired a grenade that flew too short and the explosion of shrapnel in the legs of the Croatian and wounded American soldiers. Both were transported to hospital where they found minor injuries. These documents reveal that the tasks of the Croatian forces taking the investigation after an improvised explosive device and training of Afghan soldiers, while not uncommon to find themselves under fire by Taliban forces, the Jutarnji list.
 Previous articles: Americans killed insurgents without trial (27.07.2010.) Each soldier in Afghanistan stood us 450 000 EUR (07.13.2010.) Jandrokovic in Kabul greeted the shooting and armored car (07/20/2010). Danas.hr 27.07.2010.
 