Duelling in England and Germany are not &quot;normal&quot; football game. These collisions are two eternal rivals, football &quot;classic&quot; full of many emotions, prestige duel. Meetings in England and Germany are generally tense - perhaps because they are two great nations so similar. Both on the green lawn, &quot;live&quot; from the traditional virtues such as the fight to the last judge&#39;s whistle. In the early years of a century old rivalry with the English, Germans had to swallow heavy defeats. The first match was played on 20th travnja 1908th A country that considers itself &quot;the mother of football games in Berlin, defeating hosts Germany with 5:1. A year later the Germans in Oxford lost 0:9. And so began the history of unforgettable football drama. Bildunterschrift: The famous scene from Wembley Wembley 1966th The real cornerstone of the rivalry is set at the World Championships 1966th in England. In the finals they met at Wembley and the hosts - the Germans.
 After 2:2 in the first 90 minutes, the feature extensions. I came on the scene Geoff Hurst. His kick towards the German goal hit the crossbar and the ball bounced ... That&#39;s where it really declined? The Referee, after consultation with the assistant on the line, pointed to center field, England went ahead and later won 4:2. The most famous goal in football history (or is not a goal, they say numerous studies) is a theme which will deal with many coming generations. England is in any case, then won his first and only world championship title. His first victory in their mutual encounters Germans (1:0) was recorded only in June 1968. The goal is achieved &quot;Kaiser&quot; Franz Beckenbauer. On Mundijal 1970th &quot;Elf&quot; successfully revanširao for Wembley. Uwe Seeler, Gerd Müller and society with the 3:2 defeat the current world champion - after extra time. The Germans celebrated in April 1972. At Wembley on the European Championships with a 3:1 &quot;swept&quot; the great rivals.
 According to many, it was the best German team in history. Bildunterschrift: Duel German striker Gerd Mueller (left) and English goalkeeper Gordon Banks 1972nd England trauma Most problems Englishmen in duels with the Germans had in those matches where the winner is decided performance penalty. The legendary English striker Gary Lineker turned to experience in the following sentence: &quot;In principle, anyone can beat anyone with a white spot - except when England plays against Germany.&quot; Lineker is the author of the following statements: &quot;Football is a game where 22 men 90 minutes to run the ball, and at the end Germany always wins.&quot; So it really was in the semi-SP-a 1990. in Italy. The Germans have won after the performance penalty, and then in the final against Argentina won its third title in history. Bildunterschrift: The German celebration after winning the title 1990th England is traumatized and the European Championship semi-final 1996th
 Right at home, the famous (the old) Wembley finalists were decided on old rivals - with white spots. And England have failed - in the form of Gareth Southgatea. Again, the Germans celebrated later in the finals, &quot;golden goal&quot; Oliver Bierhoff against the Czech Republic. The Germans were celebrating in the last match which was played at the old Wembley. Englishmen for that special meeting have to be in your best football enemies, which sufficiently about each other than full compliance. Meeting at the World Cup quarter-finals in South Africa is 32 derby in history and fifth in total mutual meeting of the world championships. And for many observers: derby comes too soon! Author: Weber Joschi / sma Re. eds: Z. Arbutina
 