German police on 20 January izvšila mass raids and searches in mosques and Muslim homes across Germany. Computers, CDs and books were seized. The raids were conducted at 30 locations in Baden-Wurtenbergu, Bavaria, Berlin, Hesse, Lower Saxony, North Rine-Westphalia and Saxony. German authorities have stated that the authors of the seized material called for violence against women. Seized materials include primarily all translations into German of a book titled &quot;A woman under the protection of Islam,&quot; which is pronounced &quot;discriminatory and extremist&quot; by the German authorities. According to the Braunschweiger Zeitung newspaper, the police had explained its stance of anti-Muslim attacks, &quot;federal agencies, the youth, adverse media&quot;, which dates from the 30th January 2009, to the German translation of the book &quot;A woman under the protection of Islam,&quot; which was first published in Saudi Arabia, should be placed on a list of inappropriate literature.
 Why Islamic books so disturbing non-Islamic police, the police did not want to explain. German police have heard about this book, they said, when they listened to Islamic preachers Pierre Fogel (aka Abu Hamza) in summer 2009. So that the raids conducted in the flats of Abu Hamza and two other Islamic preachers. Now the police, they said, does not know how to make the life of Muslims more difficult and which charges to bring against them, since under German law, Muslims have not committed any crime in this case. Anti-Islamic actions by the authorities in Germany in its background statement with French President Sarkozy to the country to ban Muslim women wearing the niqab (Burke). As is known, before the &quot;enlightenment&quot; came to Europe, the shawls were mandatory for every Christian in every Christian country, including France. Sarkozy has a chance to personally visit to see if the Christian church in France.
 And he can see icons and statues of the Virgin Mary and Christian saints, women who wear a scarf required. Previously, anti-Islam referendum to ban construction of minarets has been held in Switzerland. Supervision Department Kavkaz Center 6th Safer 1431st hg 21st January 2010. Newer news items: Older news items:&gt;
 