Righteous among the Nations, which is the title given Yad Vashem museum, a tribute was given to the Dutch royal house and the German government, was born in Vienna as Hermine Santrouschitz (Santrušić?) And 13 years, due to food shortage in Austria, moved in Amsterdam. The family that hosted her gave her the nickname Miep. Since 1933. She worked as a secretary in the company to trade spices, Otto Frank. When the 1941st refused to enter the Nazi Party, threatened her deportation to Austria, which is to avoid marrying her boyfriend, the Dutchman Jan Gies. When Otto Frank in July 1942. Miep asked to help his family, which goes into hiding, she accepted without hesitation - I said &quot;Yes, of course.&quot; It seemed completely natural. I had to help these people who were helpless, did not know where to go. For two years Miep with four people from the company&#39;s wing and fed a Jewish family in the shelter.
 Putting your head in a bag and a bicycle tour of shops in remote parts of the city, loads the dots for the purchase of food, which she acquired resistance. When the police raided and arrested Frank, Miep risked again, and went to the police station offering bribes for their release, but it was too late - the family has been deported. Annina papers and notebooks Miep was collected and locked in a drawer, hoping that she will return them after the war, did not read them, because they felt that the intimacy of anyone, even teenagers, sacred. Later, he told them to read them, burned, because they incriminated Frankovih helpers. The diary was handed over after the war, Anna&#39;s father, the sole survivor of the family. All praise for helping Franco rejected as undeserved, saying that she was ashamed of being a praise like that just saved all the Jews in the Netherlands: - It is not fair. So many others were doing the same as dangerous or more dangerous things.
 In an interview with school children 1997th she said - I do not want to consider a hero. Imagine that young people grow up thinking they need to be a hero to perform what you duty as a man. I am afraid that no one else would help, because who is the hero? I&#39;m not, I was just an ordinary housewife and secretary. As a true hero she insisted her husband (who died in 1993.), Members of the Resistance: - He was in opposition, did not say anything, but many did. During the war he refused to say a word about what he does, just said that one night might not come back. People like him were thousands of them and nothing was heard. Miep Gies has died after a crash at home in Amsterdam where she lived since 2000. She left behind a son and three grandchildren. Until his death he received many letters, which corresponded with the help of family friends. While his health allow the, was active and social organizations and all the forces opposed to those who deny the Holocaust.
 