In the UK they are all under pressure to soon establish a government that will work hard to reduce the government deficit of 169 billion pounds. While negotiations are the Liberal Democrats Nick Clegg and David Cameron&#39;s Conservative Party last for days, liberals have decided to begin negotiations with Labour Party. The agreement between liberals and conservatives would be preferable because they are conservatives still get the greatest support of voters in the election, but among them is much disagreement, even ideological. Specifically, the main condition for Cleggov torijevcima coalition with the reform of the electoral system. However, the conservatives do not want to waive the current electoral system because they are afraid that their proportional electoral system could jeopardize the coming to power in the future and make them more dependent on smaller parties. On the other hand, Labour are they now promised a referendum on electoral reform. That is why Clegg was under great pressure of his own party who are opposed to cooperation with torijevcima.
 It is obvious that the Liberals and Labor may be politically easier to agree, especially now when Gordon Brown announced that the party seeks new leader. At the site of the party leader is ready to stay until September. He expressed the hope that this move to help achieve its agreement with the Liberals to form a center-left coalition. He immediately sounded and the Liberal Democrats leader Nick Clegg, who said that Brown&#39;s decision could be an important element in the transition smoothly to a stable government. It did not take long for the ads and torijevci with a new, final offer. Conservative leader William Hague in the parliament, announced that Cleggovoj party to offer a referendum on amendments to electoral law. The decision is now the Liberal Democrats, who after the elections last week have become crucial in the balance of power between the two major parties in parliament, Labour and the Conservatives.
 