The agreement in Copenhagen is to prevent a fall through international negotiations, but has disappointed the expectations of some participants, particularly those from Europe who had hoped to negotiate a new and ambitious agreement. The conference was again demonstrated on the one hand the growing determination ekomonija such as China and India and their refusal to take part in multilateral efforts to reduce emissions that cause greenhouse effect, on the other side of the conference showed that the European Union has limited utecaj and the possibility of pressure, although led the entire process of climate change. The conference revealed how the process is imperfect within the UN, where they actually had to make decisions by consensus. However, any negotiations outside the United Nations would contribute to overcoming the fundamental differences between countries on issues of climate change. Gloomy forecasts about future negotiations on climate change and outlines a new uncertainty about the future of American domestic policy, which tries to seriously tackle climate change and all matters related to this issue.
 At the end of the conference Brussels Forum, organized by the Foundation German Marshall Fund U.S., provided there is room for debate on the question of what made climate change, which brought together experts and responsible for these issues from the European Commission, UN, China and the U.S. . Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The awareness of climate change are changing in the United States Gro Harlem Brundtland, former head of the UN Program for Climate Protection, believes in Copenhagen it was not possible to reach an agreement, because each country used the conference and abused for their own interests. Brundtland believes that only the United Nations with its 192 members the right place for a deal on climate change and that the next conference in Cancun in Mexico, a new opportunity for agreement. Commissioner responsible for climate action Connie Hedegaard said that Copenhagen was not completely ineffective, while the president of the Foundation for Sustainable Development and the Beijing tehnlogiju Kiang said that China wants to participate in climate protection, but does not want to take responsibility for others.
 According to Kiang China wants along with India, Japan, Brazil and Africa to participate in a southerly measures against climate change, but does not want to pay for odgovorst pollution from the past that are produced primarily in OECD countries. As one of the specific measures, China has stated that it began with the environmental education of its officials at the local level. Necessary intensive dialogue Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The former WHO Director Gro Harlem Brundtland Brundtland holds that in actions to protect the climate requires more intensive dialogue between countries and international organizations. It is necessary to have a dialogue about new technologies and trade. Commissioner Hedegaard pointed to the potential that has air conditioning issue. The European Commission would be very happy to find a climate as a topic at the summit and the G20 group of countries, however, it is against China and India. The Commission indicates that the sector of climate protection opens the possibility of creating new jobs and new technologies.
 In the United States is accepted as the climate issue and is associated with technological development and new technologies. There are already very successful projects such as Norway, Australia and Canada, indicating that it is possible to reduce the cost and the amount of CO2. On the next page read, &quot;Who will finance all this?
 