And Ferguson is jamèio Rooney was overtaken by Real Madrid attacker Cristiano Ronaldo, who received 13 million euros per year. In the English league is Manchester United&#39;s attacking hand colon exceeded najplaæenijeg players so far, Manchester City midfielder Yayu Toure, who each week receive 185 thousand pounds, or 11 million euros per year. Rooneyevoj annual beaches could only bring Lionel Messi, who will the annual beach, but just in case that Barcelona won the Champions League and Spanish Cup, amount to 14 million euros. Due to such events and the outcome is not surprising Rooney latest statement. - I want to stay at Manchester United until the end of life. I realized that this is the largest club in the world - said the English attack. Photo Evangelical / Pixsell Rooney were to stay convinced the owners, the U.S. Glazer family. I personally called him Thursday night and he pledged to become najplaæeniji game world.
 According to Sun, then it is called Rooney and Ferguson, and he said that the owners said it would go on and do not meet the requirements of the club&#39;s best attacker. To step up 60 million Ferguson is however added that Rooney did not stay for the money, but rather because it would guarantee the owners of the club in the summer to invest 60 million pounds of reinforcing. In addition, another 20 million pounds plan to get the sale of Michael Carrick and Wes Brown. Part of the English media, however, calculates that it is all just a farce, and that the Manchester team with a new contract just wanted to increase the compensation to his attacker. Specifically, Rooney is a contract in the summer seeped 2012th year, and he therefore declined the cost to the United could get compensation. His new contract is far higher price. And thus Manchester City, Chelsea, Real and other interested clubs would have to spend more money if they wanted to bring Rooney. But now all eagerly expect Rooney to recover from an ankle injury for four weeks and returned to the field.
 