&quot;It is logical that the United States devote themselves to building a long term, stateškog partnerships and alliances, not only from India and Japan, but also other Asian countries, including China, to the future of this part of Asia was stable, and democratic processes are strengthened.&quot; Barack Obama and Hu Jintao during an earlier meeting later this week, 5 November, U.S. President Barack Obama goes on a ten-day trip during which he will visit India, Indonesia, South Korea and Japan. Mr. Obama will present on two big event - the Summit of leaders of 20 countries and economically strongest country in the APEC summit, the Organization for Economic Cooperation countries sharing the Pacific Ocean coast. The key objective of this multi-day trips and the many conversations that would have been president of the American poboljašati economic cooperation and cooperation in the security of the United States and its most important Asian-Pacific partners.
 Mr. Obama last year, the state dinner in his honor, hosted Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Sing. Equivalent this year will be in New Delhi. Mr. Obama will be in India certainly be warmly welcomed, given the general sympathy for Indians. Ron Sommers India&#39;s growing economic and strategic forces. She managed to avoid the recent economic recession, said Ron Somers of the US-India Business Council, and adds: &quot;Job creation is a necessity to one and another. The focus of economic cooperation will be similar to two-way highway between the United States and India, recognizing the fact that India is now the world&#39;s fastest-growing market. &quot;Deepening US-Indian economic ties comes at a time of India&#39;s efforts to strengthen the partnership in the Indian economic policy turning east. In this context, Prime Minister Manmohan Sing recently spent time in Japan, Vietnam and Malaysia.
 Walter Anderson Walter Anderson, expert for the South Asian region and the Johns Hopkins University professor said: &quot;India has huge potential for foreign direct investment. Japan has not invested a lot, but is now preparing to invest very significantly in that country. And China, whose strategic role in this region is very important, he wants closer relations with India, the next big Asian power. &quot;Mumbai, the commercial and financial center of India will be the first stop of Mr. Obama&#39;s stay in the country. Here he will discuss with American and Indian businessmen, to pay tribute to victims of the terrorist attacks two years ago and have a meeting with a local university students. In New Delhi, Mr. Obama will speak in the Indian parliament, which will highlight the necessity for a final confirmation of US-Indian agreement on nuklernoj cooperation. White House officials report that the U.S. president visits Indonesia, so far twice delayed, highlights the importance that the United States attach to relations with the largest Muslim country.
 In Jakarta, Mr. Obama will, with the official talks, visit the mosque Istiglal, the largest in Indonesia, but it will be time to tour the school which he attended as a boy. Countries, members of APEC and the next stage is Seoul. Preparations for the upcoming summit of leaders of 20 economically developed countries in the capital of South Korea are in full flow. In Seoul, will be the seventh time in person to meet Mr. Obama, and Chinese President Hu Jintao. From Seoul time, Mr. Obama leads in Yokohama, Japan, for the sake of participation in the summit countries, members of APEC. Former Undersecretary of State Nicholas Burns points to the need for the United States and China have built some relationships with India and other Asian countries: Nicholas Burns, &quot;It is logical that the U.S. to pay long-term development, stateškog partnerships and alliances, not only from India and Japan, but also other Asian countries, including China, to the future of this part of Asia was stable, and democratic processes are strengthened. &quot;s President Obama in the White House returns to 14th
 November. But even before the departure time the next Friday, will know how and what to change in Washington after today&#39;s congressional elections.
 