Author: Snjezana Pavic Published: 10.10.2010 Following višesatnih conflict downtown Belgrade with broken glass, broken traffic signs and overturned container resembles a war zone. The city was completely destroyed, the damage is one million euros BELGRADE - More than 140 people were injured today in clashes in the afternoon the police and demonstrators in Belgrade. With the incredible security measures in complete isolation from the protesters first Belgrade Gay Pride is still held. RELATED NEWS News Protudemonstranti could not even see the pride parade participants, defended by several police cordons. Upon completion of the police to transport participants Parade marica outside the city center. - The town is completely destroyed, but most important is that no human life is not lost - he said Belgrade Mayor Dragan Djilas, the eye of assessing damage to one million euros. Demonstrators smashed and looted shops in Terazije, containers and burning buses.
 About 200 people attacked the headquarters Demoratske Party Boris Tadic. Smashed windows and set fire to the side entrance. Serbian Defence Minister Dragan Sutanovac said that the building fired several shots from a firearm. &quot;This is unprecedented outpouring of hate that has nothing to do with the parade,&quot; said Sutanovac. Attacked the building of Radio Television Serbia, the party headquarters of the SPS and LDP. Police arrested the afternoon, about a hundred thugs. Since this morning the agency from Belgrade clashes occurred on the opponent gay parade with police from Slavija to Terazija in downtown Belgrade. Violent riots looked like copies of those in February 2008. When Kosovo declared independence, but that today are not the first attack on a Croatian and U.S. embassies. The most important state institutions defended the gendarmerie and police officers with horses and dogs. Center of flying a police helicopter. All violators will be punished, the authorities announced.
 Serbian President Boris Tadic said that the state is fully prepared to be charged with the hooligans who threaten others. &quot;Serbia will ensure the realization of human rights for all citizens, regardless of their differences and any attempts to deny them the freedom of violence will not go,&quot; said Tadic. The park Manjez gathered around 1000 participants pride parade passed the B92, among them the Minister for Human Rights, representatives of DS and LDP, the U.S. Ambassador and actress there ever. As a symbol of the parade organizers have pointed out a sculpture of &quot;winner&quot; by Ivan Mestrovic in Kelemegdanu. The meeting was opened by European Commission representative Vincent Degert, who said that the parade is important as an indicator that society rejects violence. &quot;This is still a sad day that shows that people of different sexual orientation of their constitutional rights can be enjoyed only if the 5000 police officers take care of them,&quot; said former State Secretary Marko Karadzic.
 Patriarch Irenaeus called for peace after all have already parted Belgrade pride parade is a test of how present-day Serbia moved away from ultra-nationalism and violence of the nineties, according to London&#39;s BBC, which Serbia called conservative and religious nation where homosexuality is still taboo. The authorities were aware of it: so is the Minister Ivica Dacic day earlier said that the &quot;highest national interest&quot; set to pass without violence and conflict. But even with 5000 officers to succeed them, probably because after earlier violent demonstrations are followed by judicial sentence. Serbian Orthodox Church called for peace, but only about 16 o&#39;clock in the afternoon, when the streets were already cleared. Patriarch Irenaeus over Bishop Athanasius said that they saw with pain that the 50 young people injured (how many were injured and 13 hours) and that among the demonstrators, &quot;no one who would have received the blessing of SOC, regardless of whether the call it.
 The patriarch called on all to remember &quot;the love of Christ for all men&quot;, but failed to repeat that the SPC against the pride parade. Police tear gas rastjerivala protesters who threw stones at her and Molotov cocktails. BBC thugs called &quot;skinhead gangs.&quot; According to the recordings to the same group of fans and well-trained young extreme right-wingers who are two and a half years in a similar manner demolished Belgrade during the Kosovo declaration of independence. (SP) number of recommendations: 237 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 