British supermodel Naomi Campbell has confirmed the Thursday before the court in The Hague that she was &quot;uncut stones&quot; and thought that they gave the former Liberian president Charles Taylor after dinner made in 1997. by Nobel laureate Nelson Mandela. Taylor, who is on trial for crimes of murder, rape, slavery and the establishment of recruitment of children since 1991. to 2001., when the neighboring, diamond-rich Sierra Leone, took one of the most brutal civil wars, decisively, in January, denied that the diamond donated models. &gt;&gt; Naomi Campbell called to testify at the Hague court, &quot;I slept when someone knocked on my door. I opened the two men who gave me a small bag and said, &#39;A gift for you,&#39;&quot; said British fashion model before the Special Court for Sierra Leone where the trial of former Liberian president. Campbell said she opened the bag the following morning and saw &quot;a few pebbles that looked rough,&quot; the specifics and added that he does not remember the exact number, perhaps two or three.
 About how she told her agent Carole White and actress Mia Farrow the next day during breakfast. Prosecutors intend to witness top-models to prove that Taylor had lied when he claimed that he never had uncut diamonds. &gt;&gt; Naomi Campbell will testify at The Hague Former Liberian president rejects responsibility for 11 counts of civil war in Sierra Leone that killed 120,000 people and thousands were mutilated. His trial was moved from Freetown to The Hague in order to prevent the possibility of destabilizing the region. Blood Diamond is called the gemstones that are dug in a war zone and used to purchase weapons. Naomi Campbell is one of the most popular models in the world, but her nickname &quot;Black Panther&quot; fashion outlining her temper and often leads to the courtroom. Working closely with former South African President Nelson Mandela, Campbell was the muse of Yves Saint-Laurent, Helmut Newton and Vivienne Westwood and ward Madonna and her fortune is estimated at 30 million U.S. dollars.
 Born on 22 svibnja 1970th, in Streatham, South London by a mother who comes from Jamaica and his father, allegedly Chinese. The first record had already 1978th, a school girl in the video &quot;Is This Love&quot; by Bob Marley. Six years later, the streets of London noted the agents makenske Elite agency. In April 1986. year appeared on the cover of Elle, and 1988th in Paris Vogue as the first black model on its cover, which is a threat of cancellation of cooperation fought Yves Saint-Laurent. In the early 1990&#39;s, along with Claudia Schiffer, Linda Evangelista, Cindy Crawford and Christy Turlington was the most famous and best paid top model, the only black woman in the group. &gt;&gt; Naomi dead drunk in Rome in 1991. People magazine has ranked among the 50 most beautiful people in the world. Appeared in a series of music videos of musicians such as Michael Jackson, Jay-Z, Macy Gray, the most notable were the videos of Michael Jackson&#39;s &quot;In The Closet&quot; and George Michael &quot;Freedom&quot;.
 His skin color and perfect proportions (86/61/87) at a height of 1 meter 76, she was the inspiration for the character study Dinsey Pochahontas. &gt;&gt; Naomi Campbell Naomi hit her own driver in 1999. posed for Playboy, but then increasingly gained a reputation for a person who easily plane, spoiled and selfish. In January 2007. New York court awarded her five days of community service after she threw a cell phone to associates. In April 2008. at London&#39;s Heathrow Airport was thrown from the British Airways aircraft and arrested because he spat on and attacked the police agents. (REUTERS / metro-portal)
 