Between 50 and 100 000 people protested in Dublin against the intervention of the IMF and the government&#39;s austerity measures that are requirement for a loan from the IMF and the EU of 85 billion euros. Irish Independent says that this is the biggest demonstration in the history of Ireland and the anger of the citizens especially the information that prompted representatives of 16 member eurozone in Brussels agree on details such as interest on the loan. After the public came out to talk about the 6.7% interest, DPA quoted the Irish Minister for Communications and Energy Eamon Ryan, who believes that it is incorrect, and harmful information, because it &quot;shocked the citizens.&quot; Greece, for example, 110 billion won with interest of 5.2%, and Ireland would only interest paid 5 billion euros a year over nine years. &quot;Europeans are crazy,&quot; In addition to 2014. the budget had to save 10 billion euros to 5 billion euros to introduce new taxes, as a rule at the expense of pensions, social welfare and the like, and would have had to give up 25,000 working places in the public sector.
 Deutsche Welle said that the meeting in Brussels, France and Germany have argued for a speedy agreement to pre-empt the opening stock on Monday in Asia. Of the total amount to patching Irish banks will go even 46 billion euros, which is also indignant protesters in Dublin who were told they did not want to pay someone else&#39;s debts, and sought as soon as possible early elections. According to the Irish Independent poll, about two thirds the Irish against the restrictive measures, while 57% were for it to be a burden of debt to the extent appropriate transfer to the shareholders of problem banks. Newspaper quoted anonymous sources from the government under which they were &quot;completely crazy Europeans&quot; and Finance Minister Brian Lanihana who concluded that the interest rate of 6.7% &quot;completely unacceptable&quot;. In Brussels, however, talked about the following users rescue package EU, Portugal and Spain, whose representatives apparently confident that their country will not have to bail out financially.
 The meeting did not discuss increasing the European Fund for help. Axes at the root of EU Der Spiegel reported on the search for one of the main people Olli Rehn, Commissioner for Monetary Affairs Commission, to fund with 750 billion increase to as much as 1500 billion. But Wolfgang Schäuble, Germany&#39;s finance minister, the member pays far the highest in the EU coffers, it is strongly rejected. Feud spilled over in Germany&#39;s ruling conservative coalition of CDU, CSU and the liberal FDP. FDP requires that Angela Merkel is in talks with other EU insists that banks, speculators and other private investors in the future rather participate in the rescue of Finance. Even before the Liberals and the termination of the coalition if they do not comply. - Profit for investors, a loss to taxpayers. This logic represents an ax to the roots of Europe - Der Spiegel quoted the words of German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle from the FDP.
 