If any of these at a  states or events  rate is taken into account only the individual, and in this case they serve    e that intrigued reader and provoke him to think  ment. On a collective basis, this hill   e fact that we mirrored a truth, which  be able to shake and najskepti   nijeg reader. There are of course those who yielded under the influence of television and other experts and fell in hipnoti  k trans, because they believe this to be trusted with authority. Unaccustomed to let themselves think  ence for themselves, there is no truth that can disturb the e    predubje and their learning and conditioned reakcije.Takvi  e  even negate  and what they see on their own  there. Individuals who are so conditioned can only do as parroted  I thought that the suggestions from the outside, implanted in their consciousness. The consequence is that the brains of millions of Americans now reduced to the intellectual level of a CD player that spins a disk implanted, designed by outside forces whom the general  and not even aware of.
 They then become victims of psychological   male condition known as ³ lemming syndrome &#39;. Lemmings are small rodents known for being  to follow one another when the mountain cliffs plunge into the abyss. Lemingarstvo was  an insidious psychological phenomenon that is present in most mammals  ways, a  may be noted that the term  ordinary people as the most educated and intellectual elite. Lemingarstvo is intellectual rather than a psychological phenomenon ± k , and thus neither the socio - economic class has failed to remain immune to its effects zadavljuju  em. University professor can be e  lemming as much as fashion obsessed teenager daughter . First blindly follow the latest theory of who I was ³ the trend &#39;, while the latter only follows the latest fashion style. Is there a difference? Neither of the two can not  is to defend itself against the forces of nature. Force merge the individual with their social environment can be e  nesavladiva.Za  man ± lemming, the logic behind some of the thoughts is irrelevant as far as is relevant authority or popularity of who she is.  man as a lemming, and social and behavioral  and other  differently or may not  e.
 Naturally, every individual must have this feature, otherwise it would not be able to take even the slightest step towards human civilization. Lemingarstvo is a need to  sociological characteristics of the society   Preservation Society, a native instinct for certain   most of the people. Me  However, as with all natural phenomena and that can be used in e   harmful purposes. The same lemming effect which enables  states masses in a socially just society  system to create a common  advances may also e  u in one unjust in society   particular households, to  makes mass incapable of objectively race  DETERMINATION. This material is certainly not  lemmings will be of no use, because it is a  for lemmings nipoda  denial and destruction of a fundamental defense mechanism that they use not only for its  for protection from unpleasant realities, but also to confirm their loyalty to their superiors . Their beliefs and attitudes must at all costs to be the ³ right &#39;side.
 Lemmings simply can not submit a burden of responsibility, or discomfort in other  households, which goes along with that man when  by  not to think  tion independently of the others. They were only able to repeat what  to  uJU on television or pro  read in the newspaper. Lemmings not only  e used all their energy to the protection  from the influences that can change their dogma, but not  e hesitate to attack even those who question their beliefs. Lemmings in asavaju  at the thought of someone calling them extremists or theorists  fires konspiracija.Ono  which is ironic however, these same lemmings who make fun of all conspiracy theories are first swallowed najbesmislenije theories that can be imagined, when this presentirane by government and re  imskih media! We   we try to raise the awareness of ATI lemmings and rid them of blindness by the self-imposed, although it is not an easy fight against forces that are the result of conditioning, Pavljovljevog reflexes and human nature.
 Chains of ideological conformity  male
 