Ayatollah Mohammed Baqr al-Hakim, the spiritual leader of the Iranian šijitaProšlog week was supposed to be in the White House held a crucial meeting called. Deputies and start the redefinition of U.S. policy toward Iran. The meeting should discuss the new proposal to the Pentagon about the underground operation, as the 29th May revealed an American TV network ABC, with the aim of regime change in Iran that is breaking government conservative ayatollahs. According to the Pentagon, at least so says the American press, a change in U.S. policy toward Iran was necessary because it threatens U.S. interests in three spheres: supporting Shiite demands in Iraq to get out there create a fundamentalist Islamic republic modeled on Iran, developing nuclear weapons, and on its territory protect high-ranking members of Al Qaeda, responsible for a suicide terrorist attack 12th May on a residential complex in the Saudi capital Riyadh, which killed thirty people, including eight Americans.
 Relations between the U.S. and Iran in recent months, passing through some very sensitive stage. Iran before the U.S. attack on Iraq from all countries of the Middle East led najdiskretniju policy. Since the Islamic revolution 24 years ago Iran considers the U.S. its first ideological enemy. On the other hand, Iran was Saddam Hussein felt terrible criminals who caused and started a bloody war against Iran, which killed 600 000 supposedly even Iranians. Iran in the Gulf war in 1991. was booked and held mostly neutral, condemned the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait, did not interfere with U.S. operations, which could, in some detail helped Iraq, for example, tend to their aviation in Iran, and has carefully weighed the consequences this war might have. With these effects has largely been satisfied, because the American forces withdrew from the Persian Gulf after the established state before the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait and Iraq after the war came out substantially weakened.
 All civil actions which he did in Iran for months before this year&#39;s U.S. attack on Iraq showed that there is nothing against regime change in Baghdad, nor against international pressure on Iraq. In Iran it is intensified anti-American propaganda, the U.S. military in the immediate neighborhood of Iran did not consider particular threat. Having destroyed the regime in Baghdad, entered a new phase in US-Iranian relations, because after many years there have been the first direct diplomatic contacts between Iran and the United States. In early May was uncovered hitherto well-guarded secret, that U.S. and Iranian diplomats have been negotiating intensely for longer. These negotiations held in Geneva, and how much is the meaning of the U.S. side was given the negotiations that led to the high level they led the U.S. side. The U.S. delegation in negotiations led by the distinguished American diplomat Zalmay Khalilzad, special envoy of U.S. President George W.
 Bush in Afghanistan and Iraq. The U.S. Department of Foreign Affairs has confirmed that they discussed a range of issues of practical nature, which emerged after the U.S. entry into Iraq, and denied that talks about the possible establishment of diplomatic relations, broken 1979th years after Iran&#39;s radical Islamic students seized the U.S. embassy in Tehran and held 54 American diplomats hostage 444 days. And the Iranian side, officially confirming that the ongoing US-Iranian negotiations, denied speculation that talks on establishing diplomatic relations. The United States in early May and made significant political gesture toward Iran acting upon the wishes of Iran in an issue that could - apparently - seem quite frontier character. On the territory of Iraq for Saddam Hussein&#39;s regime was stationed, and the organization of Iranian immigrants, opponents of the Iranian Islamic Republic Mujahedin KHALK organized as military units and armed with heavy weaponry and even: tanks, armored vehicles and helicopters.
 Hussein it has helped the order always had a means to pressure Iran, and allowed her operatives to cross into Iran and there are organized sabotage and assassinations. The Americans disarmed the beginning of May, and apparently this was done by request of the U.S. Department of Foreign Affairs. But the U.S. administration - the other side - expected the same kind of protugeste Iran. As the first to do something to curb some foreign terrorist group, which had supported Iran, primarily by Lebanese Shia organization Hezbollah, which is organized with the help of Iran&#39;s actions against Israel, the Iranians have shown they are ready. In addition, the Americans wanted a second protugestu: U.S. administration in Iraq is worried about the strengthening of Iraqi Shiites in the south, who have begun to look for - modeled on neighboring Iran - the establishment of an Islamic Iraqi state, leaving Americans, and who drink to be Americans - repel force.
 There were more indications that Iraqi Shiites encourage Iranian Shiites, who make their Islamic revolution now like to extend to Iraq. A key event occurred on 10 May. That day the Americans in Iraq got a new powerful enemy, and that has just arrived - from Iran. After more than two decades spent in exile in Iran he returned to Iraq Ayatollah Mohammed Baqr al-Hakim, the spiritual leader of the Iranian Shiites, president of the Supreme Council of Islamic Republic of Iraq, the great opponent of Saddam Hussein, but also a great opponent of the Americans. He arrived from Iran, first in Basra, Iraq&#39;s biggest Shiite city, where he was at the local stadium violently and enthusiastically greeted by many Shiite faithful. He held a fiery speech in which he once clearly defined guidelines for their policies, their conviction that Iraq needs to create an Islamic republic similar to Iran. Muhammad Baqr al-Hakim was born 1943rd
 Islamic clergy in the family, some of which are in the past played a key role in the formation of Shiite history. He was a great opponent of Saddam Hussein, who exercised hard oppression of Shiites. The first time he was arrested 1972nd, and has already spent several years in prison. After amnestied continued action in Iraq, however, after the Shiite Islamic revolution in neighboring Iran and Saddam&#39;s threats to assassinate him, fled to Iran. Upon the outbreak of war, Iran and Iraq 1980th The Hakim has sided with Iran, and started calling the Iraqi Shiites to revolt against their regimes, raise an armed rebellion and to help Iran, because, when it destroyed Saddam Hussein&#39;s regime, on the ruins of Iraq also be created by new Shiite government. He attempted to recruit among Iraqi Shiites prisoners in Iran, created out of some Iraqi units, who fought on the Iranian side, but failed to incite a general uprising against the regime of Saddam Hussein.
 Due to such action of its government in May 1983rd arrested 90 members of his family, aged 9-96 years, and threatened reprisals if he cease their activities. Hakim refused to do so on 20 svibnja 1983rd was shot six members of the family, among others, three Hakim&#39;s brother and the others are detained in prison. Hakim then become even fiercer enemy of Hussein, and forged a plan to the Iraqi territory, Iranian forces when they began to conquer, to create a Shiite state. It was created and then a bold plan to surround the Iranians mostly empty southern Iraqi city of Basra, and when it department from other parts of Iraq, to settle him Hakim and Iraqi Shiites, which is in Iran there were many, and so form the core of the future of the Islamic Republic of Iraq. This plan is not implemented, but it was Hakim renewed 1991st after the Gulf War, when he and Hakim stimulus in the southern part of Iraq there was a massive Shiite uprising.
 Hakim then over Iranian television urged Iraqi Shiites and Kurds to revolt in northern Iraq to intensify the fight against Iraq. Saddam Hussein responded by condemning Hakim in absentia to death. Many Shiites have listened Hakimov calls, expecting that they will be Americans who had just defeated the Iraqi army, supported, but the former U.S. president George Bush did not want to be in southern Iraq, create a Shiite country dependent on Iran and Shiites did not help, as Republican Guard of Saddam Hussina used and bloody Shiite rebellion quelled. Hakim is now renewed plans for the Islamic republic. Americans know that Hakim will not be able to ignore: Shiites are the largest ethnic-religious groups in Iraq, are extremely loyal to his leadership, many of these religious fanatics willing to sacrifice maximum. Do not fear the Americans, it was evident when at the height of the war operations in Iraq for their own bodies to prevent the U.S. army, armed with tanks that are closer to their biggest shrine in Najaf.
 Hakim is dangerous for Americans, and because it commands a secret paramilitary group fighting Shiite. He gave up the knowledge that they will not allow Iraqi Shiites in the formation of a future government in Iraq to be ignored, as in the early discussions about an interim government. Some Americans are convinced that Iran is behind everything that is sent to Hakim to attempt to take over power in Iraq, and if he fails to at least the southern part. Because Americans are very angry at Iran because they think that it directly undermines U.S. authority in Iraq. After the bomb assassination in Riyadh 12th May, U.S. Secret Service learned that the traces of a conspiracy leading to Iran, which was a key reason for the proposed change in U.S. policy toward Iran. It was found that some of the participants in the terrorist operations have been in relationships with senior Al Qaeda operatives, who had taken refuge in Iran. Particularly mentioned were the two, the Egyptian Saif al-Adel, who is - apparently - after the death of Mohammed Atef in Afghanistan and the capture in Pakistan, Mohammed Khalifa, became the third man of Al Qaeda, and Abu Mohammed al-Masri, also a senior leader of Al Qaeda.
 They alleged organizers of the terrorist attacks on U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in August 1998. Moreover U.S. intelligence sources claim that U.S. intelligence services failed to locate the place where Al Qaeda in Iran has a headquarters in a former hunting ground of the Shah of Iran Reza Pahlavi near the Pakistani and Afghan border, an Iranian army later turned to their base. The terrorist attack of 12th May was the reason for the decision that the U.S. government - as the first - of increasing relations with Iran on the diplomatic field. The U.S. government immediately cut off these negotiations, which led to Iran in Geneva. Because the attack came from the Pentagon, however, and the initiative to review the entire previous policy, which had previously advocated the U.S. Department of Foreign Affairs, to the U.S. and Iran tried to agree on at least non-interference in each other&#39;s strategic interests if Iran will not help Al Qaeda, encouraged Shiite radicalism in Iraq, and to develop a nuclear weapon.
 In order to change U.S. policy toward Iraq, see the first and energetic representatives from the U.S. government against Iran. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld in a speech in New York 26th May has accused Iran of interfering in Iraq&#39;s situation, and warned him not to do so. A representative for the White House press Ari Fleicher also on the same day gave a harsh statement against Iran in connection with members of Al Qaeda on Iranian territory. Some members of the government are open and the problem of Iranian nuclear weapons, and began to argue that Americans would have to intervene just as they intervened in Iraq because there is a danger that Iran would give nuclear weapons to terrorists. However, the U.S. assessment that Iran has no nuclear weapons, but he could have for two years. Today it is more - virtually - no one that can not be prevented, because it has all the necessary technology and expertise for its production.
 Iran has reportedly already begun the production of enriched uranium necessary to produce nuclear weapons. The Pentagon&#39;s plan to bring down the regime of Ayatollah little is known. The report by the U.S. television network ABC, which first reported on it, it says that it is intended that the Ayatollah regime to exert pressure by all means, helping to Iranian dissidents and Iranian exile groups. In this report says that the U.S. military could even reinstate the organization Mujahedin KHALK, back to her arms, which is now stored and used in the same way as it used the Afghan Northern Alliance during the Taliban&#39;s destruction of government in Kabul. Pentagon analysts believe that the organization Mujahedin KHALK need the Americans, because Iran&#39;s internal reform forces, led by President Mohammed Khatami, are not strong enough to change the current political situation in Iran and Iranian people move from government conservatives, the American view of the main carriers of the current Iraq policy .
 Responding to accusations from Washington that Iran in its territory, protecting some of the leading operatives of Al Qaeda, the Iranian diplomats in Monday, the 26th May in Geneva informed the Special Representative of the United Nations Lakhtara Brahimi that the Iranian authorities arrested some members of Al Qaeda, who operated on Iranian territory. It is particularly important that Iran is ready to extradite convicts &quot;friendly countries&quot;, which for their investigation and prosecution might be interested. Under the expression that &quot;friendly countries&quot; Iran in the first place, are considered experts in Middle Eastern situation, referring to Saudi Arabia. Tom reports that the convicts could not extradite Saudi Arabia, Iran wants to eliminate one of Washington charge that he was only formally arrested the men, but they actually under official protection allows you to continue to operate from Iran, and planning new operations. Iran seeks to show that U.S. allegations about its helping Al Qaeda false, since it is in their territory in the last year arrested and expelled some 500 Al Qaeda operatives, who have entered Iran from Afghanistan, Pakistan and lately in Iraq.
 In this context, Iran denied all the charges that are imposed George W. Bush, Defense Secretary Donald Rumfeld, his deputy Paul Wolfowitz, and other so-called. hawks in the Bush administration. From Tehran says they are ready to show that Iran has nothing to do with terror, and hence these new measures against Al Qaeda operatives. But, while Tehran says that Iran - if it will pressure the U.S. to increase - to provide vigorous opposition. The White House determined, foreign policy and security sphere are defined by the alignment of the leading people from different parts of the administration and security spheres. There are three levels of defining policies, while the lowest is the so-called meetings. Deputies, followed by meetings of the so-called phase. Principals, and at the end of the meeting President George W. Bush with his closest associates. Meeting about policy toward Iran so. Deputies, in which they should assemble deputy ministers and directors of key security agencies, was scheduled for Thursday, the 29th
 May. On it were the Deputy Minister of Defence Paul Wolfowitz, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Richard Armitage, Deputy National Security Adviser Steven Hadley and Deputy Director of Central Intelligence Agency John McLaughlin should consider whether there are reasons to change the previous policy, and then forward their findings to him on its meeting to consider the so-called. Principals, Vice President Dick Cheney, Foreign Minister Colin Powell, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, CIA chief George Tenet and national security adviser Condoleezza Rice. However, the meeting called. Deputies did not take place last Thursday, but decided to postpone until further notice: according to some newspaper information meeting was postponed at the insistence of George W. Bush, who asked to be expensive, however additional information and evaluation before they embark on a such an important policy change , which could lead the U.S. into a third war in a row, much tougher and more dangerous than those in Afghanistan and Iraq.
 Iran helped the U.S. to calm the Middle East Tehran urges Hezbollah to restrict American action at this point is extremely important that Hezbollah limit or even stop its operations against Israel, because this will pacify the entire political situation in the Middle East, and certainly ease the Israeli- Palestinian peace process, which the American foreign minister thanked his recent talks with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas. Iran is in this sense, the Americans made a certain gesture, since the beginning of May, arrived in Lebanon Iranian President Mohammed Khatami, saying the leaders of Hezbollah to limit their actions in the moments when the U.S. began a delicate diplomatic action seeking a lasting solution to the Israeli-Palestinian dispute.
 