Author: Antonio Handabaka Posted: 13.08.2010 Spokespersons: The two of them monitored by the media and responding to their communications, and the Taliban themselves are printed two daily newspapers and several magazines WASHINGTON - Taliban spokesmen announced furious denial after being on the cover of U.S. magazine Time of 9 August posted photos of 18-year Afghan Aiša which are cut off noses and ears, and the monstrous act of the accused Taliban. RELATED NEWS News propaganda Effective Time lying when he argues that we are responsible for the mutilation of girls and trying to curry favor with U.S. authorities. Severely condemn this barbaric, inhumane act that is contrary to Islam - Internet quoted Taliban press agency AFP. That advertising can be more effective weapon than bombs, the Taliban realized after they ousted from power in Afghanistan 2,001th year. Those same groups that were once banned television today widely distributed DVDs to the destroyed villages and civilian casualties of foreign troops, and journalists regularly sent press releases.
 They publish newspapers in many languages and dialects, and recently, according to the Italian La Stampa, made the first steps on Facebook. Sophisticated machinery Taliban media unit founded in 2002. Minister of culture and information from the time of the Taliban regime. PR machinery has become more sophisticated and aggressive in the 2004th, thanks to Ustad Mohammad Yasir, an ideology and a member of the Taliban government, and the mufti Latifullahu Hakim, the first real spokesman of Taliban movement. Since then the two zones between the West and the Taliban, and media war rages. Afghanistan is divided into two zones with two advertising spokesman: one for the south and west, another to the north and east of the country. Kari Zabdžullah Mujahid Yusuf and monitor the media and strongly react to incidents such as the AISA. Denial of the story of a girl unakaženoj after escaping from the wife abuser was released in Pashto, Darius, Urdu, Arabic and English.
 The Taliban released two dailies and a few magazines. Share video and audio materials and leaflets aimed at discrediting Western troops, and are increasingly used by Internet sites such as Facebook and YouTube, which was inconceivable before. Number of recommendations: 6 Publish on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 