It all started last edition of German magazine Focus on Monday 22nd February The front page shows the Greek goddess Aphrodite, which shows the stretched middle finger under the photo reads: &quot;Fraudsters in the euro-family.&quot; On that day later said Greek daily &quot;Eleftheros Typos&quot; by publishing a photomontage depicting the goddess of Victory Victoria at Victory Column (Siegessäule) in Berlin holding a swastika. Below the image reads: &quot;Financial Nazism threatens Europe.&quot; In the meantime, threatened to take it a little media bickering turns into a political dispute. In the meantime, the president of the Greek Parliament Petsalnikos the conversation was called the German ambassador and complained to him that &quot;the German media react hysterically.&quot; Just as the vast majority of his countrymen he believes that it is impermissible for one whole nation standing call cheater. Bildunterschrift: &quot;Fraudsters in the euro-family&quot; When emotions are &#39;boiled&#39; His opinion is shared by Vasiliki Georiadou, professor of political science at the Pantheon-the University of Athens.
 She was outraged by the cover of German magazine &quot;Focus has gone all boundaries. Home is a cosmetic failure and worse - the Greeks to put the soul of collective guilt for the state of the economy. Belongs to the circle of people who work hard and diligently and properly pay your taxes. Why would I be &quot;a fraud in the Euro-violence&quot;? also bothers me when it reproaches the Germans of collective guilt. Well, they do reject it for the crimes of the Second World War. And rightly so. &quot; This professor has already sent a protest letter to editorial office of &quot;Focus&quot;, but believes that is still excessive for this case to call for an interview the German ambassador. Her explanation of such a reaction: in the midst of economic crisis emotions very quickly, &quot;boiled&quot;. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The fear of the great &quot;cutting&quot; - a demonstration in Athens, &quot;Whenever a wider crisis in Greece and the feeling of insecurity leads to such excessive reaction.
 Precisely because of the uncertainty many Greeks accept the possibility that their salaries be reduced. That helps a little to the rest of Europe Greece presents criticism. It would be much more useful if we could help. &quot;We are looking for reparations for World War II in Greece, the public reaction to the extreme in the title of your&quot; Focus &quot;different. For example, Greek daily&quot; Kathimerini &quot;believes that it should not be cause for populism. Completely different thinking on the popular TV station &quot;Alter&quot;. There are now four-organized &#39;talk-show &quot;on Greek demands for war reparations from Germany. In the meantime, even the opposition politicians in Greece seeking to Germany immediately sent a request for payment compensation for the crime and the damage inflicted during the Second World War. Even the Deputy Prime Minister Pangalos warned that Greece was occupied by Germany. Bildunterschrift: hear requests for payment of reparations Germany Greece for the crime and the damage inflicted during the Second World War, Vasiliki Georgiadou call calming passions: &quot;We must remove the tray from historical events every time a dispute between Germany and Greece.
 There are politicians and courts that could decide once and for all whether there are reasonable requirements for the repair or not. &quot;At this point, however, Greece has a completely different nature of care. Mid-March, the government must submit a report to the Commission and demonstrate that the measures taken to decreased less in the treasury efficient. Otherwise, before the new, more radical measures of saving, and then on the Government in Athens, bad writing and even local media. Author: Janis Papadimitriou / Z. Arbutina Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 