During that visit was also signed twinning agreements, and the sister relationship Rivers and Qingdao who have already had the status of cities. Among other things, the agreement states &quot;that the two cities agree that they will be based on unity, equality is the goal of achieving mutual benefits and try to maintain close cooperation among the representatives of city government, and gradually build a system of regular exchange of experiences and encourage cooperation and exchange of experiences in all areas, which affects the City Administration, will encourage companies to establish direct contact and make an effort to establish cooperation among the ports and chambers of commerce, work on establishing and promoting economic and trade flows, to encourage exchange programs in culture, education and tourism, continually strive and create new forms of cooperation and thereby deepen mutual understanding between nations, encourage the exchange of sports, especially sailing and share valuable experience in the development of sailing in both cities. &quot;
 The signing was attended by the Ambassador to the People&#39;s Republic of China, prof. PhD. Ante Simonić. During the official visit Qingdao, the Mayor Obersnel participated in the Forum 2010 - Mayor of meeting the Olympic sailing city, and the International Sailing meeting (&quot;The Olympic Sailing City Mayors &amp; International Sailing Summit Forum 2010&quot;), within the international week of sailing in Qingdao. At the Forum, along with the mayor of Rijeka and the hosts from Qingdao participated even mayors and representatives of Kiel in Germany, Busan, Incheon and Ulsan in Korea, France, from Brest, Southampton in the UK and representatives of major world sailing organizations. It was an excellent opportunity to exchange experience in organizing big cities sailing sport events and the development of sports tourism, and all the foundations of sustainable development. On this occasion, Mayor Obersnel presented the developmental potential of rivers with an emphasis on the potential of the port of Rijeka, investment in sports infrastructure and experience of Rivers in the organization of major sporting events.
 Friendship Rivers and Quingdaoa began in 1998. when the river was visited by the delegation of the Chinese port city with about 7 million inhabitants in an area of 10,654 km ² from the province of Shandong. In a sequence of good relations with the People&#39;s Republic of China and through the embassies of both countries, 7 June 1998. The delegation&#39;s visit in Qingdao City of Rijeka has signed a letter of intent to establish friendly relations between the port city. A year later he visited Qingdao Rijeka Mayor then led a group of businessmen, which is in 11th July 1999. The signed agreement on establishing friendships. Since then he has realized numerous contacts in the form of mutual visits, organization of exhibitions, participation in city events, which are friendly cooperation deepens every year. During his stay in China, Rijeka delegation visited Dalian, and with whom there is still a friendly relationship since 2006.
 Apart from officials of the city, the mayor of Dalian Obersnel also met with Deputy Director-General &quot;Dalian Travel &amp; Tourism Bureaua,&quot; Mr. Zhang Feng and his associates, which was agreed to during the high tourist fair in Dalian in October this year, the which will participate HTZ - Croatian National Tourist Board, will be signed Agreement on cooperation between Dalian Bureaua Tourism and the Tourist Board of the City of Rijeka. In Dalian was arranged and a visit to High-Tech Zone - the impressive technology park which covers an area of 150 km ². Visit to China included a visit to Beijing and the Croatian Embassy in the People&#39;s Republic of China. During an official meeting with Ambassador Professor Ante Simonić discussed the possibilities of strengthening economic and tourism cooperation between China and the Croatian and Rivers. In this context, the mayor Obersnel met with counsel for the City of Shanghai&#39;s investment in overseas countries, Mr. Liu Gang, a member of the Chinese Parliament and Deputy Chairman of the Committee on Legal Affairs People&#39;s Republic of China Professor.
 Li Chong-an, with representatives of the University Hospital in Beijing, director of pediatrics, Ph.D. Jiōng Qin and Mrs. Prof. Qiudan Sun, director of the university research center for medicine in Beijing. This meeting was the preparation for the announced arrival of the delegation of the port city of Rijeka Ningboa in early November this year. Ningbo City is interested in intensive cooperation with Rijeka, especially with the port and. Retrieved from Rijeka.hr.
 