The missing link ... Balkan integration taking place before their eyes on the mail for years and nobody even mail that seriously conceived or made to stop them. On the contrary ... ... When you speak out against Croatian accession to the European Union, then certainly not enough to say that all mail is not perhaps in the European Union. Should respond to some other key questions, of which here was the word only once - mail it and who will prevent further balkanizaciju Croatian once refused entry into the European Union and remain in the same society ¹ households with Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro, Kosovo , Macedonia and Albania? Those who are strong, proud, sovereign and independent Croatia let him win power, and make Croatia a strong, proud, sovereign and independent. And then you will be able to own such a Croatia to decide on whether it wants to be in the European Union or the will to get out of the Union call a referendum with the same one that was signed in the mail.
 Now that Croatia virtually no And anything you ¹ s own non decides to claim that it was better to have the same status as the former ¹ s Yugoslav republics, but to be socially ¹ tvu Germany, Austria, France, © Sweden, Hungary, Ireland and Denmark is very risky and potentially very dangerous political platform, which is like the mail and find an argument that will not be misused by the biggest Croatian enemies. So, hm? In addition to salary ¹ of the Balkan community, the author reports does not bring us absolutely nothing about mail that many forms of colonialism, mail them to introduce superkontinentalna hold states. Few Croats will - between the Western Balkans and the EU, choose the &quot;Middle East&quot; - and everything to do what ¹ ¹ and the politicians down to throwing dust in his eyes, fishing in troubled waters and fog. We would not be so worried that they really fog, and those over Pantovèaka Banski court fog, but in reality sales people and hold state.
 In this section the contents ana whose genesis of &quot;democratic&quot; government in Croatia: ... Although according to many opinions we ¹ for Croatia was the most ¾ ¹ eljnije as in Swiss example and stay away from the EU and the regional integration feasible scenarios on how to perform so do not mail it does not approximate but in sight. What will the relevant political forces in Croatia to prevent the Republic of Croatia when the refuse membership in the European Union is not in the next step completely sucked into the Balkan integration? If you would like with us, then be with them, dear Croats! Slovenia was allowed to leave Yugoslavia ¹ fair, but Croatia has had to endure ¾ ati an entire war for such a luxury. Slovenia is easily in the mail by the European Union, but not Croatia, is blackmailed her to unconsciousness. So nobody should underestimate the seriousness of her situation now, ¹ and irresponsible to advocate one thing and that there is no answer to the second ... So: 1
 HDZ is there because the uni ¹ Croatia should protect in order not to be © Switzerland, 2 We are not able to extract from the war because Tudjman with Milo ¹ eviæem agreed war is udang mail has opened a front across Yugoslavia, 3 For mail and generals in The Hague, ZERP and Savudrijska waves are strategies blackmail which again led by HDZ members This is just part of a necklace desnièari and &quot;patriots&quot; are realized through &quot;democracy. When people choke to no end, the HDZ is the only memorial Titinog General Tudjman twitching and values ¹ you to The Hague as a corrupt nation touches &quot;bottom floor&quot; ...
 