Author: Sandra Bolanča Published: 18.04.2010 One hundred thousand people in Krakow took to the streets that accompanied the presidential couple. Spouses are laid in a place where the kings are buried, poets, leaders of a field that is considered a national monument KRAKOW - The remains of President Lech Kaczynski and his wife Mary are now at eight o&#39;clock in the morning arrived in Cracow Balice airport where they were under police escort and the army, taken to the Gothic Basilica of Saint Mary in the medieval central square of Rynek Glowny. In Krakow, a similar picture as the previous day in Warsaw: Mirowski along the street leading from the airport to the city people have made a row and threw flowers into the official cars with coffins. RELATED NEWS News Exactly two in the afternoon, before the Mass started, the whole Poland with two minutes of silence paid tribute to those killed in a plane crash. Farewell Mass at the Basilica presided by Stanislaw Dziwisz, archbishop of Krakow and the personal secretary of late Pope John Paul II.
 - This tragedy will yield good fruit. Russians would like to thank the brothers for help in identifying bodies. This tragedy will bring together Polish and Russian people - Dziwisz said. After his speech the president gave the Polish Parliament and acting president Bronislaw Komorowski. Only when his speech began Jerzy Sniadek, leader of the largest labor union Solidarity - which was once the largest underground anti-communist movement - broke up a long, deafening applause. - All of us in solidarity, including the late President Kaczynski, have been ridiculed and derided for outdated patriotism, loyalty to God and country. Keep the flame of solidarity in your hearts and understand that never goes out - said Sniadek while he gathered a multitude clapped. As soon as the parade with two coffin emerged from the basilica and slowly moved down the street Grodzka to determine Wawel (which is considered a national shrine in the field where Polish kings are buried, heroes and poets), people have made a row, threw flowers and kept applauding.
 With the ringing of bells king Sigismund (which normally ring only for major holidays and when he died, Pope John Paul II.), It was the longest applause of whom were Poles, accompanied the late President and his spouse, continually lasted for 20 minutes. Since the volcanic ash made a complete confusion in the European air traffic, many world leaders were at the funeral, among others, has canceled a visit by U.S. President Obama. Managed to get the presidents of Russia, Slovenia, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Albania, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Hungary, Slovakia and Germany (instead of Chancellor Angela Merkel, who is returning from the United States remained locked in Lisbon and the airport in Rome, came German president and foreign minister) and Prime Minister of Morocco, who arrived by plane Cessna 560th Georgian President Mikhail Saakashvili, otherwise very good friends with the late steam Kaczynski, was in the United States, he returned via Rome, where he was stopped by the volcanic cloud and the Italian authorities had not approved its onward flight.
 Since he was very anxious to arrive at the funeral of dear friends, Saakashvili was transferred Polish media, in Rome Fiumicino airport a little upset, loudly insisting that it must be released. He finally succeeded in the 17 hours he arrived in Krakow. Upon arrival in WAWELSKA Cathedral (which is his first Mass held Karol Woytyla, later archbishop of Krakow, Pope John Paul II.) Held another liturgical celebration, after which the coffins were laid in a sarcophagus in the crypt called Katinska crypt. It will soon have a memorial plaque with the names of all victims of the massacre katinskog. The sarcophagus in which the two names - Lech Aleksander Kaczynski and Maria Helena Mackiewicz Kaczynska - weighs two tonnes and is made of alabaster and amber. Stone were brought from Turkey, it was the past week were as many as 30 artists and only the sarcophagus in the crypt in which lie two: Lech and Maria. In addition, Maria Kaczynska the only woman buried in the crypt, and that life was not for the queen.
 This has been discussed on the streets of Krakow after the funeral. Anita works in a pizzeria near the main square and does not hide that it is a very controversial decision. - I know that is said about the late all the best, but I have one of those who believe that President Kaczynski should not be buried in a crypt wawelskoj. He is not no king, no marshal who was killed in the battle for a homeland. He was killed in an ordinary plane crash, it&#39;s a terrible tragedy, but not a reason to be elevated into a hero. We lost 96 people from politics, science, culture ... and i am on Saturday during the commemoration honestly cried. However, President Kaczynski has lived and worked in Warsaw, his family lives there and was supposed to be buried in Warsaw Cemetery Powazki. In addition, it was the best Polish president, was very conservative, even reactionary on many issues and does not deserve Cracow crypt. Was better Aleksander Kwasniewski, who has before him did two terms - said Anita and her colleagues.
 Either way, the impeccable organization of such a demanding event such as a presidential funeral para Kaczynski who was - in two three hundred kilometers from the city - saw off hundreds of thousands of citizens, with heavy protocol for political officials, clergy, military, policemen, scouts, journalists, and Of course, numerous national and international distinguished guests, Poles deserve praise. Number of recommendations: 16 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 