Text: I. Gojèeta AFP Uruguay and Ghana have shown èari all football games in the match èetvrtfinala which was ¾ pleasure to watch. It was a match that had everything: a beautiful goals, produ you brush, a red card and missed a penalty and the winner is decided the lottery of penalties. &gt; During the meeting the Spells &quot;Black stars&quot; at this World Cup is over, and Uruguay is the first ¾ noamerièka her team went to the semifinals, where they await the Netherlands. After all, as shown in the match menu Rajevac and his players can not be frustrated, but you will certainly regret for missed opportunities Gyan in the last minute extension ¾ beginnings when a white point hit the crossbar. Because Suarezovog playing hand, many will say, and that Africa deserves ¾ ila have a representative in the semifinals, but it was Uruguay who will fight for a medal. Half Muntarijev hit and miss is better, Uruguay entered the match, attacked from the very beginning and did not give the Ganci air the first twenty minutes.
 First he threatened to Forlan, and three times in the first 15 minutes, but every time he defended Kingson. Excellent Forlanov was an attempt in the 15th minute when a shot from 40-meters of sleep but you towards the goal, and Kingson broke the ball high into the air to make it then caught in the hand. Ghana after 20 minutes of the game reached the penalty area, Uruguay, but the attackers Spetljao. In 27th minute opportunity had Suarez whose bona fide hit with the top of the penalty area went inches over the bar. End of first half, went to an African representative. In 30th Vorsah minutes to beat his head slightly the goal, Gyan missed the bona fide chance a few minutes later, in 44th minute of the game is the same Great shot from a distance, but Muslera could not be a surprise. Inkoom a minute later gained the right side, and Boateng milonguera with 7 meters sent the ball over the bar a bit. When it seemed that half will end up with no hits, scored Muntari.
 With the 35-meter shot was Inter&#39;s midfielder and Uruguay complete surprise teams, Muslera failed to arrive at the ball and Ghana went ahead 1:0. And Uruguayan Forlan sebièni attackers took off with a brush you extend the second part of the Oscar Tabarez entered with change, Lodeiro replaced Fernandez. In 55th Uruguay izjednaèio minute. Diego Forlan is a free-to 20-meters shot but you sleep in the middle of the goal, Kingson has started on the wrong side and did not defend. Ganci went back the lead, but Gyan shot from a distance, they could no longer surprise Muslera. Almost half ganskih shots on goal sent the Rennesov attacked. Uruguay have created a beautiful action, but the attackers were in the finals were sebièni, which is why it failed most of good chances. Gyan centimeters share of immortality in produ ¾ beginnings as players on both teams were already tired, and apart from a few attempts from a distance, it was the right opportunity.
 Only at the end of the second extension you first start, he threatened Uruguay. Forlan found himself alone in the penalty area but shot in the outer part of the network e. On the other hand Gyan received the ball 10 yards, sent the ball towards the goal, but went a bit beside the left goal-post. In the last minute extended abstracts ¾ Muslera is reacted badly with a free kick, Appiah&#39;s shot from close range on an undefended goal, and Suarez defended his hand. The judge exclude Ajaxovog attacker, and awarded a penalty for Ghana. With the white point Gyan hit the crossbar and the winners are still decided on penalties. Three failures and Abreuova &quot;Panenka&quot; In the first series of penalties and Forlan scored Gyan, and after them, and Victorino and Appiah. After scoring Scotti for 3:2, Mensah was missed and resulted in a backlog Ghana. Opportunity to escape the two differences failed Pereirra and izjednaèiti failed even Adiyiah. Abreu was the last shot and bravely decided to perform a &quot;Panenka&quot;, which is expecting Kingson.
 With konèanih 5:3 Uruguay has entered the semifinals. Uruguay - Ghana on penalties 4:2 (1:1) Composition: Uruguay: Muslera, Fucile, Victorino, Arevalo, Lugano, Pereira, Perez, Fernando, Forlan, Suarez, Cavani Ghana: Kingson, Pantsil, Vorsah, Annan, Mensah, Sarpei , Asamoah, Boateng, Muntari, Inkoom, Gyan Share
 