Coordinates: 20 ° -23 ° SG W, 74 ° -84 ° ZGD Republic of Cuba (šp. República de Cuba) is a country and archipelago in the northern Caribbean that lies between the Caribbean Sea, Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Ocean. North of Cuba are the United States and the Bahamas, Mexico to the west, the south of Cayman Islands and Jamaica, and in southeast Haiti. The Republic of Cuba República de Cuba of arms slogan &quot;Patria o Muerte&quot; (Spanish: Fatherland or Death) Anthem&#39;&#39;La Bayamesa capital Havana 8&#39;N 23 ° 82 ° 23&#39;W Official languages Spanish Government of the Socialist Republic - President Raul Castro - Vice President Jose Ramon Macado Ventura Independence From Spain - Declared 10th October 1868th - Proclaimed republics 20th May 1902nd - Kastrov first entry in Havana January 1959th Area - Total 110,861 km ² (105th) Population - 2006. 11.38282 million (73.) - 2005. List of 11,177,743 - Density 102/km ² (97.) GDP (PPP) 2005. about - total $ 39.17 billion (without rank.) - Per capita $ 3,500 (without the rank.) Currency Pezos (CUP) Time zone UTC from -5 to -4 Internet domain.&#39;ll Area code + +53 Contents [edit] History For more information, see the history of Cuba [edit] Spanish colonization of Cuba and its Indian population (Taino, Sibon and Ganajatabi) occupied by the Spaniards in the first half of the sixteenth century.
 In the next few decades, the indigenous population was virtually exterminated slave labor and diseases from Europe. In order to maintain a work-intensive economy in the sugar cane plantations, to Cuba were brought tens of thousands of African slaves (17th and 18th century). [Edit] The struggle for the independence struggle for the independence of the colonies began 1868th Fighting from the 1868th to 1878. known as the Great War (Guerra Large), and the 1878th to 1879 as the Little War (Guerra Chiquita). In 1895. Cuban national heroes Jose Marti, Maksim Gomez and Antonio Maceo led the 200,000 Cubans in the struggle against the Spanish colonial government. However, the Spaniards finally expelled from Cuba until the U.S. intervention in the Spanish-American War 1898th year. The United States occupied the island and held it until the formal declaration of independence 1902nd years, after which they continue to dominate the island. The so-called Platovim amendment, which was in force until 1932., The United States retained the right to intervene in the island to protect its national interests.
 The rest of these special rights of the U.S. military in Cuba is a military base in Guantanamo Gulf, which since 2000. serves as a prison for prisoners of war in Afghanistan and Iraq. [Edit] Revolution of 1959 Fidel Castro organized a rebel army, which tried to oppose the then Cuban dictator Batista. His closest associates were Raul Castro, Kamilo Sjenfuegos and Argentine Ernesto Che Guevaras. Kastrov &#39;26th Movement July &#39;was seized power in Cuba 1959th years after defeating the Batistini armed forces. At the time of the triumph of the Revolution, 75% of Cuban land was owned by foreigners (mostly U.S. nationals). Cuba was declared a socialist dictatorship 1961st The new revolutionary government has made land reform and nationalized most foreign-owned companies, as well as local rich. The result was a deterioration in relations with the United States. Castro was not initially declared as a communist, but he was strong ties with the Soviet Union later that privolele thus organizing authority, modeled on the Soviet Union.
 The new government began the reform is what Castro promised. Health and education became free for all citizens of Cuba. The next few decades, Cuba has received substantial assistance of the Soviet Union, mostly through trade sugar for oil, which has placed Cuba on the world market. At that time, Cuba was supporting the communist movements in Latin America (Nicaragua, El Salvador, Guatemala and Chile) and Africa (Angola, Mozambique and Ethiopia, Congo). Only in Angola, Cuba had 50,000 soldiers deployed. [Edit] Transitional period of the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. The Cuba has experienced difficult economic impact and was declared a &quot;special period&quot; of recovery. Although the IMF and World Bank refused to provide assistance to Cuba, the Cuban economy has not collapsed and, even though economic indicators are still lower than 1989th years, feels slow but steady economic progress. Americans have declared a trade embargo against Cuba, which applies to exports of all goods (except drugs and food) to Cuba.
 The largest number of Americans traveling to Cuba is banned (tourist trips are prohibited by law). Americans who travel to Cuba do so secretly, traveling through Mexico, Canada or the Bahamas. [Edit] Politics Cuba&#39;s communist state or a parliamentary republic, headed by the Communist Party. Fidel Castro was the head of state and government since 1959. year. He served as a head of state, head of government, first secretary of the Cuban Communist Party and supreme commander of Cuban armed forces. February 2008. Fidel Castro stepped down from his position of president. For the new president of Cuba was elected to his brother Raul Castro, 24 February 2008. Fidel has kept the function of the first secretary of the Cuban Communist Party. Cuban one-party parliament, the National Assembly of People&#39;s powers (šp. Asamblea Nacional del Poder Popular), has 609 members. They are elected every 5 years. The Communist Party is the only legal political party in Cuba.
 It holds leading positions in the administration of the country, including the judiciary. The key political issues of political life in Cuba include illegal emigration of Cubans in the U.S., the economic embargo that was imposed on Cuba, the United States and the arrest of political dissidents. [Edit] Economy The economy of Cuba is under the control of central political authority. In recent years, reforms were carried out less in order to reduce liquidity, increase enterprise efficiency and eliminate the constant food shortages and some basic resources. In the period since 1989. 1993. The GDP fell by 35%, as a result of the collapse of the Soviet Union, Cuban largest trading partner. After a slight recovery in the next few years, 1999. The GDP increased by 6.3%, as a result of a significant rise of tourism. The Cuban economy today is based on three main economic sectors: agriculture (tobacco, sugar, citrus), mining (nickel) and tourism. Cuba&#39;s main export trading partners are the Netherlands, Canada and China, and most is imported from Venezuela, Spain and the United States.
 [Edit] Tourism beach in Varadero, Cuba Trinidad - colonial town under protection of UNESCO and the Cuban economy is booming because of tourism, which is every year increasing. In the mid-1990s, tourism became the primary branches of economy in Cuba. Many officials in Cuba say that tourism is &quot;the heart of the Cuban economy, and tourism is one of the main preoccupations of the Cuban development organizations. Around 1.9 million tourists visited Cuba in the 2003rd years, which enriched the economy of 2.1 billion dollars. Most tourists come from Canada and European Union countries. In the popular tourist destinations are Varadero, Kajo Koko and Havana. [Edit] Province of Cuba is divided into 15 provinces and 169 municipalities, with a special municipality, Isla de Juventud. [Edit] Geography For more information, see Geography of Cuba&#39;s view from space Map of Cuba Cuba&#39;s Island of Cuba is the largest island in the Caribbean. State of Cuba consists of the entire island of Cuba and the smaller nearby islands, with the exception of Guantanamo Bay, a military port, which was chartered the United States since 1903.
 year. Isle of Cuba&#39;s sixteenth largest island in the world. The island is mainly in the plain, with hills and mountains in the southeastern part of the highest peak, Pico Real de Turkin at 2005 m. The Island&#39;s climate is tropical. Dry season from November to April and rainy from May to October. Havana is the capital and largest city in Cuba. Other major cities are Santiago de Cuba, Olga and Kamagvej. Some of the most famous towns are Barakoa, which is the first Spanish settlement on Cuba, Trinidad, Sjenfuegos and almonds. [Edit] Plot Soil Cuba mainly make plain that the interior of the earth gently rise up to the highest point Pico Turkin, which is 2.005m. The coasts are distorted a number of smaller and larger bays. Length of coastline is 3740 km. The longest river is the Rio Koto in the northeast (240 km) and is navigable only half its length. [Edit] Climate of Cuba is tropical and suitable for growing sugar cane. Average annual temperature is 25 ° C, with extreme summer heat and high humidity air, followed by winds that blow from the subtropical zone to the equator.
 The greater part of the annual rainfall (an average of 1.320mm) extracted during the wet season which lasts from May to October. In August, September and October hurricanes occur occasionally. [Edit] Demographics For more information, see Demographics of Cuba&#39;s demographic map of Cuba Children in school uniforms in Cuba Cuba are Starosedioci Sajboneji, Gvanahatabeji and Araraci. On the territory of Cuba has a population of 11,177,743 inhabitants, according to the census of 2002. years [1]. A large number of Cubans living abroad, mainly in Florida (USA), about 1,000,000. During the last fifty years the population growth rate is 4.3 per thousand. The average population density is 96 inhabitants per km2. In urban areas 77% live in rural areas 23% of the population. Cuba is a multiracial society. The largest organized religion is Catholicism. Santerija is a religion that was a blend of old African religions and Catholicism, and is widespread in Cuba.
 Upon evaluation in 2000. The natural population growth in Cuba is 0.39%. Officially, Cuba is a socialist state. According to the census of 2002. years [1], Cuba has a population of 11,177,743. The majority white population (65.5%), with a tendency to increase the population of African origin and Mulata. The data from this census are as follows: In Cuba there is also a small Chinese community, as well as small Haitian community scattered all over the island, mainly in eastern and central parts of which maintains its own customs and traditions with the support of local authorities. The average life expectancy of Cubans is 75.6 years (78.1-women, 73.3-men), and the average age was 35.1 years. Procanat population aged 60 years and over: 14.7%, while the ratio between men and women is fairly consistent: men: 49.97% Females: 50.03%. Percentage of population living in cities is 75.9% literacy rate was 95.7% (95.3% women, 96.2% men). [Edit] Religion Cuba is unlike the countries of Central and South America less religious.
 In 1980. year accounted for almost half the population are atheists, and 40% Roman Catholic. The remainder consisted of Protestants, and represented both traditional African beliefs (Santerija). [Edit] Languages Spanish language is official language and is spoken by all Cubans, even though there are slight differences in dialects of the three regions of Cuba. Cuban Spanish is generally equal to the South American version of Spanish, but there are words and phrases in a speech to Cubans who are native only to them. For example rembambaramba (= free for all), amarillo (= Saobraćajac because Saobracajci in Cuba wear yellow uniforms), etc. The English language is popular, his teaching in secondary schools is mandatory. Cubans who have attended school during the former Soviet Union and speak Russian. [Edit] Culture famous Cuban cocktail Mohit Cuba is known: For more information, see the List of Cubans [edit] Holidays and Important dates in Cuba was first name
  