It is known that Google is changing its cover only on special occasions. Yesterday it changed. The new logo is made in the form of Soccer City stadium. Google knows very well how and why Yesterday, the popular search engine was painted in red, white and blue and the red and yellow flags of the Netherlands and Spain. We like football or not, as the World Cup finals day is when the Earth stops. This game is called the most important secondary thing in the world. Accessory? Do you know maybe some other event, and central, that so many failed, and on a global level? FIFA estimated that at eight o&#39;clock in the evening at the African time for their TV screens across the planet will be nailed three billion people. Some are not angry people from the International Olympic Committee, but FINA World nogoloptačke most important festivals of the sporting event of our time. We love the Olympics, but football championship are crazy.
 And while we know that Jacques Rogge is much higher than Mr. Joseph Sepp Blatter, mukljaroša proven, but its FIFA today is a star that shines more brightly. No more of the continent that does not dance to the rhythm of 22-ice on the ground. Some are still fighting even mention the truly great popularity of rugby, cricket, badminton, NBA ... ma people be serious. The names of all these sports will be given in small capital letter if they put in the same sentence with His Highness football. Yesterday morning I sat down at the same place where I did a month ago, before the opening ceremony of the championship. Fan Madness Mandela Square in Sandton johannesburškom neighborhood then was full of fans from around the world. Argentines are the day expand their flags and sang Maradona and Che Guevara. Brazilians your selecaou. Particularly vocal were the hosts. They were all chanting. The guests, the game, Bafana Bafana coach Pereira, striker Tshabalala.
 Yesterday was also the same square was filled. Only the flags on it were the other colors. Dutch and the Spaniards were jumping around the monument Neslonu Mandela, hugged each other. Later, after the game, one of these parties will cry. My sporting colleagues will later spin out of formations, playing without the ball and goals. I hope for his texts will have to call in Dubrovnik and from there to consult our Hawkeye, Mateo Beusan. Me instead of all this is more interested in what happens around the football all the madness, ecstasy, adrenaline shocks, love and hatred. And behold, while I write this, the store in which I sit six entrances in checkered shirts. I&#39;m glad I will not hide. We are thinking that our expatriates living in South Africa, when it: - We arrived in Zagreb, Rijeka, Zadar and Slatina, to see the final. There is not to say anything, we just love football and for us it was not difficult to pull even in Africa - we say Velimir, M., Drago, Denis, N., and Mario.
 Let us not think that they purchased tickets hoping to Luka Modric and Niko Kranjcar are here today to play instead of Iniesta and Xavi. These people, like all of you look around you, this evening will celebrate not only one of the teams but the game itself. Noise fan songs on Mandela Square in the meantime so many amps it seems to me that roars around. Returned to me in the past four years, as the final in Berlin. Since Croatia has dropped, and I returned home from Germany, then sent me an editor in the Gaza Strip. The war has just began. On the final day, under the gun and rocket fire, I went into the city. Bombarded enclaves remained without electricity. But my driver was insistent. He learned the restaurant whose owner turned on the generator to 200 fellow soldiers from Hamas and several suicide bombers joy of football. The most beautiful game in the world while I sit here in the middle of Johannesburg, remembers how the bursts of Kalashnikov celebrate the winning goal Fabio Grosso.
 I ran away before the Israeli retaliatory air aviation. I was naive. Even pilots have looked the same. Attacked until the next morning. On football and I spoke with the commanders of Kurdish rebels in Iraq. In Nepal I found a Buddhist monk who loves this game. A Chinese taxi driver was more accurate than I knew all pobrojiti Suker&#39;s goals. Commander of the Mai-Mai militias in the Congo, General La Fonteine, he knew Ciro Blazevic. So I&#39;m sitting in this global world of football holiday in South Africa and I realize how I had the privilege, because I could be here. At the point that last month was the world center. For four years it will be Brazil. Until then, we have no choice other than to dream Croatian samba at Copacabana. In the meantime, enjoy the most beautiful game on svijetu.Share on Facebook
 