&quot;I need only 6 assessment to be great!&quot; My son, brother, Sava, as we have announced that they will not in six months will have any ace, all of which are consecutive days strepeli This is not the first time in the world, something big happens, or something I think is big, but this entry into the Gaza Strip is definitely a global big, just as our TV stations and other outlets that do not come out until February of NG and Christmas schemes and endless repetition of hard to see, and often returns to start the blog to see what it says on the blog . And that silence, of course, Jasmine T, but its angle is always special. This is not a criticism of this conclusion. I remember Burma, the English school, for example, so I move from a my perspective, I really waited for an instruction &quot;from above&quot; whatever that is, that insinuates the man in white say about my statement that I do not know what I&#39;d written about this now . I thought about the attacks in Bombay, for me too big globlanim unprecedented event whose consequences (political, not human) will never be brought under control only culprit&#39;s arrest, and be here more words.
 I say this also because the global blogosphere ears in such moments, and we somehow do not follow this trend. Moza is this something that could lead to statistics, in time reducing the account, the profile of issues that experience peaks. Again I say, not a criticism, the statements said. I do not read the blog to hear the news (although all honor, there were moments when we were the first), but reactions to events, views about the processes and to meet the environment. To move things along, casting a referendum on the constitution, to lobby for his option, so long as it has other tricks to blog for this purpose is if oće or understands how powerful, what to do. And to share some of their belongings. I write so often and to combine it all, because I see that blog, this space is like no other. I see life like that. I do not mind that our blog got a new component, although all domninantniju-elementary particles-that I am baptized BLOZON.
 Zante what, the days can not remember, and jel Rhythm, however it is not, I barked, and he has become a Facebook and I know that is not what I mean, the degree of anonymity is a fundamental difference .... What was the show with messages personal nature, I thought ol here for sister and me a new game type ajd quickly but without Google nabroj skakonice 4, 7, and to Secretary of Communist Youth League, and yesterday my son-Ozone! Because there is no BLOZON moment might not have managed to make so many good steps collective nature and actions such as support Krugolina, 5 park, Doctors klovnovima (all organizers at all cards are one of the heart), etc. .... I wonder Is Nikola Knezevic had attitude about it, about the global solidarity and alienation of modern man-that somehow all of this simplified pre-miss that was recently put on his blog. And again, comments and debate are we so good to me and give confirmation that the blog healthy, so to speak, that is OK in the atmosphere can deny, to give a contrary opinion, čestitiati NG and then everything on the list, etc..
 I have not completely followed the previous fajt here about the Middle East, but I know that it was incompatible with the serious moments. But here, the children were at Kopu, I on vacation, I will have time (and conditions) to take care of the parish, and to embark on an adventure. A more certain, given what I say, I write out of my head, no me neither welded nor write my days there, in the accounts is nothing new, but I am who I am, watching CNN, reading The Economist and everything else, and told to exchange impressions about this. Slowly, before I conclude that under the influence of only the above-mentioned (why nobody has never said that I was under the influence of the Messengers, and he read najredovnije, or under the influence of the State House) I think her little head and drzna that often (said statistics) to share my impressions you. I read regularly say Sergei Karaganova, but not under his influence. You write how you see all this, it does not matter who you are and why you write so, dal somebody pays for it il have a normal human need to debatujete and exchanges, bitnan express the attitude.
 I have no knowledge and courage so that I have a definite and clear position on the Israeli-Palestinian issue, but to me the amount of violence on both sides of incomprehensible and unacceptable, I can only interpret that all the value systems of a right of his 21 centuries, but I have a stack of impressions. Honestly, I do not believe that no one who has much greater knowledge of the history of events has a much better insight into what to do next. When this conflict comes, I think MZ and all directly involved and the burden to property &quot;too much history,&quot; and too little consensus of what is acceptable and what is not in the 21 century, and where on the globe. The first and strongest of me, think again by hundreds of dead and this is the first thing I think, to watch the war in vivo with ogormne distance, watching, watching, and then ... go to sleep. (Do not do anything or is it the eternal return to the question of how to stop a sufficient &quot;Washing conscience&quot; and dal mormao all the best to stop, who should, dal&#39;m voting for someone transferred part of their responsibilities and for this it ... ah, This will be fruitful blogovska 2009) The one about how disproportionate to the big event in the world and how we do not deserve to break through to New Year&#39;s paper for packaging I&#39;ve already said.
 Someone here said, good-timing devised by Israel, referring presumably to the UE globlano. Neither the opening of the Olympics and in China, nobody&#39;s been bad, right? Is the war in Georgia has given legitimacy to this now? Timing was a &quot;good&quot; and Bombay, the United States in the transition of power. And here, Europe has remained silent until yesterday I think. And it&#39;s interesting. Have you heard about Russia&#39;s reaction to the concrete, which is like a round with ćoše. &quot;It is essential to end the suffering of civilians on both sides to stop the bloodshed in that will provide a bilateral ceasefire ... Russia will continue to vigorously pressure in that order,&quot; it said in a statement. Respect pliz, I still have not found, yet we need to understand the Czech statement, whether it is a position of presidency of the EU and Czech, are checked. Otherwise, Schwarzenberg said that the statement of the spokesman of the Czech prime minister to an Israeli land attack on Gaza &quot;defensive, not offensive,&quot; misunderstood.
 Scheffer said NATO could, under some conditions, when someone called on NATO, but it&#39;s all on the long cane. But why then says. BTW, just keep in mind that by what you think about me, Kosovo, Batajnica Grdelica, the Mediterranean is one of the strategic place of realization of further consolidation of NATO, in terms of whether regional or global players, both in terms of focus and mission operations. I hear Serbia. Someone here said it is not wise to a small country has the attitude about everything! Dal is so? Wise Ljubisa Sekulic, my idol at the Forum for International Relations, has taught me that it is a great power can and unprincipled, say because they have nuclear weapons to reinforce the argument when he snort, while smaller ones just principle and helps in the long run. SB-guess of course no single consensus on the most recent eskalciji conflict, and no matter how everyone respected him globlanu institution like the UN, the UN is not democratic and is archaic and in need of reform. Until then, go to the crisis, the UN has some mechanisms and consensus, but we see them all over for that and no.
 And what in these circumstances. To banalizuje completely, whether it is better to die around the 500 (civilians and soldiers, two warring parties, either) or a number less than that say global body that could stop the violence, no matter who it is formed. Is it mandatory formation for all countries čalnice group or voluntary? How the government to solve on their level, professor army, or nonprof sooolidnim with benefits? What are the benefits, if not as compensation for the eventual risks. If no extra risk, which benefits, making them more surgeons have? Sanctions? To whom, how. Both id rugi impose them, and often killed civilians. Civilians? Do they have to do with the power to defend them-threatens-is .... is it better to stop a conflict which we do not like-not appreciate, but to stop him, il to the conflict take? What is a team of civilians pritet in life? Someone yesterday said such izraleskoj government (and how that picture of Israel, and is there a better alternative in the world of choices, I do not believe, nor Churchill I believe) will be Hamas, as Hamas will be such by the Israeli government.
 How, again, Hamas came to power? (A Not Toma Nikolic tolko evil, let him have it meinstrimizovali and washed, for the sake of what exactly?) I, again, the best The Economist about this. When Dr House is silent. And yet Israel should not be surprised by the torrent of indignation it has aroused from around the world. This is not just because people seldom the back side with the F-16s. In general, a war must pass three tests to be justified. A country must first have exhausted all other means of defending itself. The attack should be proportion to the objective. And it must stand a reasonable chance of Achieving its goal. On all three of these tests Israel is on shakier ground than it cares to admit. And yet, since the days reading, watching, here and write about this conflict now, I caught myself thinking about how to flow to the Delta šitija to see whether the sale. Sad dal in the car I think about the achievements of R2P, it is another.
 I think, what to say, I need only six evaluation to be excellent. Happy New Year to you all, readers are still. Between the options of comets or constant (controversial as some would say) I have a dilemma! I need only 6 more mark!
 