American political leadership and hundreds of thousands of people in different ways to commemorate the ninth anniversary of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington in which the 11 September 2001. The 2977 people were killed and six thousands of injured. In front of the university Malibu is so stuck on the pitch exactly how many American flags were victims. - Time passes, but not our memories of one of the saddest days in American history. We will never forget our loved ones who lost their lives due to the deadly terrorist raids - said Michael Bloomberg, mayor of New York at a commemoration that began at 8:46 pm at Ground Zero, just in time when the first hijacked plane struck the North Tower WTC . &gt;&gt; And Muslims praying at the fallen World Trade Center in&gt;&gt; Pastor Terry Jones: Definitely give up burning the Quran first lady in Pennsylvania silence sunny September morning in New York yesterday broke the city sounds horn with which the citizens called for disclosure of minutes honors.
 At New York&#39;s commemoration came U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, Barack Obama was at the Pentagon, where nine years ago, third aircraft, which were controlled by Al-Qaeda terrorists killed 184 people. - I proclaimed 11th September national day of commemoration and community service and nine years after I say that we will never forget what happened that day and all those who died - he said. First Lady Michelle Obama and Laura Bush, wife of former president attended a memorial service in Pennsylvania where the fourth plane crashed field after passengers attacked the terrorists. Nine years later, America and the world still do not know the full truth about the terrorist attacks. Elusive Osama main culprit to justice Osama bin Laden has been arrested and end the war in Iraq can not be called a victory in Afghanistan, while still being killed by American soldiers. Otherwise, the anniversary is an occasion for remembering all the absurdities of the tragedy of 2001.
 Many do not know that at 17 floor of the south tower, WTC was a prayer room for Muslim believers, and thus Gemini 11th in Sep. killing sixty Muslims. &quot;America has lost all chances and must leave Afghanistan&quot; America has lost all chances for establishing peace in Afghanistan and must be unconditionally withdrawn, according to Afghan Taliban in his proclamation on the occasion of 11th September And about 2000 people marched peacefully, carrying lighted candles, in New York on the eve of the anniversary, in support of the construction of mosques and Islamic center near the scene. - We set to reject stereotypes of Muslims. We reject the idea that any part of the city close to a group - said Susan Lerner, director of human rights groups Common Cause. &quot;
 