Guinea-Bissau is a country in West Africa. On the west exit to the Atlantic Ocean, and borders with Senegal to the north and Guinea to the east and south. The territory also includes the nearby islands Bijagós. [Edit] History In colonial times the country is called in Portuguese Guinea. Portuguese after their arrival, the 1446th land used as a center for the slave trade. Having been associated with the Portuguese Cape Verde, a group of islands in the west, the 1879th became a separate colony. The country has, unlike its neighbors, since 1963. until 1974. waged war for independence, after the departure of the Portuguese liberation movement PAIGC (African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde Islands) have kept the political monopoly until 1999. with occasional interference vojske.Prvi president was Luis Cabral. Since plans for unification with Cape Verde dropped to 1980th After a peaceful coup took power João Bernardo Vieira, which she won the first free presidential elections 1994th
 Vieira was dismissed 1999th After one year of bloody civil war in which his opponent was Army Chief of Staff Ansumane Mane. Second, in January 2000. freely elected president Kumba IALA also dismissed the coup 2003rd The last coup occurred in April 2010. when he was arrested Prime Minister Carlos Gomes Junior. [Edit] Economy Guinea-Bissau is one of the poorest countries in Africa and the world. Agriculture is the main economic sectors, and exports to cash walnut and peanut. In addition to these branches of the economy is also engaged in the production of coconut, cotton, fisheries and timber. It is well known, and existence of oil reserves, but is still not exploited. GDP in 2004. was 700 USD per capita, as measured by PPPs. [Edit] The country has a population of 1,442,029 inhabitants (2006). [Citation needed], of which 1% white or mulatto and 99% black. Since most African nations are nations Balanta (30%) and Fula (20%).
 Besides them, in Guinea-Bissau and the people living Manjaca (14%), Mandinga (13%) and Papel (7%). As for religion, most citizens were inclined to pagan beliefs (65%), while the rest are Muslim (30%) and Christians (5%). Education is only 42.4%. Most working-age population is employed in the primary sector. v • d • Independent States in Africa, Algeria • Angola • Benin • Ivory Coast • Botswana • Burkina Faso • Burundi • Chad • Djibouti • Egipat1) • Equatorial Guinea • Eritrea • Ethiopia • Gabon • Gambia • Ghana • Guinea • Guinea-Bissau • South Africa • Cameroon • Kenya • Comoros • Democratic Republic of the Congo • Republic of the Congo • Lesotho • Liberia • Libya • Madagascar • Malawi • Mali • Mauritania • Mauritius • Morocco • Mozambique • Namibia • Niger • Nigeria • Rwanda • Senegal • Seychelles • Sierra Leone • Somalia • Central African Republic • Sudan • Swaziland • São Tomé and Príncipe • Tanzania • Togo • Tunisia • Uganda • Zambia • Cape Verde • Zimbabwe Dependencies and autonomous regions • Canary Islands • Ceuta • Madeira Mayotte Melilla • • Scattered islands • Reunion • Saint helena2) • Western Sahara • Unrecognised State Somaliland SADR 1) Partly in Asia.
  Fill it to Wikipedia. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gvineja_Bisau&quot; Categories: Articles lacking sources | Stubs States | Guinea-Bissau
 