7th December 2010. Belgium joined to Uje threatened ¾ forth eurozone countries Greece and Ireland have fallen, but now tr ¾ ¹ those at lower ¹ anu except Portugal, © Spain and Italy have and Belgium after Greece, had the Irish as a second member of the eurozone to get the money the European Union and the International Monetary Fund in order to survive. Thus two of the five high debt you hold certain states, skraæeno called PIIGS (Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece and Spain ©) recognized its financial nemoæ. 1st December 2010. The crisis knocks on the door of China According to my mail opinion of British financial analysts Mark Hart, China has become a huge credit bubble that only mail that is not broke, while Faith Filippi, Chairman of the Board Adriatica Capital, believes that, except real estate market you and mail, other economic indicators in China show no signs of China is overheating Next hold states in which the financial crisis would erupt, foreign analysts believe. ¹ According to my opinion, the British financial analysts Mark Hart, China has become a huge credit bubble that only mail that does not break.
 After the economic recession in the United Valsts states and the European Union, the crisis of the economy that will go with the real estate market and you ¹ that will soon catch and China. Homing analysts believe that there are reasons for concern, but not in the short term. 30th November 2010. Wikileaks has information about Mladic Wikileaks has a document that would reveal the mail to Ratko Mladic is not arrested, writes the British Guardian ¹ s not saying the details of diplomatic messages from BiH discussed the runaway general responsible for genocide in Srebrenica. 26th November 2010. U.S.: When Ðure Jakubec bomb factory discovered The U.S. police arrested Jakubec, originally from Serbia, and seized him Largest quantity of explosive material ever discovered in the U.S. The U.S. police have arrested a major Jakubec George, originally from Serbia, and seized him Largest quantity of explosive material ever discovered in the U.S., released a television channel 10News.com.
 25th November 2010. Rising tension on the Korean peninsula, Obama sent the nose of aircraft U.S. President Barack Obama and his ju ¾ nokorejski counterpart Lee Myung-bak agreed maintenance of new joint military exercise you would like a response to topnièki attack North Korea A day after the phone to North Korean soldiers fired hundreds of shells on the island Yoenpyeoong in ® yellow Sea, during which they killed two of her ¾ nokorejskih soldiers and two civilians, while at least 18 people were wounded, the situation on the&gt; hot poluotokuYes on 19Taj car shows that Germany in the global technological vrhukrivim razvojimadramatièno incorrect term putemneeuropske zemljeDo ¹ there have been attacks on the mail neater any ¾ victims, injuries , the mail and employees are in the bunker. Fired from rocket or minobacaèa and then from strojnicaNema vi ¹ e sukobaTitanicVojska, the best days of my ivotaVojska you, the best days of my life ¾ fourth August 2010. Google Earth became a service for control households ¹ Office of the CIA and FBI have IT programs that resemble Google Earth that allows it when you look ¹ to be happening on the streets around the world while the bulk of the population ¹ population that has access to the Internet is considered as the life without the Internet search ilice Google almost nemoguæ, there and a group of people who believe that Google is&gt; a friend who needs to work èuvatièija create circumstances for possible violate the law &lt;.
 17th o ¾ March 2009th Tito is to blame for pit Hudu ¹ Former President and Slovenian Prime Minister Janez Jan ¹ a believes that Josip Broz Tito and the Slovenian Communist leaders Edvard Kardelj Kidriè and Boris were among the main organizers of the post-war executions on the Slovenian territory after the Second World War. In light of the discovery of a mass gorbnice in Huda pit, Jan ¹ a the templates and to remove their monuments in Slovenia and that the streets do not call their names. Jan ¹ a claim based on its letter mail that it was Kardelj Belgrade 1945th Kidrièu sent. It warns Kidrièa to be cleaned rapidly since the preparation of an amnesty for prisoners of war and civilians arrested, ¹ it was then mail their term for the removal of politically undesirable. It is believed that the Kidriè Kardelj most responsible for the murder of a Gentle. He is convinced that Slovenia still feels the culture of death which was created decades Slovenian communist re ¾ im. In an article published in the weekly Jan ¹ Democracy and before you is that the Slovene Parliament passed a declaration of reconciliation which would cost the occupation during the war was the source of all evils and that resistance was justified.
 But that resistance to the communists seized and that the defense is led by the Home Guards were also against them as a legitimate act of the branili.HRT
 