09/04/2010 U.S. President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev called the new Agreement on Strategic Arms Reduction historical event related to former enemies and move towards further reduction of armaments. (Washington Post, AP, Nine O&#39;clock - 09/04/10; Reuters, AP, AFP, DPA, BBC, CNN, New York Times, Washington Post, FT, RFE / RL, VOA, Sofia News Agency, Diary. bg, Mediapool, Croatian Times, EUobserver, the White House - 08/04/10) U.S. President Barack Obama (right) welcomes Romanian President Traian Basescu at the residence of U.S. Ambassador to Prague on Thursday (April 8). [Getty Images] signing a new agreement on the reduction of armaments between the United States and Russia on Thursday (April 8) in Prague signals continued progress between the former Cold War rivals. U.S. President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Dmitry Medvedev signed a new version of the Agreement on Strategic Arms Reduction (START) of the Prague castle, the residence of Czech presidents.
 They both welcomed the agreement as significant for both countries and the global arms control. The agreement, which must be ratified by the parliaments of two countries, replacing the START treaty in 1991. years, which expired in December 2009. year. When the new treaty enters into force, both countries will have to reduce the number of deployed nuclear warheads by 1550 in the next seven years. Such a limit on 1550 is 74 percent less than the limit specified initial START treaty and 30 percent less than that laid the Moscow Agreement of 2002. year, according to a statement on Thursday announced the White House. United States and Russia will also have to reduce by half the number deployed and nerazmještenih rocket ramp and heavy bombers equipped with nuclear weapons, thus the number reduced to 800 per country. The new START-om also limits the number of deployed ballistic missiles and heavy bombers to no more than the 700th
 Check will be conducted by 18 field inspections annually. &quot;This shows the commitment of the United States and Russia - two countries that have more than 90 percent of the world of nuclear weapons - the global pursuit of responsible leadership,&quot; said Obama, addressing hundreds of officials in the Spanish Hall of the castle from the Renaissance era. Describing the agreement as a &quot;triumphant step&quot; for the world, Medvedev said he opened a new era in US-Russian relations, while allowing a greater level of cooperation in other areas. However, he stressed that the two sides remain divided over the planned U.S. missile defense system in Eastern Europe. Shortly after the signing ceremony, the Kremlin has sent a statement warning that a new START agreement could turn from the track if the United States be strengthened missile defense systems in a way that poses a significant threat to Russia.
 Similar articles Loading Obama said the two sides agreed on a &quot;deeper dialogue&quot; on the issue. Later Thursday, Obama has hosted a working dinner with leaders from Eastern Europe: Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Polish, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia. He tried to reassure their guests that warming of relations between the United States and Russia will be at the expense of Washington&#39;s allies in the region. When it comes to possible new UN sanctions against Iran regarding the nuclear ambitions of this country, Obama said that Russia and the United States are working together in the UN Security Council on this issue. &quot;We can not pretend that we do not see,&quot; Medvedev concurred, saying the sanctions against Iran should be &quot;smart&quot; and do not need to bring misfortune to the people of Iran. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 