Atheism is a terrible thing: every day of the Christian believer must look like to put out the light of reason and every mind, how to lose meaning criteria and the truth mixed with stupidity and lie. In this regard, particularly drastic example of mixed coherent and nesuvislog the second half of the twentieth century makes current French political thought which presents itself as the European New Right, although it has to do with the right hand only so much as incorporated in this opinion and traditional attitudes about the nation and society. In reality, how we perceive the whole, the attitudes of French and some German thinkers with traditional thinking and ethics are in a deep rift, so that the French &quot;right&quot; really is not right, but a bad surrogate for true European right. Showing such a quasi-right wing gave us Dr. Tomislav Sunić releasing the &quot;Circulation Hasanbegović&quot; in late 2009. book, &quot;The European New Right - the roots, ideas and thinkers.&quot;
 Foreword to the book written by one of the main French left-right-wingers, Alain de Benoist, who was very famous, and here is the same edition and published his, otherwise, very well written analysis of totalitarian ideologies, entitled &quot;Communism and Nazism.&quot; However, the presentation of opinion and of De Benoist, with this book it becomes clear that the idea of the real right he did not quite clear on, because in the last two thousand years it seems right hand: the belief in a monotheistic God (for Christians, Christ) and the spiritual center of the nation the authority of God, the hierarchical order of the family, whose father was commander of the house and head protection of unborn life in the womb, the exclusion of any tolerance for homosexuality, then the idea of nation as a self-governing units, which elect their own rulers, but admittedly can join the confederate association People similar cultures (eg board of the crown), which is raskidiv, but not in the Federal Association of Peoples of different cultures (which, under the terror becomes inseparable).
 In addition, the federation colonial subordinates outside the nation&#39;s political center of the nation, sapping her money and resources, limited freedom. The nation&#39;s centralist units of the seven illustrations of the French &quot;New Right&quot; in violation of items 1, 2 and 3, and it is not clear with the idea of a federal Europe, though there are some good comments about nenarodnom character of modern Europe. Dr. Sunić book is divided into three chapters and a key part of the book is actually the first and second parts, while the third part consists of the Annex, which makes the &quot;Manifesto&quot; false, pseudo-right. In the first section after this introduction presents Sunić II. Occurrence of right-wing, showing the Communists III. Antonio Gramsci on the right, trying to explain what it is IV. Conservative Revolutionary Left or right hand, analyzes V. Carl Schmitt and politics as destiny, the idea VI. Oswald Spengler and (his interpretation) of history as destiny, and finally shows how the French left and right completely turned against Christianity as defining the VIII.
 Pagan right, that shows the title of the last chapters, the first part of the book. The second part of the book explains the concept of egalitarian mysticism and trying to understand the roots of contemporary crises, but they can not succeed because neither the author nor French writers did not realize that the cause of deep social crisis of the West is precisely the rejection of &quot;an authoritarian God,&quot; which attacked the idea as an abstract spiritual Terrorism! And Part II deals. Metaphysics of equality, III. New right hand and unmatched equality, then the term IV. Homo economicus as a war against all, V. Totalitarianism and the idea of egalitarianism and the idea VI. Homo sovieticusa that communism as an egalitarian entropy. Featuring a number of representatives of the new currents of thought, etc. Sunić managed to present their most important ideas and come up with some important insights, and we agree, but in many issues of &quot;New Right&quot; is eradicated from the healthy right, because eg no electricity, which until now called right has never been accepted as
  Christianity did not create the false notion of egalitarianism, however, the French right-wing pseudo-egalitarianism in the misery of communism and egalitarianism fake &quot;human rights&quot; and the chances of false wrongly blamed &quot;Judeo-Christian civilization and authoritarian God&quot; of this civilization, because they do not see that the crisis caused by human society away from God as a common standard hierarchical relationships and behavior. Christianity did not create the false notion of egalitarianism: if they are all morally equal before God, are not equal in gifts and functions, as Christianity recognizes the elite and the aristocracy of the spirit and the idea of inequality, but the idea of solidarity (which he wrote Nikolai Berdyaev in &quot;Philosophy of inequality &quot;)! I am the Christ, in parables, says that each servant gave a different number of talents, but all people did the same to the court of God and the law of mutual love! This is what the Gentiles &quot;right&quot; rejected by ceasing to be - God&#39;s right hand.
 &quot;New Right&quot; refers to Oswald Spengler and see &quot;... that the European culture morphed into a civilization that is threatened by advanced forms of social, moral and political decay ... (because) Europe has gone through a period of culture today in the hottest form of surviving the winter of its existence ... &quot;(p. 101), but this&quot; right &quot;does not see that this has happened precisely because Europe has fallen away from their religious roots: the laws that grant gay marriage laws are decadent and decayed Europe! Greece is known pederasty and lesbianism, but were possible only marriages based on the nature of man. On the one hand, de Benoist claims that the new right to declare a federal Europe, but admits that &quot;... federalism is undoubtedly part of the tradition of the empire, not part of the tradition of the nation state ...&quot;! (32). Federalism begins with the emergence of the United States as united colonies! But on the other hand De Benoist properly rejects centralized Europe, where the state is building a free nation &quot;... imposed on the project&quot; Constitution &quot;and that it has not raised the issue of constituent power ...&quot; (p.
 33). Insurmountable inconsistencies between federativnosti and united Europe Who rules this empire, this Europe? Bureaucracy of unknown origin, which is chosen estate! This contradiction raises the question of how a united Europe at all possible, if it is federal and, if federativnost in contradiction with the idea of nation-states? On the one hand, these &quot;rightists&quot; advocated by the European federalism, on the other hand would like to have an independent nation-state! That&#39;s impossible! Converts to federalism in the notion of equal peoples, then it becomes konfederalizam! The European Union is not. The idea of European unity with a constituent nation-states is enforceable only as konfederalizam nation-state, with a spiritual leadership of what was once Europe had a Pap! However, the idea no one comes to mind, particularly since the &quot;new rightists&quot; opponents of Christianity, so that no &quot;new right&quot; has no original solutions: they can not even have because you do not want to see that contemporary Europe has grown at the former papal vision of the Roman Empire under Charlemagne restored and then the idea of the Holy Roman Empire 962nd
 year - which was the fruit of the theocratic ideas that 1150th was given, and its climax in the political idea of &quot;two swords&quot; of the Gospel: the Pope and the kingdom krunjenih - from papal Rome. Europe without a single spiritual center can not exist: if it is not coming together shared ethics and religion then combines amorphous technology and economy. Who is America and England had the right leadership in the world and to determine who should and who should not have nuclear weapons? Law militarily stronger, not religious law and the priority of the living God! Mankind without God declares to God, and among the &quot;gods&quot; government - one that is imposed by violence. In addition, the &quot;New Right&quot; is at odds with the philosophy of history, because it does not understand, since it is a Christian discipline evolved from the idea of Providence and Christ as the center of history. Moreover, rejecting the theological idea of God&#39;s providence, (p. 130th to 135th) to model these thinkers take the pagan idea of &quot;re-start&quot; history: &quot;... In contrast judeokršćanskoj dogma that believes that history begins from a single father in European paganism no trace about when the weather began.
 Instead, historical time is always starts (...) In pagan cosmogony, according to de Benoist, time is a reflection of the history that is conceived as neolinearna (...) In contrast, judeokršćanski monotheism excludes the possibility of historical return, or &quot;re-start.&quot; According to this understanding of history must run at a predetermined way, to progress towards a final goal. &quot;New Right&quot; does not understand the idea of Jehovah God&#39;s leadership clearly recognizes that man has a history, but only to the extent that the tasks of history, particular tasks and the specific objective ... &quot;(p. 130). De Benoist rejects the goal of Providence as a&quot; reduction of choice , directions and opportunities ... &quot;because the&quot; New Right &quot;does not understand the idea of God&#39;s guidance: the company is usually better political party to plan their operations years in advance in order to realize such ideas, struggling against the competition, and since then it would not do to God as the omnipotent being in a mystical battle of good against evil? If the French intend to return to velehvaljeno Greek paganism and polytheism, (p.
 118) which intend to worship God? Zeus? Or Apollo and Dionysus? Will we rebuild the shrine at Delphi? Or will raise a monument to the &quot;unknown God&quot; (St. Paul, Dj. Ap.!)? Does this mean that history stems from the idea of chaos, that everything would be perpetual random start? Since the French thinkers do not believe in the Christian God, they do not understand the idea of historical fulfillment in God. Therefore, their return to paganism act of the new atheism (and where worship God? Is not defined!), As is characteristic of a real right. Even the representatives of the Nazis spoke of Providence, because it is still so much left of the culture of Christianity, and these &quot;new&quot; does not understand, nor so much! As history continues to run, it&#39;s former right hand of God all the Left! However, the French attitude &quot;New Right&quot; should be nothing surprising: once the fracture between the English and French Freemasons emerged precisely because the French freemasons rejected the idea of God, with whom they are dealing with English Masons.
 And this is the spirit that emerged from the &quot;philosophical&quot; views of the French &quot;right&quot;. However, to avoid any misunderstanding, at the beginning of the book significantly helped us personally foreword writer Alain de Benoist. About himself said that he &quot;... might even happen to be presented as a &#39;right leftist&#39; or as an intellectual who is stimulated by referring to left-wing ideas and right-wing values ...&quot; (p. 30) And then Dr. Sunić explains that &quot; ... writers of the New Right does not want to be labeled as &quot;conservatives&quot; or &quot;rightist&quot;, and even less as &quot;fascists (...)&quot; (p. 40) which is why even thought about them instead of the &quot;New Right&quot; mark with the notion of European left-wing conservatives &quot;(sic). It would be better to call them sketchy conservative leftists. Čić Emil Comments (1) Joomla components by Compojoom
 