Author: Drazen Krušelj Posted: 20.06.2010, &#39;Is Beckenbaeur actually being generous when he said the game the English team as &quot;charged and run football&#39; - that is, where is the race? ZAGREB - Fans and the media, to put it mildly, shocked editions of the &quot;three lions&quot; in the group through which they would be likely, with some luck in the second round and broke the team Ipswich Town. RELATED NEWS News &#39;Make your reward&#39; There is no passion or energy, no real cooperation among the players, there&#39;s no winning spirit, and the menu does not offer solutions. From hero who changed teams and blood picture returned pride to the nation&#39;s football Fabio Capello quickly sank to the status of Italians who used to blow half and set the design of its frame glasses. &quot;Here you earn your salary, opravdaj of six million pounds a year&quot;, scream the tabloids on Saturday. Lost and Carragher is Friday, otherwise, for the English was the day of your dreams - at least until the start of the match with Algeria.
 Previously, in fact, defeated Germany, and then Uncle Sam and broken teeth on a tiny Slovenia. But the duel with rastrčanim &quot;Desert Fox&quot; story was turned upside down. England is frustrated, leaving Wayne Rooney terrain throws at the camera as a &quot;great if you own supporters insulted&quot; by proving that he was once again missed the point of the story and that not living in the real world, while Ashley Cole, or Budweiserov player games, says defeatist - it have been worse. Indeed, with more attacking ambition Algeria could easily win. England for the passage of a group in the third game has to win Slovenia, with such an outcome could easily be a champion of the group. However, less chronicler of the English camp believes in such a denouement as this Capellovo company struggled to find a common chemistry, a leading player Rooney acting as if the World Championship flew in from vacation, and the defense is lost through the King, and now Carragher (two yellow cards).
 Thus we come to the paradox that the mother of all football teams battle fears of skiers and hikers. Slavery forfeited at the World Championships in fear of the English dežela by David Letterman these days unsuccessfully searching the map is a nice sketch for a larger portrait of the SP to which Gulliver and the Lilliputians swapped places. Reputation associated with the favoritism of the judges, fame, money, influence ... All this is currently very little means big European teams. Do not believe me? Take a look then in the statistics. England, Germany, Italy, France and Spain, Continental football cream in the past eight games World Cup can boast - a victory? The French are afraid to return to their homeland where they were home with honor insults &quot;wretched&quot; and &quot;size of the imagination.&quot; The English have their heels, and the Germans last group match is welcome without its most serious attackers Klosea ... On the other side are the Lilliputians - Slovenia, Slovakia and Switzerland - which are the sum of recorded just one defeat in six matches so far.
 Move to the southern hemisphere European balance of power has been seriously disrupted. For the reputation of great concern is the only major South American team ... Goal difference key for placement in the second round of the day, each of 32 teams in the world festival will play two games and everyone will know what must be achieved in the last match in the group to win next round. It is worth noting that after three games played in the event of a tie on the first order to decide the overall goal difference and a greater number of goals scored and only then a mutual match. 1st ranking second in all games goal difference in all matches, third goals scored in all matches, fourth number of points in each other&#39;s matches, fifth goal difference in each other&#39;s matches, sixth goals scored in each other&#39;s matches, seventh lots of recommendations: 7 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 