Rusofobija (Russian Rusofobiâ); antirusko mood; the socio-political phenomenon that is characteristic of intolerance (and often hate) to the Russians, Russian culture and customs, the Russian language and Russian global politics. Events and the reasons are many, mainly political in nature and as a result of historical colonization of countries in the Russian environment and the forced Russification. Rusofobija is especially present in certain Russian republics within the Russian Federation. Then there is the United States, Britain, Poland and some countries of the former Soviet Union. Especially istakunta in post-Soviet states with large Russian minorities who settled these areas in the Russian-Soviet colonization. This primarily refers to the Baltic states of Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine and Moldova something less, then some states like Georgia, Caucasus. Rusofobija the mid-20th special notice of the century in Finland, Norway, Czech Republic, Hungary and some other European countries.
 Rusofobija the other hand has a strong opponent and Rusofiliju where justified and unjustified to propagate and glorify the Russian history, culture and more. Such a form of communication, especially noticeable in some countries such as Serbia, Germany, Italy and other countries. Contents [edit] History Rusofobija, first appeared in the 16th and 17 century in the expansion of the Russian state toward East Asia during which she performed a number of smaller colonization of Eurasian nations. Rusofobija was markedly enhanced colonization of some Eastern and Northern European countries in the 18th, 19th and 20 century. The Cold War was also strongly increased hostility toward Russians and Russian culture of the United States and Great Britain. [1] [2] Today rusofobija spread mainly due to global politics and the unresolved historical and political issues with the Russian post-Soviet Russia&#39;s neighbors that the Russians had previously colonized.
 This primarily refers to the Baltic states, Ukraine, Poland and the Caucasus states. At the global level rusofobija still highly noted in the U.S. and the UK. [Edit] Forms rusofobije [edit] See more [edit] Sources [edit] External links Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rusofobija Categories: History of Russia | Hatred toward nations
 