Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has been intense lobbying helped to Sochi in Russia to bring the Olympic Winter Games 2014th, and now his main goal is the same city, and the same year, to ensure inclusion in the calendar of Formula 1 and his countrymen to give the maintenance of the World Cup 2018th ili 2022. The first task will most likely successfully zgotoviti but these days it is eagerly anticipating his final contract with the initialing of the most famous boss Bernie Ecclestone octane sport. He confirmed to the latter the local media: &quot;The documents have not yet signed, but will as soon as they sign the appropriate people in Russia&quot;, is transmitted. The annual &quot;rental&quot; of the F1 calendar Sochi should cost as well as this year&#39;s new recruits, Singapore and Abu Dhabi, a path that will begin construction immediately after the signing of the contract claimed to around 200 million U.S. dollars. However, Russians are all that are still approaching With great caution, in the minds of the year 2002.
 and promised a race in Moscow that was never implemented. Former Mayor of Moscow Yuri Lužkov, which is 2010. Sacks Russian President Dmitri Medvedev, discovered that the leaders of F1 almost like to keep all the profits for themselves. &quot;All they wanted to put away money in your pocket, leaving us to pay for all costs and be happy with the inhalation of smog that will leave us,&quot; he explained. Two Formula One driver John Samarin also approach this issue cautiously, warning that we should not expect immediate success and the payment of costs that will be spent on construction. &quot;F1 racing in these conditions is a real Utopia. We should first build a few trails for maintenance of the national championship, and only then begin construction of track for Formula 1,&quot; presented at the surface of the Russian problem - by organizing virtually no one race immediately want to jump on beyond the highest, in addition to expecting a quick profit and return on investment.
 &quot;Building a path of investment in the future, while maintaining the prestige of the F1 races for the whole country. It will appeal to the river of tourists who are willing to pay for performance, but investors should be aware that profits may be expected for several years,&quot; he warned. The Russians currently have only one pilot in F1, and he can be proud of it - first. Vitaly Petrov was only this season, in fact, set the wheel of Renault.
 