Ministers of the European Union condemned the killing of Mahmoud Mabhuha in Dubai without mentioning directly to Israel. The police is certain that the murder of the radical Islamic Hamas committed by the Israeli secret service agent Mosad. Targeted killing Mabhuha, who was in charge of arms shipments into the Gaza Strip, a deep, it was pointed out in Brussels, EU upset, because it does not lead to peace and stability in the region. It is said that this is about the methods that are not appropriate for 21st century. While yesterday (22/02/2010) foreign ministers agreed on what attitude to take toward Israel, Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman has sought appointments for individual meetings with EU ministers. This is one of the topics of writing the German press on Tuesday 23.02.2010. The Hitman abused European passports Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The list of suspects with warrants for the murder of the Hamas arms suppliers Mahmoud Mabhuha in Dubai 20.01.2010.
 Newspaper Sueddeutsche Zeitung writes that Lieberman first met with British Foreign Minister David Miliband head. Miliband Lieberman wants to transfer the dissatisfaction of the British government by the fact that several persons suspected of the murder, arrived in Dubai with falsified British passports. The heads of diplomacy of the EU are at yesterday&#39;s meeting also discussed the loss of confidence in the passports of EU member states and concluded that he must do all that trust back again. One of the suspects for the murder he had a German passport as for Germany, according to high officials in Berlin&#39;s Ministry of Foreign Affairs Werner Hoyer (FDP), an extremely troubling fact. The German government will therefore support the work of the State Prosecutor&#39;s Office in Cologne, which will examine under what circumstances is one of the perpetrators in general got a German passport, says Sueddeutsche Zeitung. Confusing disability Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Mossad chief Meir Dagan same newspaper in a commentary titled confusing disability stated: &quot;The EU condemns the killing in Dubai.
 The heads of diplomacy were to Israel, though not by name, made it clear that targeted killings can not achieve peace. At the same time the EU has demonstrated its powerlessness, which refers to the shaken confidence in the European Union passports. Hitman seized the identity of the citizens of the Union, lamented the heads of foreign ministers in Brussels. Nothing more than that they occurred to me. The European Union is divided, and Israel uses it. As is best seen in the art of the Israeli Foreign Affairs Minister Avigdor Lieberman. He instead to meet with everyone, calls to individual heads of diplomacy of the EU talks. European foreign policy has shown great weakness when it is in Israel and the game seems like it has lost any impact. These are understood and the Palestinians, whose President Mahmoud Abbas in Paris, seeking support for its political course. That does not Izreal zarezuje EU has to do with the political constellation in Jerusalem. But their inability to EU in the first line must be attributed to itself.
 Brussels can not seem to realize that reconstruction assistance is not sufficient and that the impact on the Middle East has only one who is able to provide long-term guarantee of peace, &quot;the commentary says Sueddeutsche Zeitung. Too many James Bond? Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: An image from the passport of one of the commandos, who had a German passport with the name Michael Bodenheimer Israeli authorities have denied having any connection with the murder in Dubai. newspaper Die Welt transmits feedback Israeli diplomacy chief Avigdor Lieberman who has publicly during his visit to Brussels, told reporters a single sentence, and that believes that all too many watching a movie about James Bond. Die Welt then explains that 11 suspects had forged passports to Britain, France, Germany and Ireland and that they used cell phones with SIM cards from Austria. German passport who had a paid killer was completely authentic and was issued in Cologne under the name Michael Bodenheimer.
 Bodenheimeru trail leads to Israel. He was supposed to move to Cologne lived in Herzliji, north of Tel Aviv. His address was found on a commercial building, where the Friday (19.02.2010) stated his name in the Top Companies Office. After two days, these traces have disappeared. The Internet is named Top Office found that the firm operates. &#39;Virtual firms&#39;, performs secretarial tasks, and receiving shipments. Most interesting of all is that the seat just in Herzliji Mossad, &quot;says Die Welt. A series of evidence against the Mossad Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: killed Mahmud al-Mabhuh Sueddeutsche Zeitung reported that the chief of police in Dubai rejected Israeli allegations that there is no clear Mosad evidence of involvement in this murder. &quot;He said that there is a range of evidence, which charged Mosad and lead Israel into a serious diplomatic crisis. Police chief in Dubai is sure that the ranks of Hamas there a mole, or a Palestinian who has paid his travel plan Hamas arms dealer Mabhuhsa, calling it is actually true killer.
 So he called on Hamas to lead the investigation into who might be a traitor in its ranks. The Israeli newspaper &quot;Maariv&quot; he writes, citing Palestinian sources, the police in Dubai urged Syria isporučenje Mabhuhsovog deputies and officials of Hamas Nehru Massud. He was then deputy killed in a network smuggling arms and just before he arrived in Dubai. Hamas, however, dismissed all doubts Massud. But it is obvious that in the background leading open power struggle between Fatah and Hamas. Because they stayed in Dubai and two members of Fatah, who were arrested on charges of preparing the ground group murderer, &quot;concluded the Munich Sueddeutsche Zeitung. Author: Jasmine Rose Re. Editor: Mehmet Smajić
 