Do not go to our lawyers at the international level, they just do not go at all. As if they all conspired against them. First they were the International Court of Justice in The Hague fired nasty šamarčinu in the form of advisory opinions. And just when they stopped their cheeks are red and buzzing in the ears, decreased, reached a new slap in London. The Court in London has rejected the request for extradition Ejup Ganic, on the grounds that Ganic in Serbia would not have had a fair trial. &quot;The process against Ejup Ganic conducted in Serbia was initiated and is used for political purposes,&quot; it was clear Judge Timothy Vorkmen explaining the decision of London Court. That is what the advisory opinion of the ICJ plain bullshit learned judge ICJ, wrapped in visokoparnu legal form, see every legal layman. This could be an argument in favor of the defense expert honor and dignity of the legal team that represented us before the ICJ in The Hague. On the other hand, when a state seeks the extradition of a citizen of another state by a third country, then the courts, and a third country very, very careful.
 And it could be an argument in favor of the defense expert honor and dignity of the Serbian War Crimes Prosecution in the case Ejup Ganic. However, when one country put on Interpol warrant its citizens and urges other countries to extradite him, it&#39;s usually not a problem, especially if these two countries in friendly relations. How then to understand the news, which last week came from Russia in the Ministry of Justice of Serbia, that Bogoljub Karic won political asylum in Russia and it will not be extradited to Serbia? We know that the Karic brothers - Bogoljub, Sreten, Dragomir and Zoran, and their sister Olivera, accused by Serbia and its citizens robbed by some forty million, we also know that they fled to Russia and that there are free to spend our money . All that we know, but I do not know how the request for the extradition of our lawyers are our brothers, the Russian lawyers, and explained to them the legal evidence offered.
 If the explanation is similar as in the case of some of Mrs. Mira Milosevic and her son Mark, then the decision of the Russian judicial authorities could somewhat understand. Let me remind you, Russia is once, refused to extradite Mira and Marko Milosevic. Our lawyers are in demand for irzručenje competent Russian authorities, the aforementioned Mrs. heavily burdened for the irregular allocation of a flat of her son&#39;s nanny, and for illegal construction in the courtyard of their house in Dedinje pordične. The charges against Marko Milosevic were far more serious. He is accused of carelessly wielded chain saws to the main office and its surroundings. Neither lawyers sudskocrkveni SPC at the international level are more successful. Competent ecclesiastical court raščinio Archimandrite Simeon, returned it in order to lay the name Dejan Vilovski and forbade him to činodejstvuje the Orthodox churches and monasteries. Evidence against him on embezzlement 350 000 euros, SPC has provided competent prosecution.
 The ordered Simeon, and Dejan, he fled to Greece. However, the Supreme Court of Greece has rejected the request for the accused ekstradikciju Vilovskog and let him loose. If it is believed, Defence Vilovskog, Greek judicial authorities, the request for extradition, the request is sent only for the investigation and any additional documents that would show the validity of extradition. For example, there are of course much, but these are man enough to ask whether our law schools study courses in international law, comparative legal traditions and comparative legal systems? If so, what are the professors who teach them? If these and other necessary conditions are met, then why are our lawyers at the international level so unsuccessful? Is it perhaps due to the international reputation of the country they represent? If it comes to the latter, our lawyers suggest that, when exhausted all legal possibilities before international courts, take a spray in hand and the facades of the courts in The Hague, London, Moscow, Thessaloniki ...
 inscribe us well poznatti garfit: &quot;Justice for the Serbian lawyers!&quot;
 