From Friday (31.7.) Is also sent troops to participate in the distribution of goods. Because it is no longer just a problem of fuel that could be found only in the rare gas stations, but in the meantime gone into many stores of fruits and other perishable goods. Those tourists who choose their residence in the country to help Greece, have bitterly complained about his decision. Many are staying on hold down the gas stations, and on Crete are many tourists their vehicles loaned by Rent-A-Car, simply left on the roadside. Serbian media reported that only from this country in Greece &quot;stuck&quot; around 100 000 tourists. Black market flourishes Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Driver&#39;s license in Greece is not enough! The government and the carriers seem to never find a compromise. Basically, the problem is old and not very logical. Because in Greece is not enough just to have an appropriate driver&#39;s license that someone could sit behind the wheel of trucks to transport goods or fuel that is just one of a series of occupations that are subject to the state monopoly and are issued special license, just like many cities in the world licensed for the provision of taxi services.
 But while licenses for taxi drivers is normally incident &quot;strange&quot; things, Greek licenses carriers have turned into a real capital. For Greece for the past 40 years has not issued a single new license for the transportation service, and those who wish to engage in buying this business license of those drivers who intend to retire. In so created a market license can cost at 300,000 euros - at least, quite theoretical, and if at all issued, the state would permit it collected only a few euros. Of all this country has absolutely nothing: the whole shop is practically carried out on the black market and there is no way that the state then picked at least a value added tax. Bildunterschrift: Home to many has turned into a nightmare at a petrol station in Brussels can not tolerate a long time it seemed that anyone with such a situation, at least in Greece, can live. This of course meant that licensed drivers have a monopoly on transportation in this country and they can charge their service more expensive - which ultimately paid by all citizens.
 But it meant that no foreign company for transportation services, can not open its branch in the country, and that it does not have to hire someone from that circle of privileged driver - that a company or from other EU countries. It is however something that Brussels can not be allowed, since it represents a clear violation of the membership. Because the government in Athens working on the new law, where everyone with an appropriate driver&#39;s license, he could offer his transportation service. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: protesters did not care what was destroyed and the season of Greek truck drivers were so desperate: they all hoped that one day, just as it was purchased and then sell their license to be able to enjoy age. The new law would be the night of their investments in the air and turned their rage has no end. On the other hand, the government in Athens has so far been adamant the carriers: the call is being contested on the license under which they undertake to perform the transportation service.
 If they do not, or if you strike, then the government has the right to cancel all the strikers that privilege. The threat that the driver was a little scared - finally, no longer have to lose. Taxi drivers, captains, lawyers ... The escalation of the conflict could only be followed: for the Greek government wants to liberalize and many other services that have so far been limited, but also enjoyed a monopoly. And taxi drivers are concerned, although in Greece a license for a taxi costs around 100 000 euros, but the liberalization of the stores and transport services by sea. Affected were some intellectual services so willing to reform legislation, who is in Greece may be considered attorney. Author: A. Subic (dpa) Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 