Bombings, chaos, arson, violence, death! It is written in the everyday life of Afghan nearly a hundred thousand pages a strictly guarded secret and the U.S. military appeared on the Internet. And Croatian peacekeepers were attacked, revealing a huge database. It is mentioned as 13 high-risk tasks. A year ago, Croatian team for training the Afghan army fell into an ambush, in Chaghcharan, in the west of the country. In a fiery encounter with the Taliban in Afghanistan, two Afghans were wounded. To show the data organization specializing in the publication of documents, mostly obtained from &#39;whistleblowers&#39;. Public concerning the Ministry of Defence has not learned anything. Vukelic also denied media reports that the Croatian troops in Afghanistan engaged in combat missions and that his ministry has withheld it, saying that soldiers only helped the wounded and to the combat action, and informing that the ongoing verification of why the report on this issue HV in Afghanistan differs from that of the U.S. security services.
 &gt;&gt; MOD hiding dangerous actions of Croatian soldiers, &#39;Why in the report among the 90 000 of these pages says the opposite? We now examine, according to a report of our soldiers, that they only participated in pulling wounded Afghans. Their job is dangerous, the job of soldiers is that, even when the peace and when carrying out peacekeeping tasks, let alone in a place where there are terrorist and attacks. It is always possible accidents. But what is important, our members do not participate in any war activities and conflicts that are associated with the Taliban. We are in the north and in Kabul, we are no longer in the west. But there are terrorist attacks and attacks on our camps. Soldier is a dangerous job, but what is important and it is important that our not participating in military operations, &quot;he said Vukelic. &#39;In any case, our reports have come from the field talk about participation in the extraction of wounded troops. So it suggests that our Armed Forces later came to the place of the attack and help in the draw as part of their mission, &quot;said Vukelic.
 The media are calling on the U.S. secret service report, published on Wikileaks, written by the Croatian Ministry of Defence last year withheld from the public attack on the Taliban Croatian members of the peacekeeping mission ISAF in Afghanistan. In that report he described allegedly fighting action of several Croatian soldiers from training team who together with members of the Afghan army in mid-August last year, have fallen into an ambush by Taliban Chancharana. The shootout then wounded two members of the Afghan army. Domestic media write that the MoD failed to describe in detail the case of wounding a Croatian distributor in December last year, and that the Croatian troops in Afghanistan in July last year found themselves in the crossfire in which damaged several of their vehicles. In Vukelićevom report, it said that our later there came to pulling out the wounded.
 Also has arrived and the President on the table, but the truth is, he argues, quite different. &#39;There was no secretion, no dramatic things, the reports coming regularly, &quot;said Ivo Josipovic. Colonel Martin Starcevic, commanded the 13th Croatian contingent. Going to patrol, security, inspections were not their only job. The danger is growing daily and unrest, he says, it is impossible to avoid. It is much clearer in the nature of the mission to find the Croats&#39; You never can predict what can happen. No one can say that is safe to go into Afghanistan without any threats. But what made our deal there, most are less vulnerable, &quot;said Stračević. He personally was not close to the line of fire. But certainly remembers the situation before the presidential elections of local and punched rubber. &#39;23 .7. 2009th We had a direct attack, damaged two vehicles, &quot;said Starcevic. Croats, who were there, professionals, and they left voluntarily.
 However, the MOD once their secret trip to Kandahar, the most powerful Taliban stronghold in the south, reporters learned from the anonymous letters. Here in all krvavijoj border with Pakistan the most insecure. Most Croatian soldiers and police officers located in the capital and the north, where the situation tenser. What the media many times before were faster than the national and military leadership, concern and Military Advisor of former President Mesic. &#39;This information should have come before the public in Croatia. And those incidents the situation that we learned about from reporters, and then get an official confirmation, not a good situation. There is a part of the political elite, which makes decisions about sending our children, but that did not have this information, which we now see, &quot;said Vlatko Cvrtila, from the Faculty of Political Science. Secret data, which were leaked, did not threaten anyone&#39;s safety, says our correspondent. But now a lot clearer in what this mission are Croats.
 