At the spring meeting of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank, which last weekend held in Washington, finance ministers of member states have positively welcomed the assessment of the encouraging recovery of the global economy, but both were invited to watch, as well as to address the pressing problems such as the high indebtedness of many countries, unemployment and sustainable public finances. In his statement, also members of the International Monetary and Financial Committee (IMFC), the administrative body of the IMF, which has 24 members, reported that signs of strengthening economic recovery are encouraging, but many challenges remain to be addressed jointly, referring to the continued strengthening of global economic surveillance and financial developments as well as providing advice to member states in economic policy. The following sessions are back in the foreground were the financial problems of Greece and the requirements of all present that the sooner a solution is found.
 The finance ministers urged the European Union and the IMF to agree on the overall package to help Athens, because partial solutions did not produce the expected results. And U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner after meeting with Greek Finance Minister Georgios Papaconstantinouom and the first man of the IMF Dominique Strauss-Kahn called for the adoption of urgent solution because any delay throws Greece in even deeper problems. Papaconstantinou tried to find a funding model which would be given aid worth 45 billion euros, and met with European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet as well as with European Union Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn to define a possible medium-term economic measures and financial aid programs Greek reforms. The leaders of the IMF at the two-day meeting and pledged to strengthen financial regulation and supervision for the reconstruction of a stable global financial system that can support economic recovery.
 They welcomed the recovery of many low-income countries, and discussed the proposal and the extraordinary write-off debts for countries affected by natural disasters, including Haiti. The ministers also stressed a commitment to the IMF to respond to the needs of Member States in dealing with consequences of the crisis, particularly in strengthening the analysis of systemic risk. Called for an open debate about the effectiveness of strengthening and expanding the mandate of IMF surveillance, credit, crisis prevention and stability of the international monetary and financial system. Finance ministers have called for the end of the session by the International Monetary Fund to strengthen its supervision in microfinance, capital circulation and systemic risks, and their spillover to avoid future crises. Greece, which desperately needs the money from the eurozone countries will lend 30 billion euros at an interest rate of 5 percent. Athens also can count on 15 billion in aid from the International Monetary Fund, whose interest will the announcements be less than 5 percent.
 Papaconstantinou hopes to agree on the lending of money to realize as soon as possible because it already 19th May Greece comes to billing 8.5 billion of bonds and the money to pay these obligations Greece is simply no. At the same time Prime Minister Papandreou assured that Greece is able to repay the money.
 