These are excerpts from letters of the famous Sheikh Abu Saada Said (Said Burijatski), which is Allah&#39;s will, moved to a better world and achieve martyrdom, inshaAllah, 03 March 2010. in a fight with Russian kuffar. Allah he received his martyrdom and gave him all the honors that belong to the martyrs. ♦ Let to you Allah&#39;s peace, mercy and blessings! Thanks to Allah, I am fine. Last fall I was a little sick. Our days were cold and wet. I did not feel well, and I wore a very serious matter. In addition, we did not have any &quot;normal&quot; food, and disbelievers are performing a major operation against us in the woods. However, thanks to Allah, we broke their rim. One brother has achieved martyrdom, but we managed to kill many infidels ... And then I got sick and I was further back pain of colds. Almost the whole winter I spent in the pit, but then I felt better, now I feel good ... ♦ You know, I am very tired of this dunya as if I had lived for centuries, but not because of the difficulty, but because every day I look at how the brothers moved to the Hereafter, making Allah happy, and I&#39;m still here with the temptations of this dunya damned.
 More recently I have only one desire - to move to the hereafter with the size of iman, which have now, because I can not guarantee that my iman remain the same tomorrow. You know, to remain among us for a long time that Amir Dokka please allow me to execute martyrdom action, nothing could be better than that and that went to the meeting with Allah, but every time I was refused, with a speech that I still needed here . But I do not think so, and I envy those who have gone through this ... I can stay for years in the woods, I made a huge marches and I love these mountains and forests. But more and better encounter with God and therefore I am ready to go. I thought I was important, but in fact better than others I know my faults and sins, and therefore all the glory passes by me without touching me with anything. Published a great reward for my head, and the apostates rushed to me looking for every time you make a infromacija reach them.
 An outcast from Assinovskaje promised a reward of 1 million dollars, in addition to Kafirovu (Kadyrov) award for my death. Looking at it, you can just laugh at how I was raised high ... ♦ You can see death in all its manifestations. Here you can see how our brothers achieve martyrdom. I have never met a better brethren in their life. I went with them through many dangers, opkoljenja and struggle, and I had a chance to see the true heroism of the brothers. I will never forget those who helped me to carry heavy things, with whom I shared the last piece of chocolate, with whom I spent hours and hours in the cold, and with whom I slept in a tent ... here you realize that this world (dun&#39;ja) does not nothing is worth comparing with Allah, such as not worth anything, comparing with those who have gone the way of Allah. Once we went to do an ambush, the mountains were high that we might even see George and I saw all these mountains, I realized that all this is nothing comparing with the beauty of Paradise.
 We have long lived on the mountain road and all the days I watched the scenery, which I not so frequently visited, but it&#39;s very nice to believe me. You know, for the first time I can not write correctly, to explain what in my soul. But even if I write wrong, like now, I think you will understand me and what I wanted to say ... ♦ Many brothers were especially this year, achieved martyrdom, because the enemy skoncentrisao all of its available power Sunzi in our district, so that mužahidi in other areas were relieved. They think that the Emir Dokka here, so I want to pročešljaju entire forest. But the rest is a lot of gifts that will reject the legs and everything else with them. In the vicinity of only one village, Dattih, since October last year, more than 30 infidels and apostates was blown away our mines. But these pigs are still forcibly brought to the woods and sometimes they to Allah the ability to kill someone from our brothers. We now have a stronger position than ever before, so a large number of Mujahideen was not in the forests throughout the history of jihad, and so tired and Russia Kafirov rush to destroy us at any cost.
 Thanks to Allah, we performed the action Yevkurov, dirty krmka, why are many brothers achieve martyrdom. I&#39;m direknto participated in the action and apostates who doubted it. You know, I begin to dream of those brothers who went to the martyrdom operations, Haruna and others, they are alive and for some reason seems to me that I will soon have to live with them if we d atakav blessing of Allah. Personally, I prepared a brother who took action on Yevkurov martyrdom. You can not even imagine how much I wanted to go instead. Know that he went to death so calmly, as if he went somewhere to drink a cup of tea, not at all upset, and when I heard an explosion, I felt bad, I realized that he had gone from this world forever ... ♦ New mujahideen arriving daily. They all want to meet me, but it is impossible to know them all, because they are unable to be present on multiple fronts at the same time. Lots of time I spend with Dokki, who has a special personality characteristic.
 He immediately changed his opinion when he hears a hadith, although he formed his opinion for many years. His iman greatly increased since the beginning of jihad and I am very surprised by this man. You know, if there is someone in this world who can be called a real man and honorable warrior, it&#39;s him ... ♦ I&#39;m really sorry for all the so-called &quot;Internet Mujahideen&quot; who do not want to come here. They will understand your failure to respond jihad just before his death. I realized that I was wrong and what I came here earlier and I missed many years of Jihad and džihadskih difficulties. During the winter, when there is no pit, you spend the whole day near the fire and wait for the night. And at night when you sleep 12 hours or more, waiting for dawn to finally get up, you can not sleep, because you already naspavano. Without our best friends can not go anywhere - rice and buckwheat. Winter and humidity, you will not believe it, sometimes it rains four days without stopping.
 Fall asleep and wake up with the sound of rain. Batteries for us to have the value of gold, brothers inflammation phone with three batteries without the charger to read or draw. A lot of the fight with disbelievers, do not like outcasts to fight against us, they just stay outside the village and fled quickly. All the major battles were conducted only with the GRU (Russian military intelligence unit), special units and others. But they can just escape and run away quickly when you suffer the first losses. These are things that we have here, what more can I say that? I met and talked with almost all of the Emir, from Dokka, Magas, and the Emir of smaller groups. Everything I saw in them was their sincerity and desire to work only in the name of Allah. I realized what was Dunjaluk and that is cursed. I realized that the man should be quite a bit in order to survive, and everything he needs from this dunya, he can carry in a backpack. Why do they compete in the enjoyment of people in this world when this is not worth nothing before Allah? Here you enough what you have on it.
 Often, you&#39;ll go to the mountain river fishing to fish, you will collect wild garlic, and you will fight in Allah&#39;s way. Kill you, and sooner or later you will be killed themselves in the way of Allah, and will not be ashamed to be with these wounds appear before Him on Judgement Day. You know that I have already written, but again I&#39;ll tell you - I will never abandon jihad and not leave a weapon! How do I do when I&#39;m at the end waiting for such a big prize? Do you know how many times I thought about that great moment of truth - when the vehicle hit an enemy and press the button ... I&#39;m sure this can do only one whom Allah strengthen on its way, and whom he wants to meet as a martyr. This can be done only by those who not only believes in heaven, but is confident in its existence as we believe in the existence of this dunya. Where is our brother, went into operation on Yevkurov, countdown the days and feared that an operation can fail.
 Even he did not know how to drive a car, but managed to steer the car and collide directly with Yevkurov car, so Yevkurov, though not dead, it is now an abomination Unzar Bek, completely burned down, his eye is turned out, the skull and internal organs are His damaged. When Harun, who blew himself up in Grozny, went into operation, Dokki said that if he sends someone else, not him, never speak with him. The brothers alone, before they achieved martyrdom, he saw a desire to die - a wild hunger - from which we could not be deterred. Vallahi, here are my eyes opened, and I just realized many things here ... ♦ Yesterday I was told that Abu Muslim achieved martyrdom. He was one of the ones I liked a lot in the name of Allah. It is very difficult without him. Fought in Georgia and then came to Chechnya. Know that you are always cared for everyone. Always wanted to establish justice everywhere. Now, when he moved, I feel very bad.
 I lost a lot of brothers that I loved in the name of Allah ... There is no Abu shall, Adam, was, Harun, Abu Muslim, and many other brothers. I&#39;m still alive, and they are willing to meet with Allah. There is another brother who would not want to lose - our professor. He is highly educated with a mujahid that would be able to talk for hours. Even Dokka grew angry, because we talked to guard the place of everything. Abu Muslim and I have called him &quot;Grandpa&quot; because of his age, although only 33 years old, but looks like it has more than 40 ... ♦ You know, sometimes I think: &quot;What would have happened if I had refused to go to jihad and that I stayed home? &quot;I just would not be able to respect yourself, no matter what excuses I use to hide their cowardice. Now I understand that God humbled me in case I refused to go to jihad. Maybe I still lived, but would die in a different way rather than in jihad. Permanent&#39;d remembered the day when I refused to go to jihad, and I&#39;d cursed himself for his cowardice ... ♦ Now, as I write these lines, we plan to perform a few operations tomorrow.
 Maybe Allah will reward me martyrdom. Know that I would have liked to hear: &quot;Today, during an operation by Russian forces eliminated the so-called ---&quot; Sooner or later they&#39;ll point out such a chance, insallah. Let them be happy! Today should be prepared for surgery and to purify our minds, because we do all this in the name of Allah, not to become famous or because some other wrong intentions. We are not to risk it and go to hell because of wrong the intention (intention). Brother who blew Yevkurov left a message to his family, but was refused a camera recording his messages, fearing that his intention is to spoil it and I totally understand. No preuzimaš risk in such situations to go to Hell for the wrong intention, when the Mujahideen with the wrong intention to be among the first called on the Day of Judgement ... ♦ I&#39;m glad you can imagine all this about what I write, and especially our brothers who are sitting here next to the fire with phones that are attached to three small batteries.
 We had a good base, but not issued by the dissenters. The base was near the village Dattih, you know, it&#39;s a little village on the border between Chechnya and Ingushetia, where he lives no more than 30 people. So we made the base an hour walk from the village. Disbelievers have asked us many times and we were not able to find, as we were situated between two hills and it was hard to notice the base even when she approached. The whole summer we spent there in tents, and from there went into operation. The rules are the pits. There are a database called &quot;New Dattih&quot; because we had more people than in the old village. We joked, giving the names of huts and tents. We had part of Umar, Masjid, (the real, made of frame and canvas, for 20-25 people), coffee, which was also the dining room, the Islamic Military Institute, presidential suites, ambulance, etc. A lot of memories, how times we went to watch the top of the hill, where it opens a good view.
 We dug a trench and was disguised. And then there&#39;s a few infidels. A Mujahid and I were in the trench and the first we met with the fire pig. You know, that just scream like a woman. I even thought they were really women among them. But it turned out it was a disbeliever of them seriously wounded, screamed and cried for help, that it just sounded like music to the ears ... ♦ I remember as if it happened today. We had one of the Mujahideen from Europe called Sidik. I lay there with a rifle trying to saw the disbelievers, and he calmly walked up the hill above me, while the bullets and grenades ekplodirale all around him. He was not even bent. Nejsem, kafirs have fled in the opposite direction. We had no losses. The bullet just grazed my ear, and Sidik is absolutely nothing has happened ... ♦ Please note that nowhere I could not sleep so well as in the forest. You do not need to worry about any schedules. As soon as it gets dark, spread a mat and a sleeping bag, uvućeš up in and sleep peacefully.
 I wake up in the morning in complete darkness to bow to prayer - take ablution, worship, and then again go to sleep. In about eight hours pristavljam tea, preparing breakfast and enjoy the outdoors. Imagine that people give a lot of money to relax and enjoy nature, and here is all vain. Moreover, here is water and Jihad in Allah&#39;s path ... But with the arrival of autumn, the days get cold and wet, but nature is still beautiful. Know that patience can be acquired only here. Only here you can find out how much is really worth. Believe me, all those who accuse us and all their knowledge is not worth even the mud on his boots and remains the weakest of the Mujahideen. People who were not here, they have not seen. Here are the biggest temptations with which man can face in their lives. Hunger, filth, cold, humidity, disease, wounds, fear, death, etc. are an integral part of jihad in Allah&#39;s way. For the price of paradise is very high ... ♦ You are talking about the jokes and funny stories.
 Once we went to surgery and at night we ambushed near the village of infidels, but they did not realize who we are. One disbeliever stood up and shouted: &quot;Who are you?&quot; And I also replied to him: &quot;Quick exit zone of special operations!&quot; When he heard that there is no accent he thought that we are theirs. Then we eliminate it and jumped into the woods. None of us did not even fired. We are particularly happy when Dokka starts to talk about his old jihadist adventures. Every time we hear something new, no matter how many times we listened. So it is here. Now I have to go into action with my brothers and I, if I come back alive, to finish this letter, insallah. You know, just how much I do not like fighting, but we are commanded by Allah. We must harmonize our desires requirements of Sharia, and not vice versa, as many Muslims do. ... Yesterday I returned and decided to finish with a letter that I started, and when finished, inshaAllah, I&#39;ll send it to you.
 I got a car and two days the train, threw home apostates and infidels military base, forcing a kuffar in the car, but fled so quickly. I&#39;ve never seen such speed. I was fired from rocket launchers, it is a powerful weapon when you see the grenade will bring down the house dissenters, it&#39;s really something. We give them a chance to taste that lost family and home, so that we better understand, not to resort to the same things in the future ... ♦ Right now I am informed that Jesus Izerkhanov achieved martyrdom at the battle of Goitija. Isa is an old and experienced Mujahid already 1999th joined the jihad. He had the nickname &quot;Isa Internet&quot; because he knew about 90% of the population of Chechnya and Ingushetia. He knew who was who&#39;s cousin, who does what, and so on. In every village had a lot of acquaintances. Managed to purchase products through them without any problems. We spent much time together because he was an exceptional personality. And now he&#39;s gone.
 We spent a lot of time together. &quot;Internet&quot; had a genuine character. In one video, we talked with him and I called him an old mujahid. He was a good brother, always come with some ideas, he never relaxed. ♦ We returned back from the action. Neither this put me God did not reward the ability to achieve martyrdom. Believe me, when I returned, I felt a stronger desire for martyrdom, and even more tired of this dunya. For some people it may seem that the brothers commit suicide in šehidskoj (samožrtvujućoj) action, but do not forget that such a death for a reason to achieve the pleasure of Allah and to Him is our proven true iman. So I decided long ago that I execute martyrdom action. Know that we Abu Dudžane and I thought about how we will go together to perform a martyrdom action. We wanted to put explosives in the car and drive him to a military base of the infidels, but we Dokka is prohibited.
 Abu Dudžane did not want to abandon that idea. He achieved martyrdom in a shootout, and I&#39;m left to hope the next chance. Hopefully it will soon come a time that I meet with Allah. But as he himself Abu Dudžane said: &quot;I know that I want to die for Allah, but if we now drove the car and told me to go, I do not know how I would react.&quot; It&#39;s true! If Allah does not strengthen us in our faith, then it would not be able to get through this difficult test ... ♦ Kafirov once again reminded me, accusing me that I am prepared to bomb explodes in Chechnya - would be glad to be so, but I did not even know. You know, the only thing for which I sometimes think I should wait for victory only to have the ability to look into the eyes of those who are against us. But still, I would not replace the martyrdom with that cheap when ... ♦ To be honest, I do not understand those who run afoul of the Jihad.
 You can not find anywhere else in the brotherhood that is formed here. When you divide the last piece of chocolate with some of his brother, when you give your mat, when these others to help carry the heavy stuff, when you make some tea, when you have people come and ask for your health when you&#39;re with her brother in battle, when you left a few shots and think you will befall the death, only then you will understand the jihad ... Everything that happened earlier was worthless. Once I was very ill, that at one point I could not bring a backpack. It was just after we were surrounded by infidels, and after we fight broke environment, we bombarovani after waiting in the woods day and night. You know, after such a long sleep under the shell whistles and hearing the explosion, when it all stops, you can not sleep because you&#39;re used to with this sound asleep. On one occasion, climbing up the hill, I felt weak and our professor took my backpack and took it along with her.
 Professor has always had many things in his backpack, svakakvog iron, radio, cable, broken equipment, drills, tools, and all kinds bespotrepština, plus was the food and clothing. You can never forget that helping your brother in difficulty, when he found it hard to carry his own backpack. Once we started the surgery and I was wearing two rocket launchers. And when I&#39;m tired, I did not give anyone to take them from me, but one brother, using guile, eventually took them from me, and this is an example of what must be the Muslim Brotherhood. Today I had a dream in which I said to myself that my remaining three weeks of life. I do not know why? Perhaps due to the fact that more can not wait for that moment when I leave this this world. I dreamed a woman where I spoke to run away from me. I told her that I was left only three weeks of life. I got up and thought about what it might mean nothing to me I did not fall ...
 