In the fourth round of Serie A Juventus Palermo welcomes looking for first win this season at their stadium. Games are played starting from 20:45 h. .. After a great performance last week at Juventus when Friulia Four Hits took all three points Udinese Juventus Palermo now awaits a far better atmosphere than the first two games. This game is expected to win confirmation to Juventus last week&#39;s victory was a fluke and to continue the winning series. Palermo has entered into a new season is far weaker than last season and are coming to Turin with a lot of bad atmosphere in the club, especially after last week&#39;s defeat by Inter Milan. Palermo team has experienced many changes in the toy scene from last season. Many players have gone though a lot of them came. As for the departures of Palermo has left Simon Kjær one of the most promising young stopper who has moved to Wolfsburg for 12 million euros.
 Uruguayan Edinson Cavani was also left Palermo.Cavani he moved to Napoli for five million euros. Mark Bresciano moved to Lazio while Fabio Simplicio moved to another club from the capital, Romu.Obojica left the club without odštete.Od players who are still left Palermo and are worth mentioning are Andrea Raggi who stepped Bari, and Igor Budan who signed for the new Premiership club Cesena. As for the player to gain the most expensive they came Mauricio Pinilla, who arrived from the U.S. Grosseto Calcio for more than five million euros. The club still came Ezequiel Muñoz from Club Atlético Boca Juniors for five million euros, Massimo Maccarone came from AC Siena for 4.4 million euros, João Pedro from Clube Atletico Mineiro for 2.5 million euros, Josip Ilicic from the NK Maribor 2.3 million euros, Santiago García from Club Atlético Rosario Central by 1.6 million euros, Kamil Glyco from Piast Gliwice for 1.5 million euros, Armin Bačinović from NK Maribor of 1.2 million euros and a couple of players who are prekomandovani from U.S. Palermo primavera.
 The new season Palermo entered the home draw against Cagliaria.U second round defeat in the away from Brescia in the last round but suffered a defeat against Inter mention. Before the game against Inter and Palermo played Europa League match away to Sparta, and they lost the score 3:2. Palermo is currently in place in 17 Serie A. Do you have so far received three goals and Fri Scorers for Palermo this season were Javier Pastore, Joseph Ilicic and Federico Balzaretti. Last season, Palermo has won both games against Juventus and with the same score 2-0.Cilj Palermo was repeated a minimum of last result and secretly hope the Champions League. In tomorrow&#39;s match Delio Rossi will be able to count on all players except the Romanian dvadesetdevetogodišnjego stopper Dorin Goian. Del Neri in the match will not be able to count on Gianluigi Buffon who has been injured for a long time, and will be denied and the two left-back services, and Armand De Cegliea Traorea.
 I also can not računti no Jorge Martinez. Games are played starting from 20:45 h. Invited players: 2 3 Chiellini 4 Motta Felipe Melo 5 Sissoko Marchisio 8 9 Iaquinta 10 Del Piero Amauri 11 13 Manninger 14 Aquilani 18 Quagliarella 19 Bonucci 20 Lanzafame 21 Grygera 23 Pepe 26 Rinaudo Krasic 27 30 31 Storari Costantino 33 Legrottaglie 34 Ferrero Livetext: http : / / www.juvebalkan.com/smf/index.php?topic=8766.0 (D. Mačković)
 