Tko ima pravo na povrat poreza na dodanu vrijednost (PDV) za kupovinu i isporuku proizvoda na području Republike Hrvatske. Strani državljani koji nemaju prebivalište ni uobičajeno boravište na području Republike Hrvatske, imaju pravo na povrat poreza na dodanu vrijednost za robu koju su kupili u Hrvatskoj. Kupovinom proizvoda u našoj web trgovini strani državljan plaća punu cijenu u koju je uključen PDV, a ukupna vrijednost računa mora iznositi najmanje 500,00 kuna. Prilikom odabira plaćanja proizvoda u košarici treba odabrati i opciju “Tax Refund Cheque” kako bi Vam pri isporuci proizvoda uz račun dostavili Tax Free ček za gotovinski povrat poreza koji možete ostvariti u svojoj zemlji na šalterima tvrtke Global Blue Tax Free ili kod ovlaštenih partnera. Procedura da bi ostvarili pravo za povrat poreza na dodanu vrijednost za robu koju ste kupili u našoj web trgovini je sljedeća: Pri izlasku iz Hrvatske na graničnom prijelazu (cestovni, pomorski ili zračni) kupljenu robu predajete na uvid carinarnici koja ovjerava Tax Free ček za gotovinski povrat poreza. Ovjereni Tax Free ček za povrat poreza (Tax Refund Cheque) predajete na šalter tvrtke Global Blue Tax Free ili kod ovlaštenih partnera u svojoj zemlji gdje će Vam biti isplaćen poreza na dodanu vrijednost (PDV). Napomena: - Kupljenu robu morate iznijeti iz Hrvatske u roku od tri mjeseca od dana računa. - Ček za povrat poreza kupac mora podnijeti na naplatu najkasnije u roku od šest mjeseci od dana izdavanja računa. - U slučaju da ste prekoračili gore navedene uvjete gubite pravo za povrat poreza na dodanu vrijednost (PDV). Više informacija gdje u svojoj zemlji možete naplatiti ček nalazi se na sljedećoj web stranici: http://www.global-blue.com/en/tax-free-shopping Tax Free Shopping Information about Global Blue Tax Free service for foreing customers visiting Croatia. Who is entitled to shop tax free? When shopping overseas you can claim a tax refund on purchases that you personally export from that country. To obtain a refund within the European Union (EU) you have to reside outside the Union. The following countries are members of the EU: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom. In which countries can I shop tax free? Tax Free Shopping for overseas tourists is available in Argentina, Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Korea, Latvia, Lebanon, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Mexico, Morocco, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Slovenia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey and the United Kingdom. How do I know if a store is offering Tax Free Shopping, Currency Choice, or both? Look out for the Global Blue logo; if you cannot see it, please ask the shop staff if they provide the service. Over 270,000 locations worldwide offer Global Blue services, so the logo should be easy to find. NOTE: Brodska elektronika d.o.o. is authorized to offer Global Blue services. To obtain Tax Refund Cheque for purchases in our web shop please click on option Tax Refund Cheque in shopping cart. Purchases from our web shop will be shipped “ONLY” to delivery address inside Croatia. With purchased items will be include Invoice and Tax Refund Cheque on name used at time of registration in web shop. Do I always need to validate the export of my goods? Yes. In order to obtain a refund on purchased goods you have to prove exportation with a customs stamp on your Tax Refund Cheque. Show your purchases, receipts, and the Tax Refund Cheque to customs officials before leaving the country, and have your cheque stamped. When travelling within the EU, show your purchases and documents to customs officials in the last EU country you visit before leaving Europe. When leaving by train, road or sea, show your purchases and documents to customs officials at the border or when you board the ship. Is a minimum spend required for entitlement to a tax refund? Yes. This is subject to national rules and the minimum spend required varies between countries and even between stores. For purchases in Croatia minimum spend required is 500,00 kuna. All payments will be effected in Croatian currency. The charged amount on your credit card account is converted into your local currency according to the exchange rate of credit card associations. NOTE: Purchases from Croatian shops must be exported latest by 3 months from invoice date. You must claim a tax refund inside 6 months from invoice date or issued Tax Refund Cheque will not be valid for refund. Where and how can I obtain my refund? You can receive your refund in the way that’s most convenient. We can pay in cash, refund directly to your credit card, make a direct bank transfer, or send you a bank cheque. Please, be advised that Global Blue can only refund to international credit cards, ie.: Visa, MasterCard, Amex, Diners, JCB and CUP but not to debit cards. You can choose to receive an Immediate Refund, either to your credit card or in cash at the airport of departure, or collect your refund later in one of the 200 international Global Blue Refund Points. If you want the refund on your credit card, or a bank cheque sent to your home address, please fill in your contact details on your Tax Refund Cheque and mail it to the Global Blue address on your Tax Refund Cheque, using the designated envelope. How to cash the bank cheque? The international bank cheque is issued with the clause ”account payee only”, which means it must be presented to your bank and deposited with your personal bank account. Global Refund bank cheques do not state any expiry date. It depends on each bank in each country whether it accepts to deposit the cheque. How do you calculate my refund amount? The VAT (or GST in some countries or PDV in Croatia) is a percentage added on top of list prices. For example: if the VAT rate is 20% and a dress is displayed at €100, including VAT, the VAT amounts to €16.50. (Dress price: €83.5 + 20% VAT = €100.) The refund amount will thus be €16.50, minus a handling fee. Currency Conversion Fee – explanation of fee 3%-5% Under the article REFUND RULES there is stated: For a Non-Cash Refund in a currency different than the currency in which the Cheque is issued, the current “we sell” rates of a recognized European retail Bank, plus 3-5%, will be applied for the currency conversion. Credit card account will always be credit in customer’s local currency or in the currency in which is the Credit Card issued. What can I do if my name is misspelled on the cheque/the cheque has expired/the bank does not accept the cheque? Please return the cheque to the postal address stated below along with a letter detailing how you would like the payment to be made and we will gladly have this refund reissued. Kindly note that we can refund to CREDIT CARD: - VISA - MASTER CARD - DINERS - JCB - CUP BANK ACCOUNT to: - Denmark - UK - Germany - Switzerland - Sweden - Finland - France - Norway (requested information regarding bank accounts: account number, bank code and name of the account holder) BANK CHEQUE in the following currencies: - Canadian Dollar - Swiss Franc - Danish Koruna - EURO - Pound Sterling - Hong Kong Dollar - Japanese Yen - US Dollar For more information please visit Global Blue Tax Free web site here: http://www.global-blue.com/en/tax-free-shopping Tax Free purchase with delivery option outside of Croatia. If you are interested in products from our web shop and would like delivery of goods outside of Croatia please contact us by email or phone with your inquiry. We can deliver some of our products directly to your address from our supplier stock at NET price + shipping and handling charges worldwide. This option applies only for products from following manufactures: Sea Tel, Epak, Offshore, Naval, RF Tuote, Astel & RR Electronics. For more infomation and orders please contact us by email, phone +385 51 854 230 or Skype: mec-punat

