Author: Nikola Šajn Posted: 09.09.2010 hour and a half investigators digging through the archives of Sarkozy&#39;s UMP and requested a letter of Minister Eric Woerth and Patriecea de Maistre, a financial counselor cosmetics empire heiress PARIS - French financial police investigating the scandal, the successor L&#39;Oreal Liliane Bettencourt, on Wednesday searched the headquarters of the party of President Nicolas Sarkozy, announced yesterday the party leader Xavier Bertrand. RELATED NEWS News The second letter is the first time that police are investigating an open UMP, Union for a Popular Movement, in connection with the scandal Bettencourt. The Secretary General of the party, Eric Cesari, told AFP that police at the headquarters of the party an hour and a half examined the archives and asked for correspondence between the labor minister Eric Woerth and Patriecea de Maistre, a financial advisor Liliane Bettencourt, but investigators have not taken anything with him.
 Magazine Paris Match, however, reported that investigators were looking for another letter - one in which the Woerth 2007th from Sarkozy sought to Maistre medal awarded Legion of Honour. Hiding wealth De Maistre was awarded later that year gave just Woerth, the economics minister, just weeks after it hired the wife of Woerth, and the jobs seem to be hiding wealth Liliane Bettencourt before the tax authorities. Envelopes containing cash Woerth said last Thursday acknowledged the existence of this second letter, but said that at that time was not yet the minister, Sarkozy was not yet president, and de Maistre was not yet his wife&#39;s employer. The same day the French trade unions from Sarkozy&#39;s request to remove or Woerth talks on pension reform over to another minister, or someone whose position is much weakened, and who will be able to meet agreed. But the minister could be even bigger problems if investigators find evidence to doubt that Bettencourt, &quot;difficult&quot; about 18 billion euros, the council at the time of Sarkozy&#39;s presidential campaign delivered &quot;an envelope full of cash, and they, when they came the government, look the other fingers on her tax evasion.
 Woerth was during the campaign was the main man-UMP and to collect donations, and then economics minister who led the hunt for tax evader. Soap opera makeup talks began in June when the daughter of the richest French court requested that her mother declared mentally incompetent because she believed that the people around her advantage. These are supposed to show the recording of the conversations, which in turn heard how rich girl and her advisers discuss how to make money to hide in Swiss banks, and donate money to conservative politicians. Bettencourt: Yes, I hid the money in secret accounts Liliane Bettencourt, meanwhile, the French authorities admitted that the money was hid in secret bank accounts in Switzerland, and announced that they will return to their homeland hidden 78 million euros. She said she has to pay taxes owed on that money and taxes on ownership of islands in the Seychelles, for which the French authorities also did not know.
 Queen L&#39;Oreal Baniera removed from your wills Photographer Francois Banier dropped from wills Liliane Bettencourt this summer. Banier was the only person named in the will-rich, which means that after her death he went to about eight percent of her personal wealth, or 1.25 billion euros, while the rest went to her daughter and grandchildren. Its shares of L&#39;Oreal, about 30 percent of companies have already read on behalf of her daughter. The main players affair, L&#39;Oreal: Francoise Bettencourt daughter believes that friends are exploited Liliane Francois Banier photographer who is Liliane got a billion Patrice de Maistre Advisor for Finance Liliane Bettencourt Eric Woerth was treasurer of the council and the Minister of Economy Florence Woerth aids de Maistre hide money Lilianin number of recommendations: 1 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 