In the former Spanish colony of Western Sahara (Sahara Spain) during the war Zapadnosaharskog 1976th declared the Democratic Arab Republic of Sahara (DARS) as a sovereign state. It is located in northwest Africa bordering Morocco, Algeria, Mauritania and the Atlantic Ocean. So far only some countries, mostly African, have acknowledged DARS, and the entire area is managed almost exclusively Moroccan occupying power. Polisario, the government in exile has its headquarters in Algeria. Under international law, the future of the area, which the United Nations has declared a non-independent territory, depends on a referendum about whose maintenance has not been possible to reach a consensus. Contents [edit - edit] Geography of Western Sahara is located at 24 ° and 13 ° 30&#39;Sjever 00&#39;Zapad. The country is located in northern Africa, the region of Western Sahara. Western Sahara is divided into the northern third of Saguia el Hamra and the southern part of Rio de Oro.
 It was a hot, dry desert region dominated by a rocky and pebbly sand of the desert. Flat region just to the south and north a bit hilly. Desert climate prevails, the rain is very rare, and near the coast is often foggy. Vegetation can be found only in the oases. I can only find animals adapted to dry environments, such as the desert jerboa. Major cities are (according to census September 9, 2004) [edit - edit] The country has a population of 267 405 inhabitants (as of 2004) which are mainly Arabs and Berbers. Indigenous population are mostly Arab nomads, and in the meantime many lives as refugees in Algeria or have emigrated to Morocco. Are partly substituted by immigrants from Morocco, attracted great privilege Moroccan government. He speaks mainly Moroccan Arabic, and with it Hasania, regional form of Arabic. Nearly 100 percent of the population are Muslims.
 [Edit - edit] History of Phoenician settlement almost did not leave a trace, and the area became known only after the introduction of the camel as the caravan route. After the invasion of Islam have been formed in the Western Sahara group, which were later ruled as Almoravid most part of North Africa and southern Spain. Spaniards have 1884 proclaimed a protectorate over the area of Cap Bojad to Cap Blanc. Previously separate districts Saguia el Hamra and Rio de Oro in 1958 merged and declared overseas Spanish Sahara. After the appearance of the Polisario Front and Frank&#39;s death, the Spaniards fled the area. 1975-and about 300,000 people entered the so-called green march from all over Morocco in the former colony. Polisario has declared 27.veljače 1976 Democratic Arab Republic of Sahara, which Morocco has not confessed. Morocco annexed in 1976, two thirds the area of Western Sahara, a territory the rest of 1979 when Mauritania withdrew from the area.
 In one attack, the Moroccan army in early 1976 of phosphorous and Napalm bomgi killed about 25,000 Saharijanaca. The final status of the area is still unclear, because the decision to postpone this year by godinu.Demokratska Arab Republic of Sahara is still there as the Polisario Liberation Movement led by the government in exile. Republic recognized the 33 countries of the world (as of 2001). 1992 peace treaty was signed between Morocco and Polisario, but still about 100,000 people living in a refugee camp in the Algerian Sahara. Even today, Moroccan side blocks scheduled to hold a referendum on independence in this area. [Edit - edit] Economy Large parts of the country are economically completely undeveloped. Road network is almost nonexistent. Important economic sectors are fishing, exploitation of mineral resources (especially phosphate, stocks are one of the largest in the world) and the cultivation of date palm, which is possible only in the oases.
 The overall economy is heavily subsidized by tax funds Morocco, within the project of settlement Moroccans and a lot of cities. p • d • Independent States in Africa Algeria • Angola • Benin • Ivory Coast • Botswana • Burkina Faso • Burundi • Chad • Djibouti • Egipat1) • Equatorial Guinea • Eritrea • Ethiopia • Gabon • Gambia • Ghana • Guinea • Guinea-Bissau • South Africa • Cameroon • Kenya • Comoros • Democratic Republic of the Congo • Republic of the Congo • Lesotho • Liberia • Libya • Madagascar • Malawi • Mali • Mauritania • Mauritius • Morocco • Mozambique • Namibia • Niger • Nigeria • Rwanda • Senegal • Seychelles • Sierra Leone • Somalia • Central African Republic • Sudan • Swaziland • São Tomé and Príncipe • Tanzania • Togo • Tunisia • Uganda • Zambia • Cape Verde • Zimbabwe Dependencies and autonomous regions: Canary Islands • Ceuta • • Madeira Mayotte Melilla • • • Scattered Islands Reunion • Saint helena2) • Western Sahara This article about a geographical location is a stub.
 You can help by expanding it. Retrieved from &quot;http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zapadna_Sahara Categories: Geography stubs | North Africa | Africa | Disputed territories
 