Photo: Drago HEDL On one of the entrance to the Nepalese Royal Chitwan National Park is one white Royal copied it, just as the local and the national airline recently from its old name Royal Nepal Airlines released the same word. With the new Nepalese banknotes, which still smell of the printing color, the character of the former king Gyanendre, disappeared without a trace, only to be replaced by the top of Mount Everest. From the list of public holidays has been deleted seventh July, the birthday of the king, and his sad but magnificent former palace in Kathmandu, which has left four days after his 61st birthdays, located across from an almost equally large American Embassy, will be converted into a museum. When in April this year, after years of war, the Maoists have won power in elections, and then declared a republic in May, to mid-June, the king withdrew from power, a small country with the highest mountains of the world, entered the parliamentary system, after 240 years of monarchy .
 Nepal, an area three times larger than Croatian and six times more numerous population is squeezed into an uncomfortable sandwiched between the two most populous countries, India and China in the southwest to the northeast. Photo: Drago HEDL With its only two neighbors share quite a few three thousand miles long border, and for nearly 30 million Nepalaca probably not a pleasant feeling to be between one billion and 150 million Indians and a billion and 330 million Chinese. Santosh Rimal, reporter for the paper Naya Patrika (New Gazette), the recently launched daily, which is sold in 55,000 copies, says however that this is not the main concern of his countrymen. In a country where he lives with less than two dollars a day (Rimal as a journalist is earning about a hundred dollars a month), the main problem is how to survive. It can be seen at every step of prenapučenog Thamela, vibrant commercial center of Kathmandu, where you all traders and all sorts of things pulling the sleeve, lowering the starting price at less than half, to heavy physical labor in rice fields in the interior, or overloaded carriers, which on the back, at the foot of Mount Everest, the goat tracks bear the burden, often harder than themselves.
 Nepal is one of the world&#39;s poorest countries, a ten-year war to overthrow the monarchy, which took about 13 000 lives and displaced one hundred thousand refugees, it is further impoverished. Photo: Drago HEDL Expectations of the newly established republic were great. Krishna Bhattarai, owner of a small travel agency with whom we eat dinner at one of the countless restaurants Nepalese capital, complaining that his government is helping a bit. He, his family and a dozen people who are employed by living from tourism, but, he says, he brings people here are spending hundreds and enable others to also live by it. &quot;At CNN, you will not see the paid advertisements of our government that calls tourists to come here, as do other countries. This gives them even do not mind,&quot; Bhattarai said, &quot;because I know that the treasury is empty. But they reproach that various bureaucratic regulations and a bunch of all kinds of servants, hinder my work. &quot; There will feel the immense bureaucracy and every tourist.
 As soon as you land at Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu, sjatit will be a bunch of various officials: one will view the passport, the other pin attached a photo to the form required for a visa, the third will be the visa pasted into your passport. Many jobs are fictitious, miserable wages, but it is better to earn $ 60 a month, but nothing. Around half a million Nepalaca work in seasonal jobs in India. Thousand seven hundred kilometers long border with India is quite open and Nepalci there freely, without visas and passports. But competition is high, such that job seekers in India has plenty, so many pressed on, in Malaysia and the Gulf States. India, unlike the other neighbor, China, Nepalci are much more likely. Culturally and linguistically closer to them. Few would say that the borders with China, but rather to say that the north Tibet, and on the tourist map, printed in Nepal, Tibet will stand out everywhere, while China will be written immediately afterwards, but put in parenthesis.
 Sympathy towards Tibet are somewhat diminished when he realized that behind the protesters, who are a bit out on the streets of Kathmandu, in order to point to the oppression of peoples in China, quite firmly and financial abundance, is India. Photo: Drago HEDL &quot;Tibetans during the day, dressed in their traditional costumes, gather and demonstrate in front the U.S. Embassy, and in the evening, in suit and tie, gamble at casinos Katmadua,&quot; says Krishna Bhatarrai, owner of travel agencies Encounters Nepal. Bhatarrai not too optimistic when it comes to the future of Nepal. He remembers how the Nepalese soldiers were part of UNPROFOR, UN peacekeeping forces during the war in Croatia, but is afraid that a similar fate, what has befallen the former Yugoslavia, re-run could have in his country. Tensions between the 14 provinces are large, political instability, soaring, and the interests of China and India is strongly reflected through Nepal.
 But Gyaneshwor Acharya, a marketing specialist publishing house in Naya Prakashan in Kathmandu, with which we drink green tea in the cult Nang restaurant, located across from the luxurious Hotel Sherpa in Durbar Marg, has such dark thoughts. He says India and China&#39;s interest that exists between them Nepal as a buffer zone. However, it is little comfort. Nepal only slightly separates China from India - the two most populous countries in the world directly touch the debt even 3380 kilometers. Nang restaurant is a place where it meets the local jet set, where you will meet foreign diplomats, affluent tourists and all sorts of upstarts who want to be seen and can afford the relatively high local prices. Photo: Drago HEDL This is one of the western oases Kathmandu, Nepal largest city, a population almost equal to Zagreb. Such pleasant places and there is too much in nepalskoj capital, crowded, polluted, noisy and close in which everyone seeks their piece of living space, tens of rupees a day and at least a portion of dhal baths, Nepalese dishes made with cooked rice and lentils.
 Albeit a difficult life in Kathmandu, he still provides more opportunities and possibilities to find different jobs, especially in tourist season, with jingle is a short but intense, from October to the end of November. When the monsoons stop while in the mountains is not too cold, to shine here bjelosvjetsko motley crew and there jobs for chefs in restaurants, rickshaw drivers, carriers, taxi drivers, vendors ... In the province, where - apart from the tourist routes - foreigners less, life is even harder and not give even the few opportunities offered Katmandu. On the way from the Nepalese capital and second largest city, Pokhara, the most important road known as Mahendra, winding river valleys and Trisuli Remember, you will be all the severity of life and widespread poverty. As elsewhere in the East, from India to Indonesia, life is mainly carried out by the road, because there is an opportunity to earn something. Child labor is not something over which will be in Nepal someone abhor.
 Even hard work, what is the batter the stone (a stone&#39;s plenty in Nepal), which fragmented serves as a building material, it is common for school-age children. Photo: Drago HEDL You will see them as small as squatting in makeshift warehouses and hammer the stones until it becomes small enough to serve the construction industry. What children are chopped, sifted through wire screens, which do not pass through the network, will re-crushing. This unpleasant business, for all-day sun, the squatting position, here is reserved mainly for children. Earn a dollar a day and will be happy. Equally as citizens in Nepal is poor and the state. The king and his suite, along with other privileges, of course, not paying any taxes, but this is a phenomenon in Nepal općeraširena. Photo: Drago HEDL Entrepreneurs like Birendre chudai, in Kathmandu, which has a small trading company, said that the issue of a vicious circle.
 People avoid paying taxes because the state does not offer anything in return, a state they can not offer anything because there is no money. All state is kept to a minimum health care is in a miserable condition, no pensions, public services barely exist, the educational system has collapsed ... Biuyan Adhikart, a guide in Chitwan National Park, an excellent connoisseur of exotic birds and primeval vegetation and is 25 years old, just married and has no children, but dreams of leaving Nepal. Asking how he could come to Croatia to do something, get some equity and then come back. Photo: Drago HEDL He is young and bright, with a developed sense of humor, so for one of the many power failures at the Jungle Safari Resort, located on the edge of the jungle, on his way to comment on the current energy situation in his country: &quot;Nepal has abundant water and rivers, exceptional hydro, so it is a logical consequence that a country does not have enough electricity. &quot;
 And that electricity in Nepal chronic shortage, we saw in Kathmandu, where he disappears every now and thousands of small aggregates, creating an unbearable noise and extra pollution, instead of electricity from hydroelectric dams, illuminating the local hotels and restaurants. Residents of the youngest republic in the world, with 10 of the 14 highest peaks of the planet, have great expectations from democracy, the noun that was recently officially entered the name of the country, since this year Nepal rid of the king and the monarchy. Like everywhere, people are impatient in anticipation of better. However, in this impoverished and neglected the country, it is difficult to even find the point from which to start, a point which those expectations may come true. Author: Drago HEDL Source: B92
 