Damir Imamovic, a young musician from Sarajevo, in a special way to show fresh colors and sounds in the interpretation of Sevdah, recorded their third album on which the new arrangements sung by ten o&#39;clock sevdalinka. His CD with the &quot;new&quot; sevdalinke in sales should be found as early as 6 April and this date was chosen because of its important symbolic because it is marked and celebrated as Liberation Day in Sarajevo. Publisher Edo Zubčević its &quot;turntable&quot;. &quot;Most of the songs that I put on this solo album are less known. A song I recorded again, and it is a sevdalinka &#39;Two darling&#39;, which I have already been recorded on their live CD in &#39;Abrašević&#39; in Mostar. have on this CD in two well-known song &#39;I steal you &quot;and&quot; Sarajevo on a high hill&#39;, and &#39;Mošćanica&#39;, which I filmed this time in the integral version. As for the other songs that I have said that they are less known, I think even those are not new for gourmets and lovers of Sevdah &quot;says Damir Imamovic.
 Many people in Bosnia, said it is not clear what he was trying to work with Sevdahom. &quot;Often, people stop me to discuss it. To me it is interesting to change that image as perception of Sevdah music for the holiday. It is important that people do not sing sevdah at moments when the rest of the latest turbo-folk hit. I keep trying to explain that sevdah has its Future beyond populist scene, even outside of BiH &quot;, said Imamovic, where people often complain that sevah does not sing as it should, and adds:&quot; I ask them then: &#39;Well, what is wrong. &quot;Then we say that it should to sing like Mariah. When you ask them to Kemal, Kemal Malovčić they say. Then I realize what they are talking about and how it all &#39;hollow story&#39; which is far from sevdaha &quot;said Imamovic. He claims that he wanted to make the album, which will interpret the solo sevdah which is based mostly on the old sazlijskom sound. &quot;Such sevdah, before the introduction of the accordion and orchestra with the interpretation sevdaha played and sang the old masters sevdaha saz, which were generally sound saz and sing,&quot; explains Imamović and says that does not exist, or when there is a school for the saz.
 The confirmation of this fact gave him a Muharemović Hashim, known saz player and singer who is also the author of several beautiful sevdalinka, and among others he wrote the song &quot;With Gradaèac white towers. &quot;Once I Muharemović a radio interview and he then said that he was a big problem to learn to play the saz because there was no school. I asked him if there are schools sevdaha, given that often speaks of Sarajevo, Mostar and Tuzla school? &quot;He told me that he thinks there are no such schools, and that sevdah not be so divided. sevdah Everyone plays differently, he said, because they are all self-taught saz. So you have two in Sarajevo two saz and Mahala Each of them plays differently because I was taught, &quot;says Imamovic. He points out that singers and musicians at all before, but today was hard to move away from the school of Radio Sarajevo because that &quot;school&quot; to function effectively as a military training.
 All the old singers, musicians learned to play it, sing, breathe, learn the diction and behavior at the scene. &quot;It was a program in which the radio music. For people to receive a salary, they sat there and played,&quot; said Imamovic. Reminds us that from time to time happen to be in one end, such as the Sandzak, Montenegro appears a particular singer, someone with charisma and a strong personal stamp as Ksenija Cicvarić. &quot;It was this and the Belgrade music scene, a good example of the Boro Janjic. In Mostar it was Himzo half, and in Sarajevo, my grandfather Zaim Imamovic. They were given a personal stamp of songs that were performed, and people often thought that these tracks formed in the end from which they come, but this is usually not the case, &quot;said our interlocutor. Damir Imamovic says Eric Clapton is the case the best example to explain the phenomenon of identification of some songs, the musical expression with a specific artist.
 Recalls that as a boy, Clapton learned to play the blues with old records when the sixties came, he became a big star rock and roll, and the first of his recordings were blues. &quot;He&#39;s in that he became so famous in the world, is so popular by the blues, and there was black. Crumble all stereotypes and did not have any precondition for the blues. But he gave a personal stamp that music, so to this day Most children around the world who started playing blues Eric Clapton actually removed, not knowing that it was his personal style. So many people identify with the blues Clapton only when they become a real blues fans, so when they hear others like Robert Jackson realize that the blues is just Kleptonov style &quot;said Imamovic. He says that the same situation occurs with musicians such as Ismet Alajbegović Šerbo and Zaim Imamovic. &quot;Exploring and listening to Šerbine Zaimovi footage, and some other before and after them, I realized how it&#39;s different.
 The two of them since 1945. years, until the sixties of last century, must have been the only thing I could hear the frequencies of Radio Sarajevo. Of course, it was good and that people wanted to hear. So people Šerbinu accordion and singing Zaimov identified with Sevdah &quot;said Imamovic. Sevdah He does not like to use the term folk music because, he claims, the term originated from the tenets of a romantic understanding of how the people I know best what is good and well so it keeps. As an example he cites the songs that were made 200 years ago and which has kept people, enhance the, but, unfortunately, in most cases no better than the original, original. &quot;Because of sevdah not like to use the term folk song sevdah because, first of all, I want to experience and understand music as an art. Sevdahom deal with people who perceive as a painter and writer, painted and written work.
 Musician sevdaha based on their traditions produces some new things, whether it&#39;s worth or not. This time should show, &quot;explains Damian Imamović. It is partly in sevdah best melancholia it produces. Therefore, notes that the whole story about sevdah originated from ancient Greece because it is equally sevdah melanholos, which translated from Greek to Turkish magazine&quot; sevda &quot;, which literally means&quot; black bile. &quot;Doctors of Ancient Greece, from Hippocrates, believed that there are five substances in the human body and that of these five substances prevalent one, and that man&#39;s character is determined by it. Of course, all this has already become archaic in Europe and the Arab-Islamic world has taken this tradition of Greece, &quot;said Imamovic. Sevdah, he says, suggests that a man sometimes has to let the sadness, melancholy, and not only to seek solace in something of which the opposition. Most people when they feel the slightest sign of sadness, sjetnog mood has a tendency to run away from it.
 &quot;Most people stood feelings and then flee to consumerism, become shopaholics. Some go further, escaping into nationalism, hate people, and work force to feel anything just to shrug off the feelings of sadness and melancholy,&quot; said Imamovic. I do not think that their arrangements and interpretations skrnavi sevdah in this complaint to your account see the impact sevdaha picture presented by the Radio Sarajevo. For this sevdah claims that later became turbofolk because suddenly the whole generation sevdalija passed into folk music. &quot;People who have sung sevdah felt that since it can not live, so why go to folk. They sang a very beautiful lyrics and melodies and all of a sudden they started to sing &#39;songs&#39;,&quot; said our interlocutor. Songs that I will sing Imamović elected once in the text, and sometimes the melody, though he knows it happens to attract both. First sevdalinka that it has interests, before it even started doing the song &quot;How the world.&quot;
 It is the first and learned to sing. Assesses how different perceptions sevdaha literary experts and musicologists, and that was the first important text only, even though he is a bad melody. Imamović this year plans to hold concerts at ancient castles and old houses across the country, and already in June was invited to the U.S. where it will be a few weeks to socialize and share experiences with different artists. &quot;Then I go to Holland, where I&#39;ll burn a CD with the quartet &#39;Bojan Zulfikarpašić.&quot; With this CD we are planning in 2011. Year of performing throughout Europe, &quot;said Damir Imamovic. He played the guitar Derneci Damir Imamovic was first taken in hand when he was 69 years, the war 1993rd year. He says he then played in basements. &quot;We children were bored and then I took the guitar from his brother and father, I learn a few chords, and so it all began ... I have played what is commonly played at Derneci. What I usually sang accompanied on guitar.
 I have not learned to play the music school. With 19 years I started playing more and demand more of ourselves. After the story went on Zaimovoj legacy (Zaim Imamovic, Damir&#39;s grandfather). I began to explore the late Farah (Farah Tahirbegović, an editor from the &quot;Buybook&quot;). So I met Himzo Polovina Nada Mamula ... I realized that sevdah offers many opportunities, &quot;said Imamovic and admits that he was an expert because he is not interested to investigate.&quot; 2005. When I was working on a book with Farah Zaim, and biographies for the first time I&#39;ve gone all the archives and realized that there are lots of interesting for me, &quot;said Imamovic. Collaborate with Frenkie Imamović rapper has collaborated with rapper BH Frenkie on using the song&quot; What we love is critical, &quot;which are no longer listening.&quot; Frenkie called me to help him on his latest CD. It is interesting to see Frenki in something that is not a protest note, but a love.
 Circumstantially his girlfriend loves what I do, and he is head over heels in love, so we recorded that song. He sang his part, I own and it turned out well. It was interesting to me to see something in this, &quot;explained Imamovic.
 