Saddam Hussein (Tikrit, April 28, 1937 - Baghdad, 30 December 2006.), Iraq&#39;s president since 1979. until 2003. year. Contents [edit] Youth Saddam Hussein was born on 28 travnja 1937. in the small village of Alawi-Awjaba near the town of Tikrit, the tribe of Bani al-Nasiri. His early childhood was spent in a muddy shack in mainly Sunni part of Iraq. Hussein&#39;s father - Hussein &#39;Abd al-Majid, died or left the family (depending on the source) shortly after his birth. Accurate records are difficult to obtain in a country where Hussein&#39;s birthday is celebrated as a national holiday. While she took a second husband, Ibrahim al-Hassan, Saddam&#39;s mother Subha alone he was raised. Ibrahim al-Hassan was violent towards his family, which is perhaps not surprising for a person who is in the end was known as a thief. In fact, Saddam&#39;s former personal secretary claimed that Saddam&#39;s stepfather abused Saddam and sent him to steal chicken and sheep to be sold.
 It took until the tenth year when Saddam was allowed to move in with his mother&#39;s brother Khayrallah Tulfaha in Baghdad. In Baghdad, Hussein came under the influence of his mother&#39;s brother. Khayrallah&#39;s political wing forces within the Iraqi army, which are characterized as pronacističke, whose attempted coup supported. At the same time, the forces that supported Khayrallah were embittered the British and imperialism. This resentment will soon be transferred on Saddam. Driven by political indoctrination mother&#39;s brother, tried to enroll at the prestigious military academy Bagdatsku to achieve through military career of his political ideas. But did not succeed in that aim, because they prevented him from doing his poor grades and therefore more deeply embroiled in politics. Thus, in 1956. participated in the unsuccessful coup attempt against King Faisal II. A year later (1957.) Joined the Baath Party, a radical nationalist movement.
 However, a group of military officers 1958th year succeeded in overthrowing the king, Faisal II. with the government. The group was led proljevičarski oriented Gen. Abdul Karim Qassim. A year later, Saddam and a group of Baath Party attempted to assassinate Gen. Qassim. Despite the failure of the assassination has helped Saddam Hussein to join the top Baath Party. After the attack, Saddam was slightly wounded, he fled to Syria. From Syria, he went to Egypt, namely Cairo, where he will spend the next four years. In Egypt, he continued his education at the age of 24 years and continued his political education. However, even in Egypt had no peace. Specifically, he was arrested on two occasions. He first verbally threatening a fellow student and another was seriously threatened - with a knife. In both cases it was about political opponents. 1961. enrolled in the Faculty of Law in Cairo, but did not finish. Two years later (1963). A group of military officers, members of the Baath Party, tortured and assassinated General Qassim and the Iraqi television cameras.
 They also mutilated many Qassimi supporters and their bodies mutilated and disfigured shown several times on the evening news on Iraqi television. When Saddam heard the news quickly packed up and headed for Iraq to take part in the revolution. [Edit] Political rise after the establishment of the new government, Saddam quickly pushed within the party structures, primarily due to its highly successful methods of torture. In 1963rd comes a rift in the Baath party and Saddam opts winning stream. The new party was appointed to the reallocation Baatističkog regional command. No, but a year later (1964.) Hussein detained military officers who opposed the Baath Party that took over. But Hussein, helping his cousin, Gen. Ahmed Hassan al-Bakr, thanks to which became deputy secretary of Baath Party 1966th year. 1966. Hussein escapes from prison and set up a Baathist internal party security organization called Jihaz Haneen.
 A little later, 1968. The new political earthquake Hussein gives the best chance of promotion, his mentor, General Bakr and baatisti take power. Hussein was made Deputy Chairman of the Revolutionary Council, in charge of internal security. At the age of 31 years has had the solid support a government that will in the next ten years more to consolidate. His power base will be on two key points - many family members who will occupy all important positions in the Iraqi government and the government. The second point will be a huge security apparatus and had spies and informants throughout Iraq. However, it is not interested only power but also wealth began to accumulate in his hands. Primarily there is a wealth generated by oil and gas industry. Specifically, Iraq holds 11% of world oil reserves. However no other industry had not escaped Saddam&#39;s desire for wealth, thanks to network and several personal assassins.
 1978. Iraq began to gather Arab nations to ostracize Egypt for its diplomatic initiatives to solve the Israeli-Arab issues. His ally, Syrian President Hafez al-Assad, almost became an obstacle to further Hussein&#39;s rise to the top of government. That the Syrian-Iraqi federation formed against Egypt, Assad, not Hussein, took the place to have a tremendous impact. President Bakr was supposed to be the federation with Assad went to the place of his deputies. Hussein could not allow that to happen, he began to take steps towards the rapid descending current Iraqi leader from power. Soon he was again with the help of family and security apparatus, Hussein managed to reach the goal. [Edit] Arrival in the Power On 16 srpnja 1979th The President Bakr resigned. Officially due to health problems. Unofficially, he was the victim of Hussein struggle for power.
 After the copper on the president came to Saddam Hussein who has quickly begun to consolidate his power. So he called brass Baath Party 22nd July that same year at the meeting. At the meeting, various family members and then Saddam Hussein urged that the party must be cleared. Hussein then read a list of names of persons who have requested to step outside. The whole event filmed the tv cameras, and after they were called immediately taken into custody, and then there were all killed. But Saddam Hussein did not stop at just that slew completely innocent people. High-ranking member of the Revolutionary Council and head of the labor union and a leading Shiite member of the council, together with twenty other high-ranking government officials were systematically and personally killed Saddam Hussein and his top party officials. In the next few days killed many military officers, deputy ministers and party unfaithful people.
 Such a ruthless purge enabled Saddam consolidate power in Iraq. Saddam has not only cleaned the inside of his party but is eliminated and the Communists, who were formerly of all Arab countries, only Iraq had a significant impact. The move at a time when the Soviet Union account for Syria and Iraq provide him some considerable sympathy in Washington, especially among the paranoid anti-communist Republicans. Saddam is in the eyes of Washington, then a reasonable Muslim, neopsjednut religion, also aware of the fact that American oil means the Iraqi treasury and engines. Saddam shortly after his arrest. Saddam was in September 1980. year embarked on a campaign to Huzistan, southwestern edge of the oil-rich Iran also fears otklonivši U.S. Defense Secretary Brown and that Iraq might invade Kuwait and Saudi Arabia [1]. The computer is a victory for a few days. Mostly due šutljivoj, but the actual support of the United States, which he then provided for his petrodollar purchases of sophisticated weapons and access to more sophisticated technologies of mass destruction, why would you call the much later, concealing his own role in creating a monster.
 Account was no landlord, because the Iranians have managed to create a stalemate in Iraq and Tucker static frontovskom war has for eight years. Although the victory in this war fought Iran, Saddam Hussein did not bother to declare their defeat and victory in Iraq is building monuments to that victory. In this war was first used by Iraqi chemical weapons. But his thirst for war did not stop at Iran, but because of the assessment to Shiites could be a threat to his dictatorship, the Kurds (a minority in Iraq) had halted poison gas, and for attempting to overthrow the Iraqi dictator. Despite the re-use of prohibited chemical weapons (this time on civilians - women and children, in Al-Anfal campaign), the world did not do anything against the Iraqi dictator. 1990. started a new war, the invasion of Kuwait which Saddam called breakaway province. In this act of international aggression by the United Nations responded with a military intervention.
 After Saddam&#39;s military response suffered severe military defeat and the control of the northern and southern Iraq have had to surrender to allied forces that fought against him (mostly those of the United States). Nevertheless he continued to rule Iraq. [Edit] The collapse of Hussein&#39;s reign in March 2003. The United States and Britain launched a unilateral military action (without the permission of the United Nations) against Iraq. The main objective of military action - the removal of Saddam Hussein from power - was reached after three weeks of warfare. On 13 December 2003. U.S. forces captured Saddam Hussein near the town of Tikrit. In July 2004. begins the first court hearing in October 2005. the trial for crimes committed by Saddam Hussein against the Kurds and Shiites during the eighties and nineties of the twentieth century. 5th November 2006. Saddam Hussein was sentenced to death by hanging.
  · Ivan Pavao II. · Francisco Franco · António de Oliveira Salazar · Olof Palme · Enver Hoxha · Lech Walesa · Bolesław Bierut · Władysław Gomułka · Wojciech Jaruzelski · Aldo Moro Asia Mao Zedong · Žu · Enlai Deng Xiaoping · Chiang Kai-shek · Kim Il-sung · Kim Jong-Il · Rhee Rhee · Ho Chi Minh Võ Nguyên · Giáp · Pol Pot · Sukarno Suharto · · Jawaharlal Nehru Indira Gandhi · · Mohammed Reza Pahlavi · Ruhollah Khomeini · Saddam Hussein · Hafez al-Assad Hussein · I · Yasser Arafat · Yitzhak Rabin Menachem Begin · · David Ben-Gurion, Golda Meir · · Chaim Weizmann Africa Gamal Abdel Nasser · Anwar el-Sadat · Hosni Mubarak · Idi Amin Dada · Mobutu Sese Seko · Haile Selassie · Muammar al Gaddafi · Nnamdi Azikiwe · Kwame Nkrumah · Kenneth Kaunda · Julius Nyerere · Ahmed Sékou Touré · Agostinho Neto · Jomo Kenyatta · Robert Mugabe · Ian Smith Latin America, Fidel Castro · Fulgencio Batista Che Guevara · · Salvador Allende Augusto Pinochet · · Daniel Ortega · Omar Torrijos · Jacobo Arbenz Guzmán Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saddam_Hussein Categories: Presidents | History of Iraq
 