British politics - which is unacceptable FAF! A result is &quot;apples and oranges coalition ...&quot; My understanding of politics is limited and always has been - in Australia, where voting is compulsory, I have never registered to vote and fled to bother walking to the polls stand several hundred meters up the road. It&#39;s just because I married a Brit that I was exposed to British politics, and it is only because of the ridiculousness of it all I&#39;m perking and paying attention. Obviously I could have voted, as a Commonwealth citizen resident in the UK, but only to discover on election day - a little late. Because of his understanding, I have dissected the names of parties joining the coalition to collect a greater understanding of their general views and differences. Conservatism: &quot;the political and social philosophy that says that the traditional institutions of society work best and should avoid radical changes&quot; - I loath and detest conservatives.
 Women&#39;s rights, gay rights, racial equality, etc ... all interfere with the Conservatives. Liberalism: &quot;belief in the importance of freedom and equality&quot; - In Australia, the Liberals are essentially the right wing conservatives, so it&#39;s a little mental exercise may Lib Dem&#39;s opportunity as a relatively left wing parties. Interestingly, liberalism is a pro-equality, while conservatives are against change, including the equality ... Democratic &quot;government of the people or the rule of many&quot; - As Britain&#39;s democracy is obviously the ingredient is something mute .... &quot;We are all Democrats,&quot; they will say one thing that always made my head about how American politics is left-wing voters need to compromise in order to minimize the damage - should vote for the best of the worst, the lesser of two evils. At first November 2004 Michael Moore wrote a letter to his list called &quot;one day&quot;. In the 2004 elections the left wing voters favored Ralph Nader, but we all wanted Bush out so bad, even his own party and Nader told people to vote for Kerry.
 &quot;Ralph&#39;s own party, the Green Party would not support his run this year. This is because those of us who want to build a third party in this country know that the only way to do this is to build bridges with those who believe in the issues Nader believes in. But not one of those people will sacrifice the chance to remove George W. Bush from the White House on Tuesday. The choice here is clear: we can join with your friends, or we get angry at them? The implication is that voting for Nader this reduces the chance of choosing the lesser of two evils. Something is wrong in the electoral system, where you have to vote for someone other than their primary elections for fear of undermining your &quot;lesser of two evils.&quot; Just days before the general election, Labour Party in some constituencies was urging the electorate to vote Liberal Democrat ... to minimize the possibility that the Conservatives will win these seats.
 It sounds very similar circumstances in the United States. Something is wrong in the electoral system in which a party can get 23% of the total number of votes, but only 8.7% of the seats in parliament - This is not a public election. Furthermore, had the Lib Dems and Labour formed a coalition, with 52% of the total number of votes still would not (according to British politics), have a majority. Odd! Something is very wrong when the only two parties get 99.01% of the total number of votes! This is the situation in the U.S. in 2004, and there was no opportunity for third parties to join the fray. Although this is not the case in the UK, simply due to the fact that you vote for your local candidate, not the figure head, inherent problems remain. Fair and logical solution is a preferential voting - the type of ballot structure used in several electoral systems in which voters rank a list or group of candidates in order of &quot;And that&#39;s how it works: First, all the number &#39;1 &#39;votes are counted for each candidate .
 If a candidate gets more than 50% of formal first preference votes, then they are immediately elected. If no candidate has an absolute majority, the candidate with the least votes is excluded. These votes are then transferred to other candidates according to second preferences shown by voters on the ballots. If still no candidate has an absolute majority, again the remaining candidate with the least votes is excluded and these votes are transferred. This process will continue until one candidate has more than half the total votes and is declared &#39;elected&#39;. &quot;The advantage is that voters can vote for their primary election and then vote for their&quot; lesser of two evils &quot;with its second advantage. Smaller parties and independent candidates now get a really fair chance to be elected, and voters do not approve of their need and the right to both vote for their first choice, but also to cover their backs with a solid second choice.
 Liberal Democrat voters were more likely to benefit Labour Party than they are conservatives, if only the Liberal Democrats was a vote of preferences, Labor would have had a victory. If the efforts of the vote in losing electorates are preferenced, the Liberal Democrats would have won twice as many seats. Moronic British National Party are more likely to benefit the conservatives, but they get so little (ignorant) voters, they really are not worth considering. As an example - in the south of Dudley, where the Conservatives won with 43.1% of the vote, Labour scored 33% and the Liberal Democrats 15.7% - This is a fair guess Lib Dem voters prefer Labour to stay in power than conservatives to take a seat, and will more than likely work preferences - providing 48.7% of the vote. Split 8.2% of the UKIP vote in the middle, and the work that won a place! This is not an isolated instance, in fact, it was the first Conservative seat I looked at.
 More interesting electoral seat Bridgwater &amp; West Somerset - where preferential voting will yield a much, much closer to the figures. But moving on from the electoral process - the Liberal Democrats, voters are pretty disappointed with their choice of the coalition, but I think they did something very secret. They turned their 57 seats in the disproportionate power in the government. Forcing deal with conservatives that is far less conservative than the English people would have to put up with some other way. Would the lib-dem-labor coalition are more appropriate? Their policies are the same, but I think Nick Clegg has just used his bargaining position between the two sides to get the best deal for his own and his party&#39;s voters. Nick Clegg in a matter of time, it will be interesting, to answer questions from the perspective of Lib Dem coalition in the name of apples and oranges. His bizarre and interesting, that British politics.
 Posted 5 months ago at 4:13. Add comment
 