Ancient Greek Theatre, or ancient Greek drama, a theater culture that flourished in ancient Greece from about 550th up to about 220th pr. Kr. Greek city-state of Athens, which has become a significant cultural, political and military force in this period was its center. Theatre in Athens institutionalized as part of the festival in honor of Dionysus the Greek god of wine, Dioniza.Tragedija (late 6th century BC. Kr.) Comedy (486th pr. Kr.), And the satire were three dramatic genres that have emerged just in classical Athens. From Athens to spread the celebrations in many cities of Greek colonies and its allies to promote a common cultural identity. Modern European theater is based precisely on the Athenian drama, which was significantly marked by the world culture in general. In the beginning, the theater was a plain circle in the middle of a valley in which they sang and danced - orhestra. The spectators were standing on the side, and that the better view soon began to billet in the surrounding hills.
 There they eventually began to build and seats, at first a wooden and later stone and so was formed half round the auditorium or Theatron. The Greek Theatre was very appreciated, in the halls it was up to 25,000 seats in the 30,000-seat Athens. Contents [edit] Theatrical Theatrical texts texts initially be performed only during religious ceremonies in honor of the god Dionysus. Athenian dramatists were twice a year, competed in drama competitions for prestigious award-vjenac of ivy. The tragedies are told the story of heroes and powerful that they had to face the challenges of fate and the difficult decisions. Comedies are represented by prominent citizens in a strange and funny situations in which people did not stick to the respect for the gods. The program would begin at dawn and contained the five performances. All the activities in the city stood so citizens can attend the performances, and these days, prisoners would be released.
 The theater was one of the few public spaces on which access was granted to women. The audience outcry in cases of poor performance was expressed by throwing food or stones. All the actors were male and wore masks. The first articles were requested only one actor and the choir of 12-15 people who danced and sang. In time he grew the number of actors and roles. Aeschylus, Sophocles and Euripides wrote the most beautiful Greek tragedy, Aristophanes was a popular writer of comedies. [Edit] Architecture Theater at Epidaurus, 350 pr. Kr. Diameter of 114 m. Its uniqueness Helena was confirmed by the discovery architecture, theater. It is understandable that their understanding of the architecture of the solution gave the theater exclusively outdoors. She picked up the slopes of the hill in which they usijecali regular step, which consisted of seats for spectators (kaveje). The seats were made round the flat terrain, and rebuilt the center seat is a circular or semicircular orchestra designed assembly and movement actors.
 Next to it is kept on the third part of the theater - scan. It was initially a shelter in a tent that has served actors and later developed into a rectangular shape surrounded by columns and used exclusively for purposes of action. Acoustics in the Greek theater was so good that in the last row could hear just as well as in the first. The most famous is the Athenian theater, and the biggest one in Epidaurus. In later projects, theater underscored the elevated stage at the expense of orchestras, reflecting belonging to the choir and the rise of the individual actor. [Edit] Links [edit] External links Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starogr% C4% 8Dko_kazali% C5% A1te Categories: Theatre | Ancient Greek art | Ancient Greek architecture
 