Germany at the Olympic Winter Games (OWG) in Vancouver sent a total of 153 athletes. Without money from the budget Bundeswehrovog hard to make this country could ever take place at the top of the list of the most successful nation in the winter Olympic disciplines. Thanks to the military money, Germany is the Winter Olympics has sent a number of potential gold medal winners, who were by profession, in fact - soldiers / soldier. How does this system? Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Logo Deutsche Sporthilfe Anyone can become a recipient of sports &quot;help&quot; in the Bundeswehr - if they meet several requirements. In addition to the required quality of sports, one must be ready to receive the monthly &quot;salary&quot; of 1919 euros gross. Weekly working time is 60 hours. It must furthermore be ready and on numerous trips, sometimes families do not see, and for five weeks. They should not bother you or extremely low temperatures.
 Judging by the results of a study conducted by high school sports from Cologne, Germany top (winter) Olympians actually earn an average of exactly 1919 euro. &quot;Hoard&quot; the best ... For the best ones, multiple medal winners, it is still too small, considered Werner E. Klatten, head of German sports Assistance Foundation (Deutsche Sporthilfe), which coordinates the funding of elite athletes. Therefore, the monthly fees from January 2011. be increased, &quot;with 2,000 euros per month in your pocket athletes may be paid only - sport! This is a prerequisite to achieve the successes that they lack.&quot; A success generate extra money. Primarily the big successes matjecanjima like WIC-I. Russian gold medalist in Vanvouveru can count on a premium of U.S. $ 100,000 and a luxury car. German sports help &quot;their&quot; golden Olympians promised the 15,000-euro prize, a prize fund of German Ski Federation (DSV) &quot;hard&quot; a total of 500,000 euros.
 Bildunterschrift: Kati Wilhelm Professional Water - Bundeswehr and the happiest are those athletes who have good hand in sponsorship contracts - or professional status. These are for example ice hockey players. For all the other ones only way out is - Bundeswehr. The German army is the largest funder of top athletes in the country. Of the 153 German Olympic Winter Olympics in Vancouver-it even made them 63 &quot;working&quot; for the Bundeswehr. The best-known faces are likely Kati Wilhelm, Magdalena Neuner, the multiple medal winner at various matjecanjima biathlon. The height of &quot;wages&quot; depend, as befits a true army of the act. Criteria gold does not affect the amount of monthly income. Bildunterschrift: Magdalena Neuner is not (as photo suggests) Champion hopping in the water - but in biathlon Bundeswehr for 40 years funded by top athletes in practice and thus implements the Bundestag. German parliament 1968th The federal government pledged to &quot;...
 the Bundeswehr establish a system of financing and encouraging high-level athletes. &quot;There are currently 15 sports groups / location which is financed from the state budget. The annual costs amount to enable 25 million euros. The investment is well worth the time. At the last Winter Olympics in Torino in 2006. Germany was the most successful nations. ukuono of 29 medals, German soldiers and soldier won their 19th medal harvest in Canada is well begun. &quot;soldier&quot; Magdalena Neuner in the first performance (sprinting at 7.5 km) won the first medal - silver . Author: Olivia Fritz / sma Re. ed. M. Ljubicic
 