Bank Card (U.S. banker&#39;s credit card, Ger. Bankkreditkarte) is a special instrument loans and payments of households. This is a newer form of the financial servicing of the population and enhance the competitive position in the market. Pioneering role in the spread of this instrument belongs to a commercial bank Bank of America. The main reasons for its widespread application resulting from the efforts of banks to spread the spectrum of financial services to improve the mobilizing role, gather a wider circle of customers, improve service and other vital functions, follow the contemporary tendencies of electronic money transfers and the creation of new areas of revenue sources. It is the specific instrument that is based on a tripartite agreement between the bank, the owner of a bank card and merchant specific types of insurance lines of credit cardholder, while trade and service enterprises with suitable conditions accepted the arrangement on sales of goods and services to holders of credit cards without cash payments .
 Although most bank cards accepted without prior contractual arrangements with stores, most customers are those corresponding bank in which use different types of loans. There are two basic ways to create credit card banks. The first concerns the creation of its own cards a bank when the bank becomes both a participant or affiliated member group of banks that issue cards and arrange appropriate licensed and privilege rights. But they must meet very demanding requirements, due to the high initial cost of only large banks can count on the success of operations with credit cards. According to another method of one bank can arrange the card arrangement of larger and well-known banks. Medium and smaller banks would rather be involved in marketing programs, promotions and improving flow of credit card-sized banks, which carry a significantly lower cost and relatively higher incomes. Programs to improve the circulation of a large bank card by a wide range of banks in particular have been represented in international relations.
 There is also a co-operative card issuing bank when a larger number of each individual creates his card, but with one bank of the circle formed by the water bills and implemented a computer calculation of the movement of funds, thus reducing overall costs and risks of operations. Bank, which has a central organizational position, other banks pay a fee. Bank cards issued by operators with sufficient deposit and loan relationships. Each card is issued to open the appropriate credit line granted to the owner of the instrument, and computerization to instantly monitor and control the movement of funds and indebtedness of consumers. In terms of irregular payment of liabilities, the card may be withdrawn or the appropriate line of credit may be reduced to a level that is less risky. Installed a credit line can be adjusted upward and the cardholder requests, based on a favorable rating.
 Dues are calculated monthly, and so that the cardholder leaves the will of whether the obligation to pay at the end of the month without interest, or use a revolving credit with minimum monthly payments that the contract arrangement between the bank and the cardholder (as a standard feature of consumer lending in the retail and service sphere with a credit limit in a fixed and absolute terms). A large number of banks established a ceiling on individual loan transactions, through which one can go only with prior approval from the bank. Cardholder pay the service fee in the amount owed the bank balance from 1 to 1.5%. Renewal cards periodically. Holders of credit cards to buy goods and services without using cash and checks, they can withdraw cash at bank counters, use the line of credit up to certain limits and privilege of one-time payment of monthly debts by respective banks.
 It is possible to pay checks on the account holder of credit cards, an additional debt on its account. The revolutionary development of the credit card associated with computerization in the banking industry. The first card appeared in the arrangement of large commercial and / or service organizations, and only around the computerization of these credit programs have included the World Bank. The best known programs of credit cards are Bank-Amercard (initially launched by Bank of America, and now developed into a complex program called VISA) and Master-Card (Interbank Card Association). In the last two decades there has been a transformation of local loan programs in national and international programs in the consumer lending and bank cards have become a readily acceptable payment instrument at all points of trade and service transfer. Trade and service organizations achieve special effects in terms of eliminating non-performing loans, reducing the overall risk, accelerating the realization of goods and services and improving competitive market position.
 Links: Bank credit card business bank loan
 