Author: Jasmina Ryan Posted: 16.10.2010 bizarre statements and variety of candidates - 2 November will be a long day in which everything will be possible BOSTON - From the &quot;Republican revolution in 1994. - When the middle of the first term of Bill Clinton&#39;s re-mastered and the Republicans the House of Representatives and Senate in the U.S. Congress - was not here so much excitement about the partial elections for half of the mandate of the President. I was never in them reeling so much money. RELATED NEWS News furious, but no sense But, above all, has never been so much colorful candidates, especially those who go to visit the &quot;institutional Washington &#39;s support is probably justified angry, but not enough meaningful TeaParty conservative base. These elections will be remembered for that debate about principles replace elective gaffs and folklore. Most of the attention attracted people with bizarre statements, which leads to thinking about how you will, if you are elected, functioning government administration.
 &quot;I&#39;m not a witch ... I&#39;m you!&quot; - Says the TV spot TeaParty candidate for Senator from Delaware, Christine O&#39;Donnell. As were, among others, began to circulate her statement that she attended satanic rituals, she disappeared from public view for a few weeks. No Nazi uniform, not from the humorous shows. The newly emerged this week in a TV debate and poured such a flood of unrelated words, that her Democratic opponent Chris Coons said, &quot;you do not know where to begin suit. &quot;I&#39;m not a Nazi!&quot; Says Rich Iott with posters, Republicans and TeaParty candidate for the House of Representatives from Ohio, whose photo of a uniformed German SS commander of the Fifth Division of circulating virtual world, and he justifies by saying that he likes the historical staging of events. I lied and took the lead, however, that not only Republicans in trouble, and says the case of Richard Blumenthal, Democratic candidate for the senatorial position in Connecticut, who is also the wind after the lies that he fought in the Vietnam War, held a lead over Republican / TeaParty oponenticom Linda McMahon.
 Record-breaking role, particularly to monitor and Nevada, where Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid threatening TeaParty candidate Sharon Angle, who said that &quot;Sharia law won&quot; some U.S. cities and the U.S. must withdraw from the UN. In California, a close battle for the senatorial position Democratic Senator Barbara Boxer and former CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina Republican. Another woman from the local business community Meg Whitman, who was 10 years at the helm of eBay, the Republican candidate for governor. This lady in the campaign has invested a record $ 120 million U.S. dollars. Challenging the shows and the Supreme Court decision that gave corporations the right to unlimited donations, if not the candidates, then the private interest groups called PAC (Political Action Committee). Republican PAC&#39;s have raised over 300 million U.S. dollars, more than double the Democrats. Awakening of the voters on the first Tuesday of the month in which the voice of America, this year it is second
 November, will be in all day long where anything is possible. The outcome will depend on independent voters at this point prone to Republicans, but how much will you wake up numb Democratic base. Elections 2010: What&#39;s this all about? The game has all the 435 seats in the House of Representatives whose members are elected for two years, 37 of 100 in the Senate, gubernatorial positions in 36 of 50 states and many local governments. In addition to a referendum question. Predictions are constantly changing, but everything suggests that the battle for the House of Representatives to be tight - both sides have 168 safe seats and 99 chairs in the game where some Democrats predict a fiasco. The Senate Democrats already have 40 seats, against 23 safe Republican, and are more likely to retain a majority. On stage, everyone except Bush Obama after initial hesitation, whether to help or hinder the democratic candidates in the elections, which are indeed far less, and called a referendum on his administration, last month vigorously involved in the campaign, targeting the younger population.
 It is himself in the end a little raised ratings. Where are Obama&#39;s favor, a campaign for the Democrats led by former President Bill Clinton, which is the second year term popularity had fallen more than Obama. - Always love you more when you are no longer in power - said the standing ovation he receives. This week on the campaign divided out is still a very popular first lady Michelle Obama. Nowhere is there only former President George W. Bush. Number of recommendations: 4 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 