I do not think today is just randomly chosen for the inauguration was still unfinished Brasilia for the capital of Brazil. Date had to have certain propicijacijsku purpose, because the same day in April is considered the birthday of the Eternal City of the definition - of Rome. Brasília was built in the twentieth century, a child of the century, but is intended for eternity. The idea certainly megalomaniacal in their own way: reclaim part of the jungle and it sazdati capital, away from the established trade routes on which intersections have started opening najuznapredovaliji cities in the world, far from the sea on whose shore are the same in Brazil, created and Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo . Happy architect and Brasilia have been established before the major cities from scratch, or in what village of, and among them were recorded by far the greatest growth are those with more, such as Alexandria and Constantinople (Istanbul, Istanbul). Were built on the politically selected points, such as Islamabad or Yamoussoukro, but not nearly get the aura, which in the past 50 years acquired Brasília.
 The experiment, which was greeted with large reserves used in Brazil and elsewhere (for example, in the Zagreb Vjesnik on Wednesday), at the end he succeeded. According to some, because as a Catholic saint - Don Giovanni Bosco, founder of the Salesian order - even 1883rd dream the other night just such a town in the South American jungle, by chance just where it is now Brasília. By others because the structure of the city undertook a systematic communist - Oscar Niemeyer - who has even the &quot;cathedral in the desert,&quot; devised in accordance with human needs, arguing: &quot;Architecture serves life. Life changing architecture. &quot;Mostly is just Niemeyer credit goes to Brasília 1987th UNESCO world heritage sites and listed on her list, which leads to UNESCO. It is projected that the city and the Cathedral, and the President&#39;s chapel, a theater, and a representative palace of the President, Senate, Assembly, Brasília Palace Hotel, and a number of public buildings, eg
 Ministry of Defence, giving indelibly mark the miracle then the functional architecture. And why is Oscar Niemeyer Soares Filho (1907). One of the most famous and certainly the happiest architect of many in recent decades. The happiest, because - more than Frank Lloyd Wright, Le Corbusier over, more than Renzo Piano - he had a chance to be realized almost all of the projects and leave a really monumental mark on the architecture of the twentieth century, and behold, and XXI. The masterpiece of the first creator of Brasilia, in some sense, though a politician: former Brazilian President Juscelino Kubitschek de Oliveira, who in 1956. invited Niemeyer to design the new capital in the interior. Niemeyer is required to conduct a national competition for the master plan, in which he won also durable Lúcio Costa (1902.-1998.) Project with the form of a Roman castrum. Some, however, say the cross (but cardo and decumanus normally form a cross), a third say that, thanks to the configuration of the soil, has the shape of the aircraft.
 Costin plan is - beyond the dispute - was detailed and meaningful: divide the residential, commercial, banking, or hospital zone, but each of them intended by the representative objects. Determine the maximum dimensions: the residential area of the building may reach a maximum of six floors. The landscape was designed by Roberto Burle Marx, however (1909th-1994th), maternal grandson of Marx&#39;s cousin. Monumental Axle Brasilia is his masterpiece and proof that the city does not consist only of buildings and roads. Successful cooperation between Costa Niemeyer became the talk is 1934th, before he graduated in architecture in Rio. Costa and Niemeyer are jointly designed and built the palace of the Ministry of Education and Health in Rio, where they were the consultant was a Swiss architect Le Corbusier functionalists (1887th-1965th). Have jointly designed the pavilion for the World Exhibition 1939th New York, which has won them worldwide fame. Then Niemeyer worked independently as an architect and urban planner, and the first major task entrusted to him also Kubitschek, then still mayor of Belo Horizonte, at whose request the Niemeyer 1941st
 Pampulhu designed, modern suburb of the city. Supposedly just Pampulha was one of the guiding principles of V. Holjevca when he began to imagine New Zagreb. City on a human scale but Pampulha is planned and implemented warmer, about a man, without the cold rationality of a Le Corbusier, who suggested that Mussolini was &quot;clear the ruins,&quot; Rome and build an even more monumental. Brasília was built in the rainforest: construction started in 1957th, and the capital was moved to her 1960th Niemeyer was built without destruction. And, in fact, playing, and arguing that the man and the game functions. So he and his Cathedral in Brasilia (perhaps the most representative building of the twentieth century, and certainly the most beautiful cathedral built in this bloody century), the result of games and light (well, to have invented even earlier, many see the Sainte-Chapelle) and form the this case and the chalice and flowers. Brazil, of course, and criticized, primarily by its inhabitants.
   