AFP PHOTO After a recent, but already famous statement by German Chancellor Angela Merkel in her country &quot;failed concept of multiculturalism&quot;, are now moving in a counter-attack on those who &quot;run away from integration.&quot; So just introduced a draft document for a set of the ruling Christian Democratic Union (CDU), which will be held on the subject next month. It is clear that German society based on Judeo-Christian culture, and that she is &quot;leading&quot;. Before the settlers, therefore, raises a number of requirements, including the obligation to attend integration courses, which includes language instruction and &quot;cultural orientation&quot;. The trouble is that one fifth of all potential participants do not have time or will for such courses. In Germany, this topic is one of the most pressing and refers primarily to its 3.5 million citizens of Turkish and Islamic origin. In this country the last time it was the right barrel, primarily because of the dismissed director of the central bank Thila Sarrazin, who spoke very similar to what is now tells Merkel.
 German President Christian Wulff, who originally claimed that &quot;Islam has become part of Germany, partly backed off, and now he asks&quot; active integration &quot;of immigrants. While Germany, the main concern inflicted on Turkish immigrants in Belgium against those from the Balkans, most Roma in Serbia and Macedonia. Belgian State Secretary for Immigration Melchior Wathelet has just finished his new Balkan tour, which is trying to convince these states that Belgium &quot;advanced&quot;, but &quot;no Eldorado.&quot; Number of Balkan asylum seekers in this country, namely, in the last four months jumped to 2000. Wathelet adds that the same difficulties encountered and Germany, Sweden and Norway. Belgian State Secretary was inaccurate: it is a matter that concerns all of Europe, developed or undeveloped. Apart from the spectacular French expulsion of Roma and the present German offensive, almost no European country that could similarly declare failure of multi-kultija.
 It is clear from the recent electoral success protuuseljeničkih and related parties in developed countries such as Sweden, Denmark, Netherlands and Austria. They should add the related party is traditionally strong in Italy and Switzerland. And the new European countries such as Hungary, with a client such as Jobbik, and Bulgaria, with the Attak, directed primarily towards the Roma, not to speak. All this does not matter European, he said Wathelet, &quot;advanced countries&quot; of the new candidates for the EU require a lot of enthusiasm for the &quot;multi-cult, which in themselves, we&#39;ve seen,&quot; failed &quot;. Reply to this shuffle is a simple and well-known 2000 years: &quot;Quod licet Iovi, non licet Bovi&quot; (which is allowed to Jupiter is not allowed volume). Work, school, work ... Representative of the Bundestag Hans-Peter Uhl said that his party would legally oblige the organizers of the integration courses that must immediately inform the social services and services for foreigners if the migrants, despite their obligation to attend these courses, it will not be done.
 Integration courses introduced recently and consist of learning German, and familiarization with the German legal and social systems. After completion of the course is taken and a written exam. Josko Celan
 