BLOWOUT Icelandic volcano Laki 1783rd Europe is literally wrapped in black. Unprecedented event has had disastrous consequences for nature and people. It all happened in June. Now a thousand people died on the island. A massive cloud of volcanic ash covered the whole of Europe and North America. Historians have argued that part of the cloud and came to Asia and northern Africa. The consequences were even more terrifying as time passed. The eruption, although it occurred far from the European mainland, has caused utter hunger on the continent and led to dramatic changes in climate. Crops failed, livestock and the mass have died. Famine broke out. American statesman Benjamin Franklin said a year after the catastrophic eruption: &quot;... No sun, we meet the heavy fog over Europe and North America. &quot; In short, the Laki eruption was wiped out as the summer season. Temperatures have not increased and the cycle of the seasons simply disappeared.
 The sun was covered by a huge cloud of dust and lost in the summer of winter temperatures. Not only in Iceland than in other continents. The sun is like a pale ghost. Without a clear gloss and heat. Light is easily done most of what we thought was just a fantasy. And that&#39;s bad. He killed a total of 10 000 people, smog has been on all sides, the temperature is lowered, and the weather conditions were moody. Agricultural production in Western Europe is indeed drastically reduced, while hunger was great and lasted. Some scholars go so far as to the causes of the French Revolution see the consequences of the Laki eruption. There are those to which it gives an adrenalin rush, but most people are spectacular explosions and bursts of hot lava flow from the interior of the country in fear of the bones, the thought of volcanic eruption in many things horror. Because of the volcano were killed civilization, but as earthquakes and hurricanes have so far claimed more victims.
 Historical eruptions largest eruptions in history occurred 1815th when it was ready volcano Tambora on the Indonesian island of Sumbawa. Do mountain Tambora eruption was about 4000 meters high. Today, the &quot;short head&quot; - is high only 2850 meters. Tambora volcanic column height was 44 kilometers, the eruption is in the air ejected 150 cubic kilometers of volcanic material. Large amounts of hot volcanic material fell into the ocean, and this has caused additional explosions. Ash fell up to 1300 kilometers from the volcano. Tambora&#39;s eruption changed the climate and virtually abolished the summer and late summer and early autumn, the daily minimum temperatures in the northern hemisphere were abnormally low. Changes in climate were bad harvest and famine are felt around the globe. Tambora was killed about 90 000 people with them is about 10 000 died from the eruption, and about 80 000 died as a result - especially hunger and disease.
 Looking for your money back! The European Commission called on passengers to take advantage of their rights assured by the regulations and to seek compensation. - We encourage people to fight for their rights, &quot;said Commission spokeswoman Helen Kearns to traffic. - Europeans have the highest law in the world and should insist on them even in these circumstances - she added. &gt;&gt; PHOTO, VIDEO: &#39;This is a prelude to decades of strong eruptions in Iceland&#39;&gt;&gt; There we have six months of chaos in air traffic?
 