The bodies of the presidential couple Lech Kaczynski and Maria were buried today in a sarcophagus in the underground crypt of the cathedral to the Royal Wawel hill in Krakow. Krakow Archbishop Dziwisz led the ceremony laying the body in a sarcophagus in the crypt of &quot;silver bells&quot; by Polish kings, writers and heroes. Burial Lech Kaczynski and Maria, who are 10th April tragically killed in a plane crash in Russia&#39;s Smolensk along with 94 people, ending a condolence delegation of representatives of foreign relatives and friends of the presidential couple. The bodies of Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife were transported today morning from Warsaw to Krakow. Residents of the Polish royal city came out to the streets to greet the convoy drove coffins Polish presidential couple in the church of St. Mary in the central square of the town. For about 13 hours central square in Krakow was full and the surrounding streets.
 In Krakow today could reach all means of transportation other than aircraft. Dust from the Icelandic volcano that towers over Europe frustrate the plans of many world statesmen. As many as 51 state delegations, including U.S. President Barack Obama and German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy, has not arrived in Krakow. Mother Jarosław and Lech Kaczynski Jadwiga was not at the funeral, the hospital, and because of severe health Jarosław not allow her to announce that Lech was killed. In Croatia, a day of mourning, and the head man is not going Despite an enviable fleet of powerful sedan official, Croatian government, which today is a day of mourning, however, has not found its way to the president went to the funeral of Polish counterpart, and all the other victims. In Krakow, so President Dr. Ivo Josipovic represented our Ambassador to Poland John del Vechio. Of course, that the suspension of air traffic over Europe more difficult situation, and are therefore many statesmen cancel the visit, but many still come, as well as Slovenian President Danilo Türk.
 And it is indeed equally Krakow away. (Hd)
 