Banja Luka, in the Republic of Serbian bank with no Greek capital and because the Greek crisis has a direct impact on the domestic banking sector, as well as the overall economic situation. Moreover, it passed a package of measures to resolve the crisis in Greece, which will help the situation in that country stabilizes. She said this in an interview with &quot;Voice of Serbian&quot; Director of the Banking Agency of the Republic of Serbian Slavica Injac. - Savings of citizens is increasing and there is absolutely no reason for concern about the Greek crisis - said Injac ..
 Can Greece&#39;s debt crisis have negative consequences for the banking sector of Republic of Serbian? INJAC: The Republic of Serbian bank with no Greek capital and because the Greek crisis has a direct impact on the domestic banking sector, as well as the overall economic situation. Moreover, it passed a package of measures to resolve the crisis in Greece, which will help the situation in that country stabilizes ..
 According to experts&#39; opinion UniCreditovog research team, the crisis in Greece could be poured on a large number of European countries. The group classified as indirectly affected countries and BiH, which is located on the high seventh place? Can the Greek crisis spill over into RS? INJAC: Serbia is under great influence because it has four Greek banks, Croatia could also be under some influence. Given that we are between these two countries, perhaps it might be a certain indirect influence, but I think that there is no way that it could significantly affect the RS ..
 Euro in recent days had a significant drop against the dollar? What impact this has on Serbian? INJAC: When it comes to fall in euro and dollar rise, this could be reflected in increasing foreign debt. The fact is that if our public debt is denominated in dollars, he would be increased, but it is a relative thing, because the situation was similar last year when the dollar was lower, so we can benefit from it ..
 Is the population of RS savings safe? Do you expect that, as in October 2008. year, could come to the withdrawal of savings from banks? INJAC: Saving people is increasing and there is absolutely no reason for concern. Saving almost every month, growing by one percent, which is positive, because the money deposited in banks, people in RS, it is very important for the stability of the banking system ..
 How do you assess the current state of the banking sector RS? INJAC: Republic of Serbian banking sector remains stable and solvent. Last year was a difficult and challenging, but thanks to our prudent operation of banks, there were no casualties. Lending this year has not stopped, but there was not a significant increase, because commercial banks are now much more cautious. What is characteristic of our banking sector is that there are no sudden fluctuations, but are wary of those who borrow, and banks that provide loans. Italy.
 Some economists believe that the expansion of the crisis Italy had the biggest impact on the region, because the Italian bank present in the RS and the region. How do you comment? INJAC: The RS is only Unicredit bank which is owned by the Italian, but do not expect any significant fluctuations in the domestic banking sector. I believe that this crisis before Italy could hit Portugal and Spain. Serbian Voice
 