David Lopez izvakao and last atom of strength and served until the end of the ninth stage of the Vuelta a Espana, the Spaniard has made a key move five kilometers before the finish line after five hours and 20 minutes of celebrating in Alcoy six seconds ahead of Roman Kreuziger elsewhere. Igor Anton has resisted attacks by Joaquin Rodriguez and defended his red shirt leading the overall standings. 187-kilometer ninth stage of the Vuelta a Espana Calpea to Alcoy, after five hours, 20 minutes and 51 seconds won the David Lopez (Caisse d&#39;Epargne). The Spaniard was in the group, which escaped the early stages and osipala over seven categorized climbs to be made a key move five kilometers before the finish, slyly at Alto do Revolcata downhill over the reins and never looked back. He pulled out the last atom of strength, but she endured, resisted primarily Roman Kreuziger (Liquigas) and ahead of the Czechs in the second and the Italians Giampaolo Caruso (Katusha) in third place celebrated its first victory in one of the three major races of the world in his career.
 &quot;Sweeter than I imagined. I always wondered what would have passed through my mind at the moment that lifted his hand to pass, but this intense experience I had hoped for even in my wildest dreams, &quot;said 29-year-old. Igor Anton (Euskaltel) and Joaquin Rodriguez (Katusha) were completed in the main group seven minutes behind Lopez and maintain the same spacing. Rodriguez was given everything, but failed to separate: &quot;I took out all the tricks out of a hat, but in vain. I am disappointed because I wanted to take the lead before Tuesday to enter into Catalonia, &quot;said 31-year-old Catalan. After a rest on Monday, Tuesday is 173.7 km ride from Tarragona and Vilanova, birthplace of the late Isaac Galvez who died four years before the race, &quot;Six Days of Ghent,&quot; and his Caisse d&#39;Epargne will surely bite more than usual to his victory honor. Vuelta a Espana, 9 Stage: 1.Lopez (Spain / Caisse d&#39;Epargne) 5h20: 51 2.Kreuziger (Czech Republic, Liquigas) +6 3.Caruso (Italy, Katusha) 4.Moncoutie +13 (France, Cofidis) +21 5.Kadri ( France, AG2R) +27 ... overall standings 1.Anton (Spain / Euskaltel) 37h56: 42 2.Rodriguez (Spain, Katusha) 3.Nibali (Italy, Liquigas) +2 4.Tondo (Spain, Cervelo) +42 5 . Peraud (France, Omega) +52 ... More www.hrsport.net by Maja Giljanović Related Articles
 