Author: Nikola Šajn Posted: 15.10.2010 Copiapo - &quot;What happens in a coal mine, remains mine.&quot; Such are the alleged pact made the Chilean miners before they pulled out of the mine imploded, but the stories of disruption, but the real quarrels and blows begin to go out in public. RELATED NEWS News Truth and Democracy leader of the miners, Luis Urzua (54), in his first interview for Britain&#39;s Guardian, presented the official version of events. The most famous head of shifts in the world said that he managed to preserve the unity and discipline, so he decided that the decision at 700 meters below the ground to make a democratic majority. - You must tell the truth and believe in democracy - said Urzua. However, another miner, mechanic, Richard Villaroel (23), revealed that the miners are still just people - and that scared the life and confined to a small area were not very unique way. - When the second landslide occurred, it was the scariest moment because mine remained completely blocked.
 I thought never again see his wife or the birth of a son - said Villaroel. The first 17 days, before they managed to establish contact with the surface, it was the worst - the miners were preparing to die from hunger, some have crept into bed and did not want to get up. - We agreed that we all share the food. Every 24 hours we ate a piece of tuna. Nothing else - said Villaroel, who was in those first 17 days lost 12 pounds. - We started fretting ourselves and we all grew thinner. This is called cannibalism, &quot;said one miner who was down there. The first three went my body was eating itself - he said. When they realized they would be saved, he says, have signed a &quot;blood pact&quot; not to reveal what happened at the mine. The first three - Edison Pena, Juan Carlos Illanes and Bolivian Maman - yesterday left the hospital. Dark secrets from the miners of Chile - quarrels and fights media report that the miners kept a dark secret about where it is known only implicitly.
 It is known that a group of five miners separated from the rest, no miner Osman Araya was his brother Rodrigo said to have created three mutually posvađane. Disagreements were crossed to blows. - There is a scramble - said one of rudarevih colleagues. Number of recommendations: 11 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 