Edward Rydz-Śmigły (Łapszyn, 11 March 1886th - Warsaw, December 2, 1941.) Was a Polish marshal, the military commander in World War II and Supreme Commander of the Polish Army, painter and poet. After a series of military successes, Rydz-Śmigły was one of the commanders of the Polish-Soviet war, and the successor of Marshal Piłsudskog a General Inspector of military forces, which, in the period since 1935. 1939., served as head of state. He participated in the Polish defense during the German invasion, an event that started World War II. Contents [edit] Biography [edit] Early life Born on 11 ožujka 1886th Łapszyn in a small village, near Berežanija, in what is now Ukraine. Tomasz His father was an officer in the Austro-Hungarian army, but the family still lived in quite modest circumstances. At the age of 13 years and lost his father and mother, Mary Babiak. At first he was educated grandmother and grandfather on his mother&#39;s side, and later assumed the role of family physicians Uranowicza, a local doctor in Berežaniju.
 After graduating from high school, Rydz went to Krakow where he graduated in history and philosophy at Jagiellonian University. Afterwards, he studied at the Academy in Krakow, a continuing study in Munich and Vienna. During the 1910th, while staying in Vienna, he went to the officer&#39;s academy, and educated at the famous fourth pješadijskoj regiment &quot;Deutschmeister. After completing military training, he was invited into the Imperial army, but refused the invitation. 1912. Rydz established Polish paramilitary organization Związek Strzelecki. Soon within the study at the Academy, and was praised by his teachers and critics, especially because of its landscapes and portraits. [Edit] First World War the year 1914. conscripted into the Austro-Hungarian army, where he served on the Eastern Front in the brigade Józefa Piłsudskog. After participating in the battles against the Russians, and an exhibition in Krakow, Rydz in 1917. After Piłsudski imprisoned in Magdeburg, because his unit did not want to take an oath Germans and Austrians, he became supreme commander of the POW&#39;s and added you nickname Śmigły (Polish: Fast, agile), which was later added as its second name.
 1918. joined the Socialist government Ignacyja Daszyńskog as Minister of War. In this period promoted to brigadier-general, and the position of Minister of War Piłsudskijev accepted as a substitute. During this period officially begins and use the surname Rydz-Śmigły. On 11 November 1918. year, the government transferred all power to Marshal Piłsudskog who became interim head of state (Naczelnik Państwa). After a brief hesitation (because he was disappointed Rydzovom cooperation with the Socialists), Piłsudski was nevertheless improved Rydz the Brigadier. [Edit] Polish-Soviet War Marshal Józef Piłsudski and Edward Rydz-Śmigły during the Polish-sovjetkosg war soon, Rydz-Śmigły becoming one of the commanders of the Polish-Soviet War (1919th to 1921st), which is fighting on several offensive and relationships victories in some key battles, among which was the conquest of Kiev. He commanded during the Battle of Warsaw, the famous battle that was ever known as the miracle of the Vistula.
 Although a key role in this battle had Piłsudski, who outwitted General Tuhačevskog, Rydz-Śmigły played an important role in defense against Soviet attack, but also blocking the escape route by the Red Army planned to use. [Edit] The successor of Marshal Piłsudskog President Ignacy Moscicki handed Edward Rydz-Śmigłyju Marshallese stick After the war, Rydz-Śmigły became Inspector General of the Army in the district of Vilna, and later in Warsaw. Year 1926., After the May coup Marshal Piłsudskog, Rydz-Śmigły decided to agree with the coup plotters, and according to time organized anti-government troops. Piłsudski never forgot this event, and soon set Rydz-Śmigłyja to his deputy for East issues. On 13 svibnja 1935th, after the death of Marshal Piłsudskog, Rydz-Śmigły is proposed to replace him at the place of Inspector General of Polish military forces, which was in accordance with the wishes of the Piłsudskog.
 Otherwise, after the death of Marshal, his followers, known as Sanacja, divided into three factions. The first is supported Rydz-Śmigłyja, the other supported the president Ignacyja Mościckog, while a third supported the Prime Minister Waleryja Slawek. However, he was President Moscicki signed an agreement with Rydz-Śmigłyjem to solve Slawek, which he succeeded. Rydz-Śmigły became the de facto leader of the Polish, while Moscicki its influence remained a de jure leader of the Polish, or the President. Rydz-Śmigły soon flourished, and was named by the prime minister, for &quot;the other man in the country after the president,&quot; a 10th studenog 1936th Marshall became the Polish. Movement obóz Zjednoczenia Narodowego (Ozone) greatly popularized Rydz-Śmigłyja, sparking outcry followers of Marshal Piłsudskog that this popularization characterized as a negative act of self-promotion Marshal Rydz-Śmigłyja.
 Period Rydz Śmigłyjeve-rule was known as a &quot;dictatorship without a dictator&quot;. He was definitely lacking the moral authority that had Piłsudski, a big problem and created a division among the followers of the late marshal. During these four years (1935th-1939th), the national leadership was divided on the &quot;President&#39;s Men&quot;, who supported Mościckog, and &quot;people of Marshall, who supported Rydz-Śmigłyja. Minor problems were created, and supporters of the deposed prime minister Slawek. The regime eventually became more authoritative and conservative, and ozone, although it failed to create a nationwide movement, mainly working on promoting and setting Rydz-Śmigłyja the second largest Polish leader (after Piłsudskog). [Edit] Adolf Hitler and 1939. years ago Marshall Edward Rydz-Śmigły and French General Maurice Gamelin in Warsaw 1936th In March 1939th, German dictator Adolf Hitler occupied Bohemia and Moravia, and Slovakia established a puppet government headed by Monsignor Jozefo Tisom.
 Poland thus became orkužena on all sides except the east, and the only Rydz-Śmigły realize the potential danger of conflict with Germany. However, there was no time to organize a new defense plan, and is the only option remaining would negotiate with the West. During a meeting in Moscow, Rydz-Śmigły categorically rejected pleas to allow the West to the Soviets passing through Poland, claiming that it is no guarantee that the Soviets actually participate in war, adding that the Soviets, once they enter into Poland, out of it no longer want to go. When Hitler first September 1939. invaded Poland, Rydz-Śmigły became Supreme Commander, but already the seventh September, along with the rest of the state leadership, he left Warsaw. Problems with communication networks prevented his commanding quality. On 11 September ordered that Warsaw defend at all costs, hoping that the city and the nearby fortress Modlin withstand a few months, which will be enough time to send the British and French military assistance.
 But Rydz-Śmigły knew that the Allies do not plan to send help Poland, and they expect to drop. His plan has suffered yet another severe blow when, 17 September, Poland, the Soviets invaded from the east. Realizing then that the battle is lost, Rydz-Śmigły ordered his troops to retreat to Romania in order to avoid further conflicts. Having successfully evaded arrest, Rydz-Śmigły on 18 September 1939. fled to Romania. Although this flight (because he was still commander in chief), caused controversy, has resulted in that Poland did not officially submitted, and the Polish troops could still fight. A large number of Polish soldiers went to regrupaciju in France, after its fall, the United Kingdom. [Edit] Last year, Tomb of Marshal Rydz-Śmigłyja Marshall Rydz-Śmigły took full blame for the Polish defeat in September 1939. He was very capable at lower front, but such major surgery created his problems.
 This thesis has been confirmed 1922nd Marshal Piłsudski in its evaluation Rydz-Śmigłyja, in which he described as operationally capable, but he expressed sumunju in his ability to lead a larger war between the two countries. In Romania, Rydz-Śmigły odganizira Polish underground movement, a group of officers loyal to Pilsudski. On 27 October renounced his position of Inspector General, and was succeeded by Władysław Sikorski, then a member of the government in exile that has operated in France (later the UK). He was later located in a villa of former Romanian president, but soon he illegally fled to Hungary. Upon arrival in Hungary, there was the idea of returning to Poland to participate in the resistance movement, which greatly annoyed Sikorski, who was Rydz-Śmigłyjev and Piłsudskijev opponent since the May coup. Sikorsky had contacted the head of the Army telegram krajowa, Stefan Grot-Roweckog, and warned him to Rydz-Śmigłyjev return.
 But Rydz-Śmigły soon left Hungary and arrived in Slovakia over Poland. On 30 listopada 1941st, Rydz-Śmigły in strict secrecy came to Warsaw, where he participated in the resistance movement as an ordinary member, thus suspends its title Marsala. No, 2 December 1941., at the age of 55 years, Edward Rydz-Śmigły suddenly died of heart failure. He was married to Martha Zaleski, but the couple had no children. He was buried in Warsaw under the pseudonym Adam Zawisza and his tombstone bore this name to 1991. year. The new monument was erected in 1994. by the citizens of Warsaw, in the same place at the cemetery Powązki. v • d • Polish presidents and non-presidential heads of state after the 1918th The Second Republic (1918th-1939th) Naczelnik Państwa (1918th-1922nd) Józef Piłsudski president of the republic (1922nd-1926th) Gabriel Narutowicza • Maciej Rataj (acting) • • Stanisław Wojciechowski Maciej Rataj (acting) • Ignacy Moscicki Polish Marshal (1926.
 - 1939.) Józef Piłsudski • Edward Rydz-Śmigły government in exile (1939th-1945th) Władysław Raczkiewicz (recognized only by the Allies) People&#39;s Republic of Poland (1944. - 1990). General Secretaries (1943. - 1990). Gomułka Władysław • Bolesław Bierut • Edward Ochab Władysław Gomułka • • • Edward Gierek Stanisław Kania Wojciech Jaruzelski • Mieczysław Rakowski • President of the Republic 1947th - 1952. Bolesław Bierut 1989th Wojciech Jaruzelski Presidents Council of State (1952nd-1989th) • Aleksander Zawadzki Edward Ochab, Stanisław Kulczyński, Oskar Ryszard Lange, Bolesław Podedworny • Edward Ochab Marian Spychalski • • • Henryk Józef Cyrankiewicz Jabłoński • Wojciech Jaruzelski Third Republic (1990. -) Wojciech • Jaruzelski Lech Wałęsa Aleksander Kwaśniewski • • Lech Kaczyński • Bronisław Komorowski Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Rydz-% C5% 9Amig% C5% 82y&quot; Category: Poland during World War II | Polish politicians | Military commanders in World War II | Polish writers | Poets | Painters | Politicians in the Second World War
 