Prediction in Telecommunications in 2010. are focused on the effects of technological change, especially digitalization and mobility data. Special impact on this year&#39;s survey imla predictions of the economy for 2010. Topics addressed in this study include the growing importance of mobile search as a smart phone option, the success of VoIP on mobile devices, changes in network technologies and plans to determine the price to be agreed with the &quot;explosion&quot; of information, changes in the contracts when it comes time for its implementation and duration of services and focus of the telecommunications sector to reduce environmental impact with concomitant financial savings. Smartphone becomes the phone to search for Smartphone will be a successful player in 2010. It is expected that the share of the global smartphone market, mobile devices continues to grow, so will come to a solid increase in shipments, and unit values.
 During this year, discussions and news headlines about smartphones is likely to be focused on the dominance of certain devices, manufacturers and work platforms. We believe that the most important battle in 2010., It is about dominance in the search mobinog, could receive insufficient attention to the analysts and the media, perhaps because it is expected that revenues from mobile search grow from a modest U.S. $ 1 billion to 2 billion. However, manufacturers of devices for mobile search could finally spend multiple amount in order to strategically position their companies in order to better take advantage of income that are expected in the future. Mobile VoIP is becoming a social network users to use mobile VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) should be in 2010. year to expand beyond a niche in the mainstream of the market, thanks to the availability of new services that combine a number of features based on IP and associated with the transmission of voice over mobile devices.
 In addition to supply low-cost calls, these services will offer a wide range of functions, including the ability to call, multicast, broadcast voice mail and voice-to-text option. Number of mobile users multifunctional VoIP services should be in 2010. reach tens of millions. The growing acceptance of these services could lead to fundamental shifts in expectations of what mobile devices can and should offer. The connection becomes &quot;greener&quot; Global telecommunications sector would be likely to seriously focus on reducing direct and indirect emissions of carbon dioxide. Emissions to the phone line should fall on average by 10 percent, even though here must take into account the fact that the total number of lines increases. The global telecommunications industry, which provides services for the four billion customers, with an average of 1.5 lines per user, per year generated 183 million tons of carbon dioxide.
 It is about 0.7 percent of global carbon dioxide emissions, which is still cheaper compared to automotive and aviation industries. Operators should focus on reducing carbon dioxide emissions from two important reasons, each motivated by one common denominator - cost. In developed countries, the primary motivation for the reduction of CO2 emissions per line will reduce costs. In developing countries, where networks continue to acquire new customers, manage costs will likely be a factor. Dissemination of &quot;bottleneck&quot;. Telecommunications technology helps solve deadlock in the mobile telecommunications network technology to enable better functioning of the existing wireless network - hardware, software and radio frequency solutions - should experience a far greater increase than the increase in costs for IT in general. The leading company specialized in this area is likely to record a growth of almost 100 percent, and even the average successful companies could achieve growth of 30-40 percent.
 