Author: Drazen Arapović Published: 12.05.2010 The aircraft were 93 passengers and 11 crew members. Most of the passengers, 61 of them were Dutch nationals TRIPOLI - Libyan plane crashed today on landing at the airport in Tripoli where they killed 103 persons. Although the first reports said that lost their lives all the passengers and crew members were on board, AFP reports that the accident survived an eight-year Dutch boy who was taken to hospital. According to latest information, in good condition and his life is in danger. RELATED NEWS MAP News: In a plane crash in Libya, killing 104 people most resistant: Why airline disasters often surviving children on board were 93 passengers and 11 crew members. For now, no information about the causes of the accident, which occurred at 6 am local time on landing aircraft Airbus-330 Afriqiyah Airways to fly from Johannesburg, South Africa to Libya.
 - The aircraft exploded on landing and completely fell apart - said the Libyan official said. Correspondent for Agence France-Presse reports that the police surrounded the crash site, firefighters and ambulance crews, and between the Libyan city and the airport, which are each about 50 km away, rushing to emergency vehicles. Weather conditions in Tripoli this morning were good. Libyan Minister of Transport Mohamed Ali Zidan exclude the possibility that a terrorist attack could be the cause of the accident. He added that the final list of all the victims yet to be determined, but confirmed that the fatal flight 8U771 was &quot;Libyans, Africans and Europeans.&quot; All crew members were Libyan nationals. The aircraft, with an eight-year old boy, was a total of 61 Dutch citizen, confirmed the local tourist board. Remember, last year&#39;s 12-year-old girl was the only survivor of the airliner crash in the Comoros.
 Afriqiyah Airways uses Airbus aircraft. On the official web site said the company began working 2007th years, and was founded in April 2001. - The aircraft has undergone a dozen security checks in recent years at European airports - said a spokesman for the European Agency for Aviation Safety Daniel Hoeltgen. Afriqiyah Airways is not in the black list 300 companies that can not fly into the European Union. French investigators will travel to Tripoli today to participate in the investigation of the accident, said the French government agency for investigation of aircraft accidents BEA, and their experts will be sent to Libya and Airbus. Today&#39;s accident was the worst aviation accident in Libya on 22 December 1992. year when, also in the vicinity of Tripoli, the plane crashed and killed 157 people. SMALL WONDERS: Among the survivors only half the children were Dutch boy, who has already been called a small miracle (though not yet officially declared the only one to survive), recalled the case of 13-year-old girl Bahia copper.
 Schoolgirl from Paris is the only survivor of plane crash near the Chamber last year and showed remarkable composure, strength and perseverance: held up for hours for the wreckage in the Indian Ocean, while aid has not arrived. The two are rare, which are the only survivors of a plane crash. Since 1971., The portal Airsafety.com, these lucky ones was 14 (including the above mentioned cases). Seven were children, which is partly attributed to greater protection of the seats in case of small bodies and the ability to easily otrpe strokes. The crash near Detroit 1987th of the 150 passengers survived only Cecilia Cichan (4), Colombia 1995th of the 47 passengers Erika Delgado (9), in Cambodia 1997th one year baby in 2003. in Sudan, Mohamed al-Fateh (3), only one of 105 people. (AH) of recommendation: 7 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 