Slovenian skier, runner Peter Majdič figured as one of the top favorites for gold in the 30 km race and a classic sprint, but at training a few days before the race, suffered a serious accident and fell in nine feet wide and three meters deep abyss that the organizers failed to properly fence. It is sustained four broken ribs, pneumatoraks and fainting, but still unaware of the severity of injuries still decided to compete in the race and sprinterskoj venture that will long recount skied to bronze medals. That she is an incredible feat and earned prize Terry Fox, which is awarded to athletes who, with their personal stories in a special way to embody the courage and determination. &quot;When I announced that I would get a prize Terry Fox was shaking as I have never in my life. I wondered why I did it happen? Why? Today I know. None of the gold medal will inspire people like my venture,&quot; said the heroin game.
 ATHLETE GAMES Bode Miller arrived at the Olympic Winter Games in Torino as well as unparalleled biggest star, the favorite for gold medals in all five alpine skiing disciplines. But then, however, succumbed to enormous pressure that he inflicted upon the Americans and won only the fifth in downhill and sixth in giant slalom, and has been labeled the biggest disappointment of the Games. In Vancouver, because all made up from the shadows došuljavši the first Olympic gold, and on account yet pribrojivši the silver and bronze. And all this after just two months rather be with her daughter, but the snowy slopes, even thinking about the end of his professional career. Female athletes GAMES Monarchs Nordic sports, Norwegians, in Turin four years ago won only two gold medals and nine in the final sum, which caused large-scale earthquakes in the national Olympic association. This many times in Canada have achieved far better results, and emerged as the most successful participant games.
 Marit Bjorgen will travel home with three gold, silver and bronze medal: &quot;It&#39;s wonderful to win five Olympic medals. It will probably take me awhile to realize what I did,&quot; said skier happy runner. Three gold medals won and Kineskninja Wang Meng in speed skating trials on short tracks. The most impressive PRESENTATION long after the performance Boleros Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean in Sarajevo in 1984. The figure skating has not experienced the perfect presentation. In Vancouver it&#39;s successful 19-year Korean woman Kim Yu-Na, who has done something that will hardly be surpassed in the near future. In both programs, however, has never won a higher number of points, impressed the judges and the world and set a new record with a score of 150.06. And yet she is 19 .. PEHIST Lindsey Vonn and games in Vancouver is most likely to come accompanied by publicity and expectations of the nation. It is the leading skiers of the world was the favorite in all five disciplines, a candidate even for five gold medals.
 But just before the Games, in training in Austria, the harder she fell and seriously natukla leg, causing nearly a week was not able to stand on skis. Incredible pain still prevailed and skied to gold in downhill and silver in super G, but then again suffered an injury, breaking his right hand thumb in the giant slalom. And with such a serious injury once again decided to compete, and thus found itself on the slalom and the start of the last day of the program, although he was aware how difficult it can achieve a better result. No Paralympic never played in the regular winter Olympic Games, the first on home ground, to become Brian McKeever. Unlucky to the blind skier racer to compete in Vancouver preparing for several years, to make it menu reprezetacije eventually left out in the final list, saying he &quot;already has a four better than him.&quot; Sven Kramer is likely, however, one of the largest high-speed skaters of all time, but at the Games in Vancovueru will be remembered for its incredibly gafu that cost him his gold medal in the &quot;marathon&quot; at 10,000 feet.
 Kramer, in fact, passed the first line of the goal and has already begun to celebrate, when he informed the judges that went wrong lane, following his &quot;confused coach.&quot; &quot;I am angry&quot;, and only briefly managed to speak after the tragic event. The most unusual STORY FESTIVAL author funniest and most unusual stories of the Games is a fast German skater Anni Friesinger-Postma. 33-year-old, in fact, skated the last semi-final amendment is reflected in their state, but in the last corner lost her balance and fell on my stomach. However, the tradition was by no means out of Friesinger-Postma. In the last few feet literally managed to drag, crawl to the finish line in the last minute to throw the right foot forward to stop time. The chip, which registers the passage of the finish is, in fact, in klizaljci. In the finals, even without her presence, the German woman took the gold medal. &quot;I thought: No, no, I&#39;m going.
 Why? I thought about how the girls look at me, as I have the whole team collapsed dreams. But in the end I still got the gold around his neck, and I think that these medals forever recorded in history, &quot;said the happy skaters. DISAPPOINTMENT GAMES Alpine skiing was introduced in the program Olympic Winter Games in Garmisch-Partenkirchen 1936th year and it was , to Vancouver, the only time when no medals in the final settlement is not given to the Austrians. This is a ski superpower in Canada in the women&#39;s competition also justified expectations, but the skiers have failed completely and unexpectedly left without a single medal! similar feel disappointed and Russians, who For the first time in 50 years of long lost gold in figure skating programs. expected to Šabalina of Maxim and Oksana Domnine, but they lost all chances of a desperate and offensive performance in the free program. Best debut on his first Olympic Games is the best German skier Maria Riesch surpassed all expectations and achieved historic success in all five alpine skiing disciplines placing in the top ten (SC gold in slalom and slalom, eighth place in the downhill and super G, giant slalom at the tenth).
 The venture is that the Olympic Winter Games so far failed or a skier, not even the heroine Croatian Janica Kostelic, who was in Salt Lake City in 2002. missed the downhill competition. Definitely the greatest tragedy of the greatest tragedies of the Games took place just hours before the opening ceremony, when he was killed in training Georgian sanjkaša Nodar Kumaritašvili. The whole world is after this tragic event cursed &quot;trail of death&quot; in the Whistler Sliding Centre, which many athletes marked the fastest and most dangerous in the world. The tragic deaths were still forced organizers to certain cuts and alterations, and in the end probably saved several lives and careers. Worth to mention the bold move Canadian artistic skater Joannie Rochette, who skated and won a bronze medal despite knowing that she was a few days earlier, died of a heart attack a mother who came to cheer her in her Olympic performance.
 With Slovene Peter Majdič for exceptional courage and determination won the award Terry Fox. &quot;I wish that I was inspired by something other people, but what can I do? Of maternal deaths was passed nearly a week, but I still do not understand that is no longer with me. I&#39;m not aware of any that I won an Olympic medal. Feelings are divided,&quot; said Rochette is. Bad Boys GAMES Canadian Scott Lago (snowboard) won the epithet &quot;bad boy games&quot; after being away from Vancouver because of the photos taken to celebrate winning the bronze medal in a Canadian bar. Lago, in fact, stripped shirt and a medal hung below the waist, and an attractive unnamed fan let her kiss. Medal, of course. CONFLICTS OF GAMES One of the main events of the Games was supposed to be a great duel Evan Lysacek and Yevgeny Plušenka. Prvospomenutog, as the leading skaters past few years and Plušenka, that is only because of the Olympics came out of retirement and went about trying to conquer the only medal that he is missing.
 Duel in the end still went to Americans, even though most objective fans of the sport agreed that the victory should belong to far more attractive Plušenku. Russia is angry at the statements of the competition after a violent attack on the judges and Lysacek, but announced that he will try to compete in Sochi for four years, and avenge this &quot;unbearable&quot; injustice. Another confrontation occurred inside the U.S. team, between Lindsey - Julia Mancuso. Among the skiers who can compete with each other since childhood feud culminated in the Olympic giant slalom, when Lindsey Vonn decline prompted defending that after prođene almost the entire path back to the starting line and start from scratch, since the judges on the track too late to show the yellow flag (signaling falls short interruptions). FASHION Faux GAMES Many were those who wanted to emphasize in any sense in any way, and not just a sporting success, so the competition for using extremely creative, but not necessarily successful fashion creations.
 Among the many examples (especially those in figure skating), still the most stressed Norwegian curlingaši, who opted for shirts in the style of Tiger Woods and Ian Poulter trousers fashion. Words are redundant - see ... Oldest and the youngest Canadian Kristie Moore (curling) with 30 years on the back is the youngest participant in games, but then carries the youngest competitors, since it is already nearly six months - pregnant. Genuine youngest participant was, however, an Australian snowboarder, 15-year-old James Scott. The oldest competitor was alpine skier Huberttus von Hohenlohe, full name Prince Hubertus von Furstenberg Rudolph-von Hohenlohe-Langenburg, where the Games in Vancouver were fifth in his career and the first after the Lillehammer 1994th when they competed for Mexico in the giant slalom. FIRST ... Canada has twice so far, about Vancouver, hosted the Olympic Games (summer and winter), but both times they were humiliated, imprisoned, not winning a single gold medal.
 This is their time and it finally succeeded, in the account are pribrojivši the most ever - 14 First he won the freestyle skier Alexandre Bilodeau skiing in the bumps (moguls). Bill Demong won the first gold medal for the United States in any discipline slavivši Nordic combined ski jumping and running. But at the same time he was greatly helped by Mother Nature, who during his last jump on the big runway gave a completely clear skies and calm winds, while the other rivaliima bothered by the fog, wind and even rain. Chinese pair of Shen Xue and Zhao Hongbo before four years have been the favorite for Olympic gold, but just before the games Zhao potrgao Achilles tendon and ultimately, miraculously, managed to doklizati only bronze. For the Games in Vancouver have returned from retirement and overwhelmingly celebrated on the fourth Olympic final in the treasury pospremivši only medal that they lacked the remarkable career.
 Evan Lysacek of the United States won the first gold medal in figure skating in singles by Brian Boitanoa 1988th (Calgary). Canadians Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir win ice dancers in the competition became the first North Americans to the gold figure skating discipline. RECORDS Apolo Anton Ohno in Vancouver has reached the figure of eight Olympic medals, making him one of the best short track skaters in history, the most successful U.S. winter Olympian. This was his third, and most probably last Olympics. American Shaun White won the overwhelmingly in the first round of competition in the snowboard halfpipe, but also did another ride and celebration, in which he took the hardest trick today called the &quot;Tomahawk&quot; and won a record number of points - 48.4 (maximum possible is 50). First it left behind a competitor to 3.4 points. Alpine Ski Team USA in the history of the Winter Olympics, won only five medals (two in Torino in 2006.
 years), but in Vancouver because &quot;exploded&quot; and nearly doubled the entire contingent. Bode Miller, Lindsey Vonn, Julia Mancuso and Andrew Weibracht together have won eight medals, though with a little luck and could do a number of (mainly refers to Vonn and Mancuso). Women&#39;s hockey team set a Canadian record in the amount of victories for the first game of the tournament. With the score 18:0 overcome the selected type of Slovakia. LEGENDS 28-year-old Swiss Simmon Amman reprized the Olympic Games in Salt Lake City in 2002. year and crowned with gold on both jumps, thus becoming the most successful single jumper in the Olympic Games. Ole Einar Bjørndalen further strengthen its already legendary status biathlon performing in another Olympics and winning the relay 4 x 7.5 km, and a former silver at 20 km. 36-year-old Bjørndalen the account now has six Olympic gold, three silver and one bronze.
 Andre Lange once again excelled in competitions the best bobista defeating the two-seater after the Salt Lake City, triumphed in four, and four years later he was champion in both disciplines. TABLE MEDAL in the aggregate medal winner was the United States, whose athletes have won as many as 37 medals, more than any country in the history of the Winter Olympics. But the number of gold medals, however they overtook the host, also achieving the highest score and taking the 14 gold medals. Organizational problems are not any games in Vancouver last no organizational problems and gaffes, and many say that they organized one of the worst in history. The first problems appeared on the icy track in Whistler Sliding Centre, where he died Georgian Nodar Kumaritašvili, followed by troubles at the opening ceremony, and soon after the accident occurred Petra Majdic, which is partly also a result of negligence by the organizer.
 Weather in turn created major problems alpine skiers, and has proven to be wrong and the choice of Cypress Mountain, which was hosted by freestyle and snowboard competitions. The whole time games just Cpyress was the scene of the most time of adversity - rain, snow and fog, which is why most of the experiments supporters, nor the audience through the television screen, simply could not see. The central event Hokejski the tournament as usual, was the most expected event of games, especially because the main host for the team. In the early stage of a tournament the Canadians defeated the U.S., but in the finals are not allowed by surprise and hit the Sidney Crosby celebrated in overtime. Canada is in the regular 2:0 meetings led to the merits of Jonathan Toews and Coreyja Perry, but the young U.S. team returned to winning the game Ryan Kesler, and finally equalized 24 seconds before the end. The rest you already know ...
 STATEMENTS Statement of GAMES games came from the workshop of the Norwegian Ski Runners Odd-Bjoern Hjelmeset later won &quot;only&quot; silver in the Olympic štafetnoj race. &quot;My name is Odd-Bjoern Hjelmeset. Skied the second amendment and &#39;fucked&#39;. I think I&#39;m in the last 14 days have seen too much porn. I have a room to Petter Northug and from there every day I hear the sounds. I think that&#39;s why I fucked. By the way, Tiger Woods is really good man. &quot; American pilot Steve Holcomb: &quot;A good bob accounts for 90 percent of the work, two percent of the beans and maybe eight percent of leisure. In any case, a lot of work.&quot; Apolo Anton Ohno comments on Canadian slogan &quot;has floor,&quot; which they would like to motivate your athletes to win at home the most medals. In the end the Americans won a landslide podium. &quot;Canadians can own the podium. We just want to borrow it. The month of February, then we will get it back,&quot; Ted Ligety comment on the choice of a man who will light up the opening ceremony of the Olympic flame.
 &quot;Wayne Gretzky is the best choice for palitelja Olympic torch at the opening of ... Hey, is not whether Canada&#39;s Pamela Anderson?&quot; Figure skater Johnny Weir joked at the expense of his appearance saying, &quot;Welcome to my very special press conference. Little did I let the beard that still sees that I am a man.&quot;
 