Clashes began on Monday in Ardoyneu, a stronghold of the Irish Republican Army (IRA), where about a hundred protesters tried to stop a Protestant parade: masked men from the neighboring streets The police were pelted with stones, bricks, bottles Josko Celan wrote more than eighty police officers and an unknown number of civilians - the balance is two days of clashes between police and the Northern Irish Catholic protesters, which occurred in the capital of the troubled British province on the occasion of 12th July On that day, namely, 320 years before the Protestant King William of Orange at the Battle of Boynea defeated his Catholic rival, James II., Which collapsed this from the throne and thus strengthened the predominance of Protestant settlers in relation to the Irish Catholic population. Northern Ireland&#39;s Protestants, therefore, this day is called &quot;glorious twelfth&quot; and that day every year, their Orange Order parades organized by the Catholic majority villages, as a proof of power of their community.
 At the same time still be shootings and broken head: this was one policeman was wounded in the arm, and one officer hit in the head with a brick. Beginning of the conflict The conflict began on Monday in Ardoyneu, a stronghold of the Irish Republican Army (IRA), where about a hundred protesters tried to stop a Protestant parade: masked men from the neighboring streets The police were pelted with stones, bricks, bottles, and Molotov cocktails, and there is a hand grenade was homemade. Officers responded - as stated - seventy of rubber bullets. In Northern Ireland&#39;s second largest city, Londonderry, one masked protester shot at police who tried to extinguish the fire on a police vehicle, but there were no casualties. In the southwestern part of Belfast, Lurgan, there is also a failed arson attempt at a passenger train. The result was the cessation of rail traffic on the Dublin-Belfast.
 Hostages minority Northern Ireland politicians have condemned the &quot;Irish nationalist thugs&quot; because of these conflicts, and Brian Rea, president of the joint Catholic-Protestant administration that oversees police, said that the intention of the protesters was a &quot;cause as much damage and are subjected to more violence as police and members of wider community. &quot; Irish nationalist parliamentarian Conal McDevitt said that a youth who &quot;has no clear political beliefs, but her goal is confrontation with the police.&quot; He asked Catholics to identify troublemakers, because &quot;no one community can not be held hostage to an insignificant minority, which is returning to the past. Some of the latest clashes blamed IRA dissidents ways, but - as it may - it is necessary, leading police officials say, permanently solve the problem Oranskog march order. The British government, namely, 1998. appointed the Commission for the parades, which narrowed the number of places for Protestant events, they play and the tattooed group of musicians called &quot;Beat the pope,&quot; but rather they are evocative processions Catholic neighborhoods.
 While you do not find a lasting compromise, &quot;glorious twelfth&quot; will end - miserably.
 