Miep Gies was probably the last living the good fairy of the Jewish Frank family during World War II. She was in her house in Amsterdam offered refuge then 13-year Anne and her family fleeing the persecution of Nazi forces. In his diary of Anne Frank Miep Gies wrote the following words: &quot;Teglila a burden like an ass. Almost every day by some miracle managed to get vegetables in large bags on the bike transported him home.&quot; Miep Gies is &quot;teglila&quot; only food at Amsterdam - she is &quot;... every Saturday and brought home five books from the library. The desire to wait for Saturday to come, and to reach a new book ... just like little kids waiting at present, &quot;wrote Anne Frank. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Anne Frank died 1945th The diary has been preserved after the Gestapo arrested Frank Family (August 1944)., Miep Gies has kept a small diary Anne after the war and handed it to her father, Otto.
 He was the only surviving member of the family of Frank. Anne died of typhus result in March 1945. in the concentration camp Bergen-Belsen in Celle - just two weeks before the release of prisoners. Bildunterschrift: Dutch Gies was &quot;wrong&quot; for the creation of the famous diary. It was she who supplied the Anne of paper on which she wrote perhaps the most famous diary in the history of mankind. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The house in Amsterdam where Anne Frank family hid from the 1942nd-1944th &quot;We all know that she writes daily,&quot; she said later, Miep Gies, in an interview about his proteges. On one occasion even &quot;caught&quot; in a secret place that Anne is working on his text - which it did not really like it! Crown witness late 80-ies of the last century, Gies was featured as a crown witness in a trial before a court in Hamburg. It was a process in which a neo-Nazi Diary of Anne Frank called it a &quot;forgery&quot;.
 Miep Gies was born in Vienna as Hermine Santrouschitz. Later, she changed her name and took Dutch citizenship. I became the recipient of numerous awards - in the Netherlands, but also in Germany. The last days of her life was withdrawn at his home in the Dutch province. Author: C. Fähndrich / sma
 