Author: Gennady Sisojev Published: 11.08.2010 The struggle with the heat of 30 degrees starting in the early morning hours, going from the flat course with a mask, is equal to going to the smokehouse MOSCOW - Among the foreigners in Moscow until recently was a popular joke: &quot;One African ambassador asked Moscow to survive the winter. He answered: - The one kind of green but not white. &quot; RELATED NEWS News This joke is no longer current, because for more than a month and a half in Moscow can hardly breathe from the heat and smog. Meteorologists were at first claimed that such heat was not 130 years, or since the meteorological monitoring is carried out. Now they say that they were not in the whole of Russian history. So, in a thousand years. Survival in such conditions begins in the early morning hours, as long or better, normal sleep - it&#39;s impossible. Air conditioners in the apartments are a rarity. Because who would have hoped this time.
 The city is choking already at 7 o&#39;clock in the morning is about 30 degrees. No clouds, but the window can barely see the adjacent buildings. Weather the same again, it is expected the tropical heat, from 37, 38 and possibly 40 degrees Celsius. No wind, no rain. Peatlands and forests around Moscow and further up, the smoke still choking the city. No respite. Because, when you get out of the apartment sauna, as if you entered the smokehouse, or like they&#39;re riveted to the stove, from which there is smoke. Harmful particles are several times higher than permitted levels. It is recommended to cover, they usually, gauze, and respiratory. Everyone knows that they do not save, but put them. Of course, if you find them in pharmacies and even at higher prices. Auto with air-conditioning is salvation. At least half an hour or an hour to breathe freely. Salvation is, of course, air-conditioned workplace. Muscovites jokingly say that they are suddenly very loving their jobs! Imaginative have thought of - can escape the family is in some air-conditioned shopping center.
 Those wealthy moving in air-conditioned hotels. The hardest part was the evening air filters, in general, have become a dream. Plain air-conditioning and incorporation of reaching a thousand euros. And with the installation of late September. Anti-monopoly commission has promised to investigate the market due to multiple price increases and by the end of August to draw conclusions. Too late to be helped to Muscovites. It seems that the most difficult night, thermometers in the city in 22 hours showing up to 38 degrees. Of red concrete and asphalt further warming the city, and the smoke from the exhaust is still harder to breathe. The city is the true image of what the filmmakers want to evoke in films about the apocalypse. Doctors recommend that a shorter stay in the open. However, street cafes are far from being empty, the parks have strollers. On the banks of rivers and lakes, covered with dense smoke, even at night, lying swimmers. Portions of smoke Muscovites are in for a weekend escape Podmoskovlje, on the river, where people of smog also can hardly breathe.
 However, there is still better than in Moscow. On the night arrives and a new struggle for survival. Flats overheated, stuffy. As a submarine in the smoke. Below are pouring plates, dampening sheets. Opening the window is almost impossible, because it was so entered the new portion of the smoke. However, there was dinner break, when a breeze thanks to the smoke subsided. In those happy moments of opening the doors and windows. However, caution was needed. If he falls asleep, the smoke appears from nowhere, followed by waking with cough and headache. Newspapers and the Internet are full of information about the death in Moscow due to the heat and pollution doubled. Morgues are urged to take the body at a time. A Moscow official, seeking to reassure citizens, said that the morgue still has vacancies. In the morning turn on the news again communicated with the fighting wildfires - the state does not change. But, that&#39;s the good news - on Wednesday, colder weather, the temperature around 30 degrees.
 Another couple of months ago it would have sounded like a joke. Just to pogase fires in Podmoskovlju. They promised to end the week. A predicted and wind should begin to deliver smog. God forbid! Only you can breathe. Damage $ 15 billion, 52 killed Russian officials said on Tuesday that the previous 24 hours across the central and western Russia extinguished 239 fires, and it was noted 247 new. The 557 fires still raging on an area of almost 200,000 hectares, a raging fire surrounding the city of Moscow. Authorities, however, after nearly two weeks fighting with the Fire, announced that note positive progress and stressed that the two nuclear centers in the country defended by fire. When extinguishing a fire in the vicinity of the main nuclear research center in Sarov two soldiers were killed after they fell in the fire affected tree. The official figure is killed because of the fire climbed up to 52nd
 Thick haze that stifles the Russian capital are somewhat split on Tuesday morning, according to media reports, but the quantity of toxic substances in the air and are still much higher than the limit. On Sunday, authorities have announced that their concentration was six times higher than allowed, and on Monday they were first recognized as the number of deaths in the capital have doubled. Morgues were flooded with corpses, and airports for passengers who are trying to leave the city. According to estimates by foreign experts Jeff Masters, even 7000 people died in Moscow only because of the heat wave that hit the earth and caused fires, and the total figure is hard, probably twice. Business daily Kommersant reported that the damage caused by fire and the heat could reach $ 15 billion, which would mean that heat wave could not swallow one percent of Russian GDP. The warmest summer in the last 130 years, as recorded temperature, costing Russia third cereal crops which is why the government until the end of the year, banned their export.
 The price increase, warns Kommersant, could lead to inflation and stifle economic growth. Fires are poorly acted and the ratings of leading politicians. Although Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has repeatedly visited the affected areas and talked with residents, his popularity is falling, polls show. The same happens with the support of President Dmitry Medvedev, who took some time to break his holiday on the Black Sea, and to return only officials addressed. (A. Handabaka) Number of recommendations: 5 Publish to Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 