NEW YORK - General panic reigned on Saturday night at the main square of the New York Times Square after it was discovered that in a parked car bomb there. Police forces responded immediately and evacuated the town square, a bomb was deactivated at the time. Mayor Michael Bloomberg and the city police chief Ray Kelly confirmed early Sunday morning that the Nissan Pathfinder SUV, parked opposite the theater on Broadway, where the audience waited in line to play &quot;The Lion King,&quot; found gas cylinders, some sort of powder, gasoline and time-detonator. They said it was a &quot;amateur, but potentially very deadly devices&quot;. The threat is first reacted gutterman shirt that he noticed that the parked Nissan Pathfinder smoke and warned the nearest policeman, who evacuated the immediate surrounding area and called the fire department and police forces. &quot;We are very happy because we are, thanks to the vigilance and professionalism of the civil police tonight to avoid something that could be lethal event,&quot; said Bloomberg.
 Police bomb in the meantime, remove all flammable materials out of the car and the situation is considered safe. &quot;This event is a reminder that New York remains the main target of terrorists,&quot; said the mayor. Načlenik NYPD&#39;s Kelly said the police bomb from the Nissan Pathfinder, parked at the intersection of 45th Street and Broadway Avenue with the engine is running and all four turn signals, remove the &quot;three propane gas bottles, two bottles with the 19 liters of gasoline, fireworks pyrotechnic devices, two hours on batteries, electric wires and other components. He added that in the vehicle and found a locked trunk for weapons. Kelly pointed out that the license plate on the vehicle are not appropriate, but to belong to a truck from Connecticata, who ended a car at the landfill. Responding to questions from reporters, Bloomberg said he did not know who was behind the attack, nor that he could be motives.
 U.S. President Barack Obama was informed about the incident and praised the prompt action of the New York police.
 