 Taking all this into account, as the words of the Holy Prophet: &quot;Whoever is not interested in the situation of Muslims that do not belong to them!&quot; - We sat a little better reflect the foregoing reasons, investigating the disease in order to find the cause then we would know which medications are to be used to have recovered, seek help from Allah, and just rely on Him! The most prominent reasons for decline and decadence of Muslims, who have brought us to this thinking, are as follows: 1 The collapse of the Islamic caliphate and Islamic rule. Since the morning light of this faith, the supreme Islamic authority - the caliphate, was established, when the caliph caliphs succeeded each other from generation to generation, from people in the nation - the enemy of Islam, he realized that Muslim Ummah will not die until they have a leader and komandujućeg main-man of the believers / Muslims (emirul-mu&#39;minin). Their spears were pointed and all of their available weapons, the conspiracy in a plot to hit the supreme Muslim institution - the institution of the caliphate, so he shot down the ground and threw! The pain would be less because they are themselves non-believers to do what they did, but, unfortunately, the pain is much higher because the institution of the caliphate was overthrown thanks to the Muslims themselves who are directly or indirectly participated in the overthrow of the Islamic caliphate, going into the hands of unbelievers! The then Europe led by Britain, the institution of an Islamic caliphate represented the world and Muslims in the worst possible light.
 Caliphate was a backward and frightening institutions, which they were compared with the old, worn and sick man, the phenomenon by obfuscation and tribal and ethnic rebellions. Europe is so convinced the Muslims that their main enemy Ottoman caliphate, or Islamic caliphate, which themselves were &quot;enslaved&quot; until the Muslims themselves, among others, are hired to overthrow him to the ground! So, dear brothers, first and foremost reason for regression and decadence of Muslims is the failure of the supreme institutions of the Muslims - the caliphate! 2nd The separation of religion from the state! The separation of Islam and religion from the state and national issues is also one of the main reasons for accidents and poor condition of which survive today, why? Because it is not human and it is not realistic and not feasible for people to deceive order among the people if they do not use rules, laws and the Shari&#39;a, which the Lord has given these people. If God&#39;s law aside from the state courts, people will try to seduce their worldviews order among the people, and everyone is aware that people of limited ability, and are not able to regulate every area of life as it truly should be, and as a result of all this and in a situation where we are.
 &#39;My pain is especially great when you encounter a large number of people that are attributed to Islam - and Islam is one of them away, how passionately committed to that faith is separate from the state which is known under the name of secularism in its true meaning. Phrase: &quot;God of God, Emperor Tsar&quot; - has no place in Islam and among true Muslims! Islamic phrase is: &quot;Everything is God!&quot; - Because Allah, the Creator of everything, so it is normal and that he, as Creator of all things and set guidelines and rules for its use! Yes, dear brothers, the plan of separating religion from state is very kvaran plan, because our enemies know well that the Quran is their main enemy, and were therefore postarali that all the forces attacking the Quran, Quran and away from Muslims and Muslims from the Quran that the Muslims would not be ruled by the Qur&#39;an - in which they clearly failed, unfortunately! And this is one of the main reasons for the stagnation and regression of Muslims, which many Muslims, Allah sent to them, yet does not notice, not uviđavajući this cruel disease and to a great evil! Muslim east and west, except those that Allah has mercy on (the) rule and governed by the laws, rules, standards and fashions to the east and west, directly or indirectly dictated by Jews, Christians and other idolaters.
 Who are deducted from Allah, and the publication of its rules and laws - Allah, will be deducted from Him! Those who (are) not in control and not governed by what is Allah, published, such people are either violent or non-believers or sinners! 3rd Sense of lower values compared to non-Muslims! This behavior is also clearly influenced by the fact that Muslims find themselves in a situation where they are today. Emir Arslan Šekib rhm., Says: &quot;One of the reasons glavnijh Muslim decadence last century is losing faith in yourself and confidence as one of the serious social disease, and one of the deteriorating mental condition. It will catch the disease for a company and it will not take the disappearance and destruction! &quot; On one occasion, it was said to Ali b. Abi Talib ra: &quot;We see that, when attacking the enemy, so loud you say this tekbir to heart freeze with fear - what&#39;s the secret? (Ali ra, is known for all of us courage and boldness) said, I also act against the enemies of Islam because I am convinced of this that I will kill him - because of the strong reliance on Allah, and feeling confident that the result is that - unlike the enemies of Islam who is completely convinced of that I will kill him, so that my enemy is fighting with me and with yourself! &quot; &#39;So, despite the fact that it was attacking Ali ra, the enemy had another enemy: himself and his soul, escaped any kind of personal self-esteem! Mental enfeeblement, iskompleksiranost and losing self-confidence is a vicious disease, and is worse than cancer.
 Muslims today suffer from this severe disease, are flabby and they lost the spirit of confidence - so that our enemy is defeated the moment when it was against us and our soul - which must never allow that! A large number of Muslims has convinced itself in that the enemy can not overcome? How to conquer America? How to win Europe? How to defeat Israel? The Islamic Ummah is still numerically strong, has great arms and important geo-strategic position and rich but economically we have become the only liberal table for hungry America and Russia, hungry for the East and West! Thus, mental enfeeblement and losing self-confidence are the main reasons for regress and decadence of Muslims, and this is razarujuća disease that Allah mentions in the Qur&#39;an: &quot;Allah has approached them from where they have not hoped in their hearts the fear put &quot; Muslims have no need for fear of the infidels and the loss of confidence, especially when we are aware of the fact that Allah helped the Muslims so that put fear into the hearts of non-Muslims, who will have it even if it were a month away and walk away from Muslims! The attacker attacks only when he feels fear in the heart of the victim - which is the first reason for the fall! 4th
 Ignorance of the Islamic / religious and worldly sciences. A large number of Muslims is exposed to ignorance and illiteracy as that of religion and that of dunjalučkoj. Illiteracy and ignorance is the main reason for all misfortunes and diseases that survive. Jahl, illiteracy and ignorance, both religious and worldly, which of us is strefilo and that strefilo Ummah, is the main reason for drinking a full glass of bitter humiliation and disaster. 5th Admiration of the West and taking the same example in life. Admiration and fascination with the West for a public showing and some of it concealed, but most people on it. The fascination with the West is so high that the man thinks big and advanced when he visited America or any European country or any country of the Far East. Why so much joy and fascination? This is just a sign of mental enfeeblement and losing self-confidence, which kills the concept. (Islam is that in which there is nothing to throw, only Islam is the one who must accept the package and complete, where Allah Almighty, ordered to fully enter into the faith, and your body and your soul and your heart, and his home and his job, etc..
 West and East, with all its achievements and accomplishments - and acceptance by as many as one in which, in accordance with Islam and the Islamic Shari&#39;a, and we will not accept them in that wherein are inconsistent with Islam and Islamic Shari&#39;a! Op.prev.) 6 The spread of disorder under the banner of &quot;establishment order&quot;! About this tells us one of the first verses of the Quran, in Surah al-Baqarah, in which Allah says: &quot;And when they are told: Do not make a mess on Earth - the answer: We only establish order? &amp; Indeed they are pests but do not feel it! &quot; Under the banner of &quot;improvement and progress,&quot; many institutions, ranging from home to those of state, they have regressed and went on up! In the name of culture and civilization, many forbidden things are allowed, and many of the principles of faith have been violated. (Today is a modern and civilized, and that is not in the mosque, but you&#39;re a regular at coffee shops, bars and discotheques. Today it is fashionable to smoke and that he does not have to clean the air.
 Today it is fashionable to ispijaš liters of alcohol a backwater, if you drink milk or juice. Today it is fashionable to izrešetaš your ears and nose, and that of their head and hair do something that even I do not know what it is called, so it is so original that really does not like what the! Today&#39;s modern and advanced to the girls in elementary and high school lost her virginity, and fashionable for them to go with the guys at corners and Budžak, but they are backward and backward to get married, and that nice man with her, in a warm and clean room , live your life! Today it is fashionable to have little kids and that they often have an abortion, because it is backward eGovernment and have children and grandchildren around him. Today it is fashionable to have a dog in the house, bathe him and banjati, and run it for a walk, as opposed to being, &quot;God forbid, your days may be in the house of the mother or child: who will walk out of them and who will swim? &quot;Access is puppy swim&quot;? Today the girls and married women, modern and civilized that the more ugolosrče and take off, and that they give everything they have to inspect the entire bazaar and waved to them as the jury gave the best assessment, and backward for them to be, &quot;not God forbid, footwear and how to cover, what will then quarters and the bazaar to think about them? Who will be looking after the bazaar, and to praise and say masalah? Op.prev.) 7
 The association of the infidels against Islam and Muslims. Allah, describing the believers, says: &quot;You&#39;d think they are together, and their hearts they confronted each other&quot; - what is the rule in their interactions, but when it comes to Muslims and the war against them, then everyone who commas Rifle and then all as one! America and Russia, as long as they are different from each other and divided when it comes to war against Muslims think alike (and the situation in Afghanistan is the best example of this, op.prev.). Believers and non-Muslims are breaking in everything except when it comes to hostility towards Islam and Muslims, there are all together. Unlike them, the Muslims are breaking in a number of issues, but most of them in one harmonious: friendship with non-Muslims - a friendship with America&#39;s friendship with Europe, friendship with Russia&#39;s friendship with Israel, etc.! Some Muslims are inclined to some, some others, some third parties, and anyone that falls na&#39;m to conform to the Muslims and to cooperate with him (just like the situation with Muslim Bosniaks in Montenegro: one part of the Muslims adhered to the ruling DPS in the second part of the Muslims adhered to the SDP, the third part of Muslims to PZP-sided, while only a small number of them are aware of themselves and of their being and their faith and their responsibilities towards other Muslims, and being invested and put at the disposal of an interest Islam and Muslims and not non-Muslims! Op.prev.) Thus, non-Muslims, quarreling with each other and opposed to partisan and political as well as skin color difference between the tribes and nations, etc.
 - All are as one when it comes to the fight against Islam and Muslims, and when we will have a wiser, so to be as one when it comes to non-Muslims! 8th Effect of orientalists and pro-Western activists. Orientalists are non-Muslims from the East or the West in matters of Islam and Muslims, and who are globally responsible for the world to place false and distorted image of it all. Pro-Western activists, people are born Muslims: Arabs, Turks, Albanians, Bosnians ... who are trained in the west, and who, upon graduation, began to spread among the Muslims for what is, in general they are not educated, and that is corruption, debauchery, fashion, etiquette, and (non) culture of behavior that is otherwise characteristic of the French , Britons, Italians and not the then Arabs or Turks or Bosniaks. Their work has also been, and still, obviously influenced by the fact that Muslims and Muslim states in the western state of stagnation and decadence! 9th
 And having no lack of practical examples and models of faith, dignity and courage, even in the majority of &quot;ulema&quot; or most &quot;leaders&quot; of Muslims. Previously, scholars and ulema and Muslim leaders (represented by the Sultan, pašama, Bey and agama), were examples of genuine faith, dignity and courage the rest of the Muslim people, but the last few centuries has remained without these true examples of honest scholars and smart and just leader. A large number of Muslim chiefs have lost the characteristics that make them a role model and good example to others. The people loved uzličiti to their leaders and the brass and the people going for them, so if they broke down and people will inevitably spoil! (If there is an imam at a mosque and community will have, if his wife is covered and the other women will begin to cover, if I have not smoked tobacco, and others will shy away from it, if I have to avoid places where alcohol is poured and the rest will begin to shy away from then, if I have to be smart and brave and against falsehood and spoke neprevde and other Muslims will gather strength and wisdom to get serious and to combat injustice and untruth stand up and spoke.
 The people and leaders are interrelated, and all need to give a maximum of yourself. Little to improve the imams and leaders, a little to improve the Jama&#39;at and the people, and find themselves somewhere in the middle of the road, and not always the leader of his people and cursed to always look at them wrong, nor that people always cursing and swearing their leaders always asking them the main culprit! Op.prev). &#39;10. Levity, cheating and fraud, which some Muslims are working against Islam and other Muslims. Large numbers of Muslims and some consciously and unconsciously, favor non-Muslims from the West and East, and work for their interests, trying to deceive Allah and His Prophet, and Allah&#39;s din. Allah, speaking of this variety of people, said: &quot;They think they deceive Allah and those who believe, but they do not cheat anyone else to themselves, but they do not feel!&quot; (Al-Baqarah) 11 Dividing by the blood of belonging! Arabs before Islam, there were many, but could never be together until they sincerely accepted Islam.
 Medina, about Muhammad peace be upon him, was divided between two tribes and Evs Hazredž who are constantly at war with each other, which, after receipt of Islam, is not repeated. Unbelievers have noticed the importance of details on it so visibly poradili widening divisions among Muslims at every seam. (First among Muslims isforsirali nationalism, rejecting the Turks from the Arabs, Kurds from the Turks, Albanians, Bosniaks, etc. from. When the Muslims were able to share the national seam, then you have begun to further divide the region, as is the case with Bosnians, which remained divided on the Bosnians, Herzegovinians, frontiersmen, Sandzak. He did not even stop to this, but went even further and to boost up some urban and tribal divisions. Classification by these sutures are clearly influenced by the fact that we find ourselves in a hall where we So our obligation is to seal all the cracks and fissures all shine and neighborhood and family relationships better people, to Bosnian-Albanian renew ties to the Turks and Arabs re-establish contacts, and to Allah sincerely afraid! Op.prev.) 12
 Fear of death and love for this world! Sevban ra, reported that the Prophet pbuh said: &quot;Ranorazni nations will gather around you as you are hungry people gather around Cookbook! Someone asked: Does the fact that we will be, O Messenger of Allah?&quot; The Prophet said: No, just opposite, you will be much, but it will be like rijčnog sludge and foam. Allah will make the hearts of your enemies to remove fear from you, and your heart will insert &quot;Vehni.&quot; Someone asked: Messenger of Allah, what is &quot;Vehni ? &quot;The Prophet said: Vehni the love of this world and fear of death!&quot; (Sahih. Sunan Abu Dawud, br.4297.) This would be one of the reasons for decadence and decline of Muslims that I could notice. I ask Allah to help us to this evil as soon kurtališemo, and to us and our children keep each Serra and Belaya. Retrieved from work: Esbabu Tehallufil-Muslimin, Dr. Nasir al-Umar Translation from Arabic: Sead ef
 Jasavić, prof.fikha Newer news items: Older news items:
 