Author: Tanja Rudež Posted: 16.06.2010 Stains has so far affected 300 kilometers of the Gulf Coast and the entire ecosystem is threatened ZAGREB - Dr. Dubravko Justic (52) is the leading Croatian experts in the field of biological oceanography, and lives and works in the U.S., where a professor at Louisiana State University in Baton Rouge, one of the largest universities in the American South. At the same time, the local director of the Institute for Global Ecology. RELATED NEWS News by Dr. Justice, we talked about the disaster caused by the explosion of oil platforms Deepwater Horizon. Oil and at great depths the situation in Louisiana now, is it still a state of emergency? - When is 2005. The Hurricane Katrina devastated Louisiana and flooded New Orleans, my colleagues and I think we have the largest ecological disasters that we experienced. We were wrong. Oil spills from the Deepwater Horizon platform, which started on 20
 April, and continues today, is one of the greatest ecological disaster, not only in the history of the United States but also in the history of mankind. For example, spilled oil has so far engulfed more than 300 km along the Northern Gulf of Mexico from Louisiana to western Florida, and occupies an area 300 times the size of 200 km, which is higher than the surface of the entire Croatian. The lower concentration of oil was present in open areas of the Gulf of Mexico between the Mississippi River delta and the western coast of Florida. At this point we can only speculate about what happens in the offshore Gulf of Mexico, but underwater clouds of oil over tens of kilometers long, were detected at various depths from surface to 1300 meters. Threatened the entire ecosystem of recent reports show that day from the wells will expire 40 000 barrels of oil. Can you stop the oil leak? - Estimates are changing daily, but scientists currently estimate that over the past eight weeks from the well could expire even 380 million gallons of oil.
 It is nine times more than the amount of oil, which expired in general average tanker Exxon Valdez in Alaska 1989th year. Experts say that oil spills can be completely stopped only by punching two new wells, which would be at a depth of 6000 m should cut the existing pipe to drain oil, after which she would be filled with cement. This procedure should be completed in August, but is associated with substantial risk and there is no guarantee that they will succeed at first attempt. What are the most endangered species? What is going on with the brown pelican? - The brown pelican is a symbol of the state of Louisiana and his character on its flag. Sixties was on the verge of extinction as a result of application of DDT-I and other pesticides in the catchment area of the Mississippi River. Declared an endangered species in 1970. year. Successful program of protection and reintroduction of birds of its population is fully recovered, so that before the accident Deepwater Horizon in Louisiana, more than 10,000 nesting pairs.
 But now this beautiful bird again threatened with extinction. Also, the western population plavorepe tuna, one of the most endangered fish species in the world, spawning in the Gulf of Mexico. Unfortunately, the peak spawning season is usually in April and May and fully coincides with the average proceedings platform. The fact is, however, that the entire ecosystem of the Gulf of Mexico, from microorganisms to whales Sperm Whale, threatened by the combined effects of pouring oil and more than 3.8 million liters of chemical dispersants Corexita which was used to facilitate the degradation of oil. Billion rescue How much will repair damage caused by disasters? - The value of resources of the northern Gulf of Mexico is impossible to assess because it is one of the most productive marine ecosystems with a range of rare and economically valuable species. Louisiana State alone accounts for 30 percent of the overall fisheries USA.
 Exxon has paid more than four billion dollars on behalf of various compensation related to the damage caused by the tanker Exxon Valdez average proceedings, so it is quite certain that the costs of damage Deepwater Horizon exceed ten billion dollars. It is likely that repairs will take at least the next ten years, and its eventual success will depend primarily on political will and destiny of British Petroleum, which will have to bear most of the cost. Satellites reveal movement Can I be in the future prevent such disasters? In the Gulf of Mexico oil platforms around 4000, so that similar failures certainly occur in the future. Failure of the Deepwater Horizon has shown that the global race to exploit oil resources and the pressure to dig deeper and faster in the background suppressed the knowledge of how to perform in a safe manner. There were calculations that the oil slick could reach Europe.
 How do you comment? - Analysis of satellite images, as well as the results of mathematical models suggest that the small amount of oil entered the Florida current. Florida Current north of the Bahama Antilskom connects with current and forms the Gulf Stream. Maximum speed of the Gulf Stream is about 160 km per day, so it is theoretically possible, if the well is not remedied in due time, traces of oil to reach the east coast of America, or even to Europe. It is likely, however, that the greatest amount of oil to remain within the waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Number of recommendations: 4 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 