By: Biserka Pavic, mr. Pharm., Medical Intertrade doo According to ancient legend, the red coral is formed when Perseus cut off Medusa&#39;s head and threw it into the sea. Seaweed, covered with blood from Medusa heads were petrified and became corals. The enigmatic myth in the 17th century, inspired by the French painter Claude Lorraine to depict Perseus and the origin of coral, now located in a private collection in England. After the appearance of plant, mineral in calcareous skeletal system, the coral is in reality the animals. But it is wrong to think that the sheer coral animals. Corals are divine beings, and their impact on the divine origin of their beauty. Their inaccessibility due to the fact that they live in the sea depths were always obavijala secrecy. Corals attributed medicinal properties and are believed to protect from evil. In ancient times are considered sacred stone of the goddess of love Aphrodite.
 The ancient Egyptians, Greeks and Romans adorned the walls of his palace and the vase, and their jewelry. They used it in a store changing coral from the Mediterranean Sea for amber from the North Sea. In India, believes in the power of precious and semiprecious stones on human health and the coral is believed to cure rheumatism, arthritis and other diseases. Corals radiate, and that radiation is associated with the planet Mars, which affects body temperature, bone marrow and central nervous system. In the Middle Ages it was customary to wear pieces of coral by himself as amulet against the evil eye. And today is a common practice in many nations to give the child coral bracelet, because corals pale when elevated body temperature and are an excellent indicator of elevated temperature in a child. Red coral (Corallium rubrum) in the Adriatic Sea has about sixty species of coral, but now it has about the most Kornati, Vis, Hvar, Lastovo and Sibenik and Zadar and the island inside a cave in the national parks and nature (Telašćica, Kornati and Mljet).
 He is best known Zlarin coral is mined in the neighboring islands. Live coral colonies earned on the stone surface, look like the sea &quot;tree&quot; crown side down. Diversified red tree corals typically grow to 30-40 cm, but on average are large colonies of about 15 cm in diameter. The biggest recorded specimen had a meter in length. Depending on the type of internal skeletal system, corals are divided into those with hard and soft ones with the skeletal system. In general, the coral skeleton is built from calcium carbonate in the form of calcite or aragonite. The largest colony is found deeper than 80 up to 600 meters deep. The most famous is the red coral of the genus Corallium rubrum, which has a hard skeletal system and is regarded as a material for making jewelry. Also called &quot;precious coral&quot; in the present time due to excessive extraction is considered an endangered species. Red coral color that gives so much value comes from the pigment karotenoidnog the axial skeleton, rather than iron as previously thought.
 Once a coral bush what can still be seen on the Adriatic some markets (one white shrub I saw recently at a flea market of Zagreb, and there are also some windows Zlatarna!), The 100-200 years to grow! In Croatia, this precious species are considered endangered and is protected by the Nature Protection Act. The Regulations on the pro-highlighting the wild species of protected and strictly protected (NN, 2006. And 2009.) Red coral is listed as protected native species. To remove red coral in the Adriatic Sea concession has only eight divers and the Ministry of Environmental Protection permits no longer issued. Therefore, the extraction of red coral without permission is punishable by law. History coral coral in Croatia dates from the 13th century. At the beginning of the coral was extracted with the help of a wooden cross so. Andrew &#39;s cross on which is fixed networks and which have descended to about 50 meters deep and the ship he was dragged along the bottom or vertically along the walls.
 The cross is breaking coral, which parts are falling into the net. This method of extraction was very inefficient because most of the coral remains broken at the bottom. Annually to the crew of one vessel collected 1-2 tons of red coral. Late 19 century coral divers were extracted with a heavy space suits, which has increased efficiency, but because of inadequate equipment rived often venture ended with the death of his father-roni. The walls of the churches are full of votive Zlarinu branch of coral, which speaks volumes about the anxiety with which the divers posao.U seeing off at the present time, from the Mediterranean Sea to pull up to 20 tons per year of red coral. Although many scientists still claim that red coral is threatened, the reality is quite different. Its high economic value was encouraged by many professionals and amateurs to literally destroy red coral in shallow areas, leaving it only at greater depths in the Mediterranean, which also no longer unavailable, because the techniques of diving daily progress.
 Today, the red coral extracted mainly from the use of equipment for scuba diving. The diver can remove the year up to 3 tons in 200 dives. Removed only larger specimens with a diameter base of more than 7 mm, because they are economically feasible. In France, an attempt is growing corals, but due to slow growth (about 6 mm per year) growing the brand profitable, although not impossible. Coral jewelry I believe that most women thought the mention of the coral jewelry coral. The beauty of the coral jewelry is eternal and not subject to fashion trends and elicits sighs. Coral jewelry is not cheap, but considering that the Corallium rubrum at some sites almost extinct, we should not be. Price determined by the thickness of coral branches, classes and colorful corals. In jewelry making is possible to use almost every piece of coral. The precious red coral is prized as jewelry since ancient times, and coral jewelry from the Adriatic to the price for centuries.
 Data on the found the oldest coral carvings and jewelry comes from the time of Babylon, a culture of reverence for the coral has been accepted by the ancient Egyptians. When the coral out of the sea, you must cleanse the outside of the soft parts. The resulting branch coral is cut down to the thickness. Thicker coral is used to create larger and more expensive jewelry, and its price is higher. The last phase of the polish that often has more than five stages, depending on the splendor of the jewelry will be available. Notwithstanding the possibility of machining, and today many unique pieces of coral jewelry made by hand, which needs a lot of time, skill and patience. We get dopnjuje with silver and gold for making necklaces, bracelets and earrings. Many families involved in processing of coral for years and generations. On Zlarinu today hand made jewelry of coral in the same way as forty years ago, and for making a necklace will be a few days.
 On the island of Korcula there are families who are engaged in processing of coral for the third generation. Coral reefs are formed by different species of coral, of which some, but not all, used for making jewelry. The most famous coral for jewelry making, and sometimes even called &quot;ox blood&quot;, is Corallium rubrum (also known as Corallium nobile). He lives in the Mediterranean, known as sites near the Gulf of Genoa and Naples (corals prefer areas of volcanic activity) and in sea caves around the tourist town Algheroa in Sardinia, a part known as &quot;coral area. The same species was found along the coast of Portugal (near Gibraltar) and the western coast of Africa (Capo Verde Islands in the Atlantic, is also an area of volcanic activity). Research Center for Marine Research in Monaco announced the results of which indicate that due to illegal harvesting due to their commercial value, which Careless divers opustošuju whose habitat is not leaving the population of the possibility to renew the pollution and diseases which are corals exposed sites where live coral communities in the Mediterranean, were decreased by 66% in the last 15 years.
 Other types of coral used for jewelry making are Corallium japonicum, Corallium secundum and Corallium elatius. Sites in the Sea of Japan (Ogasawara archipelago of islands about thirty), and along the coast of China, Taiwan, Vietnam, Philippines and isolated archipelago in the Pacific and Indian Ocean, at depths of 350-1500 m. Japan that supplies the world market, significant amounts of red coral jewelry making, limited the past few years a considerable extent these amounts. Torre del Greco, a small town near Naples in Italy, the most important place in Europe for the treatment of coral because the surrounding sea was a great site. Most raw coral, which today handles there originates from Japan. Because of cheap labor grinding shop coral will be moving to the Far East, where Hong Kong becomes the center of processing and trade corals. Very popular for jewelry making and bamboo coral are found in the South China Sea, has a characteristic fluorescence which attracts the plankton and grow faster and bigger than ordinary coral.
 Inexpensive because it is not attractive colors (yellow-gray), but in making colored jewelry is intensely red in color. Red is most wanted, so the white coral colored in red. They are better quality and more expensive and is chemically treated to turn red through the whole section, while the cheaper Bamboo coral colored surfaces only. From coral &quot;powder&quot; beads are made by the machine-processed, high-quality adhesives and prevent true estimate of the value of today&#39;s coral coral nakita.Kada be heated to high temperatures, it becomes white, but it changes shape. By this we can recognize that the real coral. In addition to red, really special among the coral can be classified even Amphihelia oculata white and pink coral Corallium secundum and those very rare, black Antipathes sp. and blue corals Heliopora coerulea. This unique characteristic species thanks to the name and permanent blue color of its skeleton, and because of its regular presence in the marine aquarium, which is almost extinct.
 The largest habitat of the blue coral is a Japanese archipelago Ishigaki. But there are encouraging news, such as the discovery in April 2009. to the south of the Straits of Messina in Italy, since the time when the terrifying creatures of the mythical Scylla and Charybdis swallowed sailors and ships, hides one of the largest forest of black coral in the world. Biologists Italian Institute for the Protection of the Marine Research found 30 000 colonies (size of two football fields) and Antipathella subpinnata Antipathes dicotoma coral at a depth of 55-100 meters. Scientists do not wish to reveal the exact location for fear of looting of sites. This is the first time that the coral species be studied in their natural environment. Coral reefs Water makes 71 percent of Earth&#39;s surface, and 98 percent of the oceans, so it is not surprising that all who have seen the Earth from space say that the &quot;blue planet&quot;. Many beauty adorn our country, but certainly one of the most beautiful ornaments of the blue planet is the Great Barrier Reef, also known as the Australian reef.
 It stretches along the edge of the continental part of northeastern Australia known as the Coral Sea, a part of the Pacific Ocean. This gem indigomodre safirnozelene colors and is the largest, most diverse and wonderful ecosystem on our planet and can be seen from space. It is composed of 2900 individual reefs and 900 islands that stretch for 150 km in length and 2000 km wide as an average of 345 000 square kilometers. Great Barrier Reef is a unique entity made up of billions of tiny organisms known as coral polyps have grown on algae. This symbiosis in which algae and corals, and various other kinds of living beings from the underwater world they live in harmony, began more than 20 000 years. Rise in sea level in this area, many continental islands were submerged. Corals were then covered the hills forming the present islands and reefs. Sea level has not changed on the ridge past 6 000 years and the age of modern reefs is between 6 000 and 8 000 years.
 Corals are very sensitive to changes in conditions in which they live, the change in salinity, acidity and temperature, and sea pollution and the harmful effects of man. In addition to illegal hunting, the number of red coral populations affected and trawling, fishing nets, anchoring, pollution, and lately the warmer-completion of training. Climate changes threaten the reef and its ecosystem, which has resulted in mass coral bleaching, or loss of color in organisms. Since 1979. observed a rapid change in color of coral reefs in Japan and the Caribbean Sea and along the coast of East Africa, Indonesia and South America. 1988. The phenomenon spread to the South Sea and Great Barrier Reef. The real reasons for this phenomenon have not yet been discovered, but is considered a major marine pollution, global warming and increased radiation. The temperature must be above 29 degrees causes the stress in corals, and increasingly making their venom causes bleaching.
 The result of bleaching and the loss of calcium carbonate, so all of the organisms that live in symbiosis are facing loss of habitat. Research shows that, although all are trying to reduce the damage caused by the nature of the carbon dioxide that makes the oceans acidic and the resulting climate change, most coral reefs it is too late. Even third of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere created by human activities, it dissolves in the oceans and seas, and the result carbonic acid increases the acidity of sea water and lowers the concentration of CO ions. Ocean acidification caused by increased release of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere which corals appear fragile and susceptible to diseases. Changing the acidity effect on other life forms in the oceans and seas, such as shellfish, which are like coral calcium minerals consist of aragonite or plankton that feed the corals. Scientists predict that as a result of global change by 2030.
 years could be destroyed more than 50 percent of coral reefs in the world. As an example he cites the coral community in Panama, which is completely extinct (97./98.) In just six years as a result of overheating. But coral reefs are just one of the threatened areas on Earth. Let us think about the Arctic and rainforest which is also threatening to destroy, and they were here before nas.Svakog days everything is obvious that the man its devastating impact on the nature of the beauty and treasures of the country condemned to extinction. Our life is only a small fraction of the time in the life of our blue planet. Everything was here before us: the sea, oceans, forests, rivers, the natural wealth of the country and we have no right to destroy everything that was here for millennia. Nature we inherited from our ancestors, we have already borrowed from their offspring! Indian proverb says. The Indians believed their mother country and so are also referred to her.
 They say that the mother&#39;s love is unconditional and unlimited, but life teaches us that everything has its limits ... &lt;Back
 