For months the Afghan officials, U.S. diplomats and NATO thought to negotiate with another man Taliban movement Mullah Akhtar Muhammad Mansour, but in the end concluded that it is an impostor, a fake Taliban who were dragging on for months and even got to the considerable amount of money. New York Times this whole situation is compared with the spy novel - a false Taliban leader NATO&#39;s special plane to transport from Pakistan to Kabul, where he was received even President Hamid Karzai. Took Money List writes that this is a bizarre farce in which U.S. and Afghan officials, who desperately taragaju to exit the nine-year war, predriblao fraudster who used their weak point, and while still took quite a sum of money. Is something wrong, when they realized even after the third round of negotiations almost not remove the dead spot. At the end of the last round of negotiations was brought to Kandahar and one man who was once seen Mullah Mansour and who confirmed that &quot;negotiators&quot; did not like the high-ranking Taliban leader.
 Scammers all this failed because neither the U.S. nor Afghanistan, nor NATO officials do not really know how to look semi-literate Taliban leaders, and are not available to them were not even methods such as fingerprints. Pakistani agent But the story did not end because they have to negotiate with him came two other Taliban and one Afghan official put forward the theory that we are actually talking about agents that are actually submitted by the Taliban. He claims that the Taliban and a lot smarter than the U.S. and Afghan intelligence agents and that are great at playing games. There is a theory that is actually a secret service agent of Pakistan&#39;s ISI of supporting Taliban behind the scene, and was officially on the side of the United States. Taliban leader Mullah Omar vows to not send anyone to negotiate with the occupier. Afghan officials are still hoping to be false Mullah Mansour appear to reveal that he is a true representative of Mule.
 Americans is probably the most unpleasant because the current administration&#39;s attitude was that the United States at any price will not negotiate with the Taliban which they consider terrorists.
 