Pope&#39;s pastoral letter in which Irish Catholics speaking out about sexual abuse of minors by some priests published on 20 March Papa was a letter signed on the feast of St. Joseph and pray that all the careful reading. Dear brothers and sisters of the Church in Ireland, with great concern I am writing to you as a shepherd of the universal Church, those words of Pope Benedict XVI begins a letter, expressing his deep distress and outrage over the abuse cases, criminal acts, as well as the often inadequate response of the Church in Ireland. Benedict XVI to the faithful a sense of shared issues and proposes a &quot;way of healing, renewal and redress.&quot; Problems, not specific, said the Pope, for Ireland or for the Church, should be boldly and decisively to confront. Let no man deceive you, he said Benedict XVI, that this painful situation is resolved in a short time. Efforts are positive steps forward, but he is much more what to do.
 What is needed is perseverance in prayer, with great confidence in the healing power of God&#39;s grace, the Holy Father encouraged. Church in Ireland must first of all before the Lord and the other recognized serious sins committed against nebranjenje youth. Pope asks all to remember the many Irishmen who were in Europe and the world spreading the gospel to the victims of their own lives to remain faithful to Christ in velikodušnome commitment to the poorest. Recalls the general context of secularization which should accommodate this phenomenon, arguing that it was the aspiration, guided by good intention, but wrong, to avoid criminal proceedings in the case of irregular canonical situation. Pope said a number of factors behind this problem: inadequate procedures for determining the eligibility of candidates for the priesthood and religious life; insufficient human, moral, intellectual and spiritual formation in seminaries and novitiate; tendency in society that privileges to the clergy and other persons in power and excessive concern for the reputation of the Church, to avoid scandal, which led to the current non-canonical penalties and protect the dignity of each person.
 Should urgently review the factors, says Pope, who caused a very tragic consequences for the lives of victims and their families and to the extent they darken the light of the gospel do not come even centuries of persecution, noted that Benedict XVI Recalling how, but in many occasions, met with victims of abuse and that he is ready to continue to do so, they again addressed an open heart. Have suffered terribly, writes the Pope, because I&#39;m very sorry. I know that nothing can erase the evil that you filed. Betrayed your trust, your dignity of the bereaved. Many of you have experienced, when you have enough courage to speak about what happened to you, you nobody listened. You who have suffered abuse in institutions, you had to experience that there was no way to avoid their suffering. It is understandable that struggled to forgive or be reconciled with the Church. Openly admitting on behalf of the Church that we all feel shame and remorse, at the same time please do not lose hope.
 In the communion of the Church meet the person of Jesus Christ, who himself was a victim of injustice and sin. Like you and he still bears the wounds of his unjust suffering. He understands the depth of your pain and duration of its impact in your lives and relationships with others, including the relationship with the Church. I know that some of you after what happened difficult to go to church. However, the same wounds Christ, transformed his redemptive suffering, are a tool that is broken the power of evil and we are born to new life and hope, said the Holy Father. I firmly believe in the healing power of his sacrificial love - in the darkest and hopeless situations - that brings deliverance and promises a new beginning. Speaking to you as a pastor, concerned for the good of all children of God, we humbly ask you to think about everything I told you. I pray that you may be able, closer to Christ and participating in church life, to rediscover the infinite love of Christ to all of you.
 I hope you&#39;ll also be able to find a reconciliation of complete healing and peace, says Pope. The pope also addressed the priests and monks who were sexually abused youth. Trespassed against you trust that they are innocent young people and their parents put in you. Therefore you must answer before almighty God, and the courts who have established for it. Lost respect for the Irish people, and embarrass you and dishonored his brothers. The priests have violated the sanctity of the sacrament of holy order, by which Christ is present among us and in our actions. Along with the huge damage done to victims, there is damage done to the Church and public understanding of the priesthood and religious life, says pope urged them to repent because the redemptive sacrifice of Christ has the power to forgive even the greatest sin, and bring good to the greatest of evils. God&#39;s justice also requires that the responsibility for his actions, not tajeći anything.
 Openly admit their guilt, says Pope, are put at the disposal of justice, but do not lose hope in the mercy of God, said Benedict XVI, addressing the parents, however, the Pope shared with them consternation &quot;in the knowledge of the terrible things that occurred in a place that is must be safe environments for all, and confirms the fact that the Church used in recent years adopted measures to protect young people in the pastoral and educational environments. You will find in the Church of Jesus Christ, &quot;said Benedict XVI, addressing the other hand, priests and monks in Ireland, many of which are disappointed, distraught and angry because of how the leaders faced with the problem, he noticed how many personally feel discouraged even abandoned, in the eyes of some to blame you because you are priests, you look like you&#39;re somehow responsible for the misdeeds of others. &quot; At this time of suffering ... I urge you to confirm our faith in Christ and love for the Church.
 That&#39;ll show everyone that the abundant grace where sin abounds, said Benedict XVI, the Holy Father in a letter also addresses the Bishops. One can not deny it, writes the Pope, that some of you and your predecessors have done a great failure, sometimes very large, the application has long adopted regulations of canon law pertaining to crimes of abuse of young people. Committed serious errors in access charges. I understand that it was difficult to understand the complexity and extent of the problem, to obtain reliable information and make a fair decision based on conflicting expert advice. However, we should admit that they commit serious mistakes in judging that it was the authorities&#39; failure. All this would seriously undermine your credibility and effectiveness. I appreciate your efforts to find a remedy for past mistakes and to guarantee that they would not be repeated. The only decisive, transparent and fair action can restore the respect and benevolence towards the Irish Church, said Pope.
 Pope asks all Catholics in Ireland to find new ways - in more sekulariziranome society - to carry the young beauty and richness of friendship with Jesus Christ in communion with his Church. The Holy Father proposes real ventures to deal with the situation: a call to all in all Fridays throughout the year make penance for the sins of abuse, to rediscover the sacrament of confession and eucharistic adoration. Announces the forthcoming apostolic visit some dioceses, seminaries and religious congregations in Ireland, and the proposed national mission for all bishops, priests and monks. All recalls the words of Curé of Ars, St. John Mary Vianney, which was dedicated to the priesthood years ago: A good shepherd, a pastor at the heart of God&#39;s most precious treasure that God is good maze to give a parish, and is one of the most precious gift of divine mercy. Pope concludes the letter with a special prayer for the Church in Ireland: I am sending you a letter, written with love, a Christian like you, terrified and wounded anything that happened in our beloved Church.
 (KTA / ika)
 