In some cases, condom use is justified, &quot;said Pope Benedict XVI in a book-talk&quot; Light of the World &quot;in which he responded to 90 questions to the German journalist Peter Seewald, from which some parts of the bulletin published by the Vatican Osservatore Romano, which will occur on Sunday on newsstands. Benedict XVI to the surprise of many the possibility of using condoms. &quot;To focus only on condom use would be banalizirati sexuality,&quot; said Pope, adding that such a dangerous banality why so many people do not see sexuality in a more &quot;expression of their love, but only some kind of drugs, which are themselves transcribed&quot; . Ratzinger believes that the &quot;fight against the banality of sexuality part of a large effort to evaluate the positive and sexuality in order to express their positive effect on the human being and his whole&quot;. At the end of the whole thinking about sexual relations, Benedict XVI
 explains that &quot;some may be justified cases, when, for example, a prostitute can use a condom, and it can be the first step toward normalization, the first act of responsibility for the development of new knowledge of the fact that not everything is allowed and how they can not do everything wants, but it is not true and appropriate way to victory over the disease of HIV. What is needed is the humanization of sexuality. &quot; Thus, Benedict XVI, who is on his way to Africa last year excluded any use of condoms, now this opens up the possibility for prevention of infection with AIDS. He warns, however, that only in such cases can use a condom, and not in normal sexual relations. UN welcomed the papal statement Catholic reformers and organizations that work to combat AIDS, welcomed the papal statement that condom use may not always wrong. Director of the UN program to combat AIDS and HIV has also welcomed the Pope&#39;s stance.
 - This is an important and positive step forward from the Vatican, said Executive Director UNAIDS Michel Sidibe. Sidibe was the Pope&#39;s statement said that as the recognition of responsible sexual behavior and condom use have an important role in preventing the spread of HIV infection and AIDS. (IC / VLM)
 