From around the world several thousand unaccompanied minor migrants coming to Europe: from Afghanistan via Morocco and the Democratic Republic of Congo to China. Average have only 15 years, and among them there are more boys than girls. They left their families and homeland, fleeing from the war or because their parents are sent to earn money. Most of them are smuggled by traffickers in Europe, where they iskorištavljaju. If they police Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: They hope to better conditions than in the country to detect the border, placing them in care centers. But after a short time, these children simply disappear. Prostitution and the criminal acts there are many reasons, says Sofia Hedj from the organization to help children Terre des Hommes, which conducted the study on the disappearance of young migrants. &quot;A child, for example, can leave the shelter if it does not match his expectations and needs.
 That in turn might be related is the fact that this child&#39;s parents are sent to earn money while sitting at home and learning, of course it does not fit. Other children arise from this because it is a country in which they are located, for them just a transit station, from which it is possible to travel further to their goal. For other children known to have literally been exposed to the right pressure to leave the shelters, &quot;says Hedj. If the juvenile migrants do not provide the right help and if they are threatened by returning to their homeland, thus increasing the likelihood that they will disappear, suggest experts from Terre des Hommes. In these circumstances, the girls at risk of prostitution, and for boys to slide into crime. Children have the right to start the research, associates Terre des Hommes determined that there are no systematic data on these cases. Therefore, the organization has collected and analyzed sparse data that do exist in France, Spain, Belgium and Switzerland on the fate of missing children.
 About this issue should not continue to talk about such an issue that is important, says Bernard Boeton, an expert on children&#39;s rights at the Terre des Hommes. Bildunterschrift: illegal entry into Europe &quot;happens to juvenile migrants leaving only two or three days after being placed in a shelter. It can not just accept! Course, everywhere there are those who voluntarily run away. But it can not be considered normal when disappears from all over Europe hundreds of youngsters and in addition, it seems that everyone is as easily gone somewhere. &quot; It is not a question of humanity, but of international law that applies to all minors. Professor and member of the UN Committee for the Protection of Children Lothar Krappmann recalls that the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, ratified by all European countries, obliges the state to special protection of child migrants. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: They know that children in Europe can not get into prison as an example
 the Philippines, &quot;Governments of countries say that these children do not belong to them and to come outside. No convention is quite clear: rights concerning each child in some countries. A European countries are committed to protecting those rights. Of course, this does not mean that they must make a decision on accepting these children into their coun, but in every decision and the state must first pay attention to the welfare of the child. &quot; They must not close our eyes to minors unaccompanied migrants who come to Europe from the first day on European soil must enjoy special attention. It is certainly legal. It has to respect their right to freedom, says Bernard Boeton: &quot;The solution is not to be shut in isolated centers. The key to the solution in the hands of social workers in centers and shelters. They are the ones who receive the children and who must listen to their concerns, desires and possibilities. &quot; If a juvenile migrants disappear despite proper care, the government can not just come to terms with it, highlights from Terre des Hommes.
 They must do everything to find these children. And this is only possible if they are available all necessary information and to the whole of Europe. For a start, but will be much, if not close our eyes to this huge problem. Author: Claudia Witte / Ljubicic M. Re. Editor: Mehmet Smajić
 