This provision was adopted with 174 votes in favor and 159 against. The Senate earlier on Friday, but voted for the controversial trade unions, a provision according to which a condition for receiving old-age pensions has shifted from 60 to 62 years. Even before the Senators end the vote, the French trade unions have carried out on the streets. And the fourth time in just twenty days. The fourth strike enjoys great public support: 66 percent of French say they are for larger protests, and 69 percent supported unions, which seems to be difficult to understand how to succeed &quot;break&quot; neslomljivoga Nicolas Sarkozy and his UNP. Protests were held on Tuesday, the biggest since reforms began in opposition, and has already been announced for Saturday, &quot;an even bigger strike.&quot; Barricades for the first time with workers protesting students who blocked the entrances to some schools in Paris, described as &quot;symbolic barricades&quot; support workers against the increasing age of retirement.
 And these &quot;symbolic barricades&quot; there - fifty. On Tuesday, the public sector joined the strike and high school students, walked out of classes at several hundred schools in the country. Students have joined the strike of employees supporting their claims, as many Western analysts recalled the mythical 1968th year since then was last seen on the streets of any &quot;ideological unity&quot; of students and workers. Only, French media reported that universities in France do not work, the organizers - the powerful union CGL - announced more than two million people on the streets of French cities, a great leader of the French Federation of Trade Unions Francois Chereque still not lost hope that together may result in withdrawal of the law of procedure, despite the fact that everything is (almost) over. Sarkozy&#39;s conservative UMP party, together with its allies a majority in both houses of parliament and, as analysts say, the adoption of legislation can prevent just a personal decision of Mr. Sarkozy, according to agency dpa.
 Fillon: No concessions to French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said quite succinctly that no new concessions. &quot;The government excludes the possibility of any changes regarding pension set of laws. Increasing the age limit for retirement in the public sector is a key element of the proposed government reforms. And no concessions,&quot; the brief said Fillon.
 