It was still early winter 2006th year when Sergey Mikhailovich Brin, one of the two founders of Google, on the journey from Silicon Valley to China decided on a day or two to stop in icy Moscow, a city where - not typical for one of the most successful American entrepreneurs of the digital era - was born and grew up in it . Cool heads, in an equally cold, but for him, and calming environment had to decide whether, when it arrives in Beijing to sign an ultimatum that will allow Google to enter the largest and potentially most promising market in the world. The communist regime to make its tool for searching the Web could offer the most populous of the world population, had no means neglectable swallow the lump that he is stuck in his throat - in agreement with the Chinese authorities was the most prominent item according to which Google agrees to censor all web content that the Communist regime deemed eligible, and so that links to such content users do not appear among the search results.
 Brinov co-founder Larry Page and Chief Operating Officer of Google, Eric E. Schmidt had a convincing argument that he was persuaded to sign the disputed documents - in the Chinese market it is important to be present at all cost, and filtering undesirable Web site is a small sacrifice compared to the enormous revenues that can be accomplished when the business context of advertising, where earnings are realized depending on the number of hits on the leased link, boil it, where one day the mouse to click more than one billion people. Americanized Russian multinationals All the world, after all, aspire to the Chinese market, the company&#39;s largest rivals like Microsoft, Yahoo and Apple have already been there for years, so Google is coming to the market before the question of necessity than choice, it is logical to connect the Americanized Russian Sergey Mikhailovich, once again admiring roofs Kitaj-gorod, the old Chinese merchant fourth placed close to the edge of Red Square, which was not found by accident.
 Market leader Baidu is a few days later a registered internet domain Google.cn, and very quickly on it and worked through the Google Internet search engine, in the Chinese language, without the possibility of displaying links to those pages that the local police declared antirežimskima Internet. The company, whose motto since the foundation was &quot;not evil&quot; (do not be evil) in order to earn agreed to the highly restrictive censorship, one of the most effective method najbezočnijih and human rights violations carried out by shamelessly Chinese totalitarian government. Things, however, Google are not less than five years of presence in the Chinese market as they are carried out in the company expected. While the number of Internet users actually grew normal pace, reaching today more than 330 million people, the proportion of those who use Google to search the internet has grown immeasurably slow.
 In all countries except for China, Google&#39;s leading search tools and it is estimated that four out of five Internet searches do this is through an Internet search engine giant. In China, Google holds only a third of the market, a market leader of a local company Baidu, also censored, but is present in the market since 2000. year. Google compared to Baidu does not offer a comparative advantage that is outside of China - just search for all Internet content - and never won a leadership position in this country. The market share of approximately 35 percent is not small, but when it comes to contextual and targeted advertising on the Internet, only the leader in position, income and sustainable development, and Google in China succeeds uprihoditi barely three hundred million dollars annually. Compared to the $ 21 billion by last year the giant has earned worldwide, imbalance is more than obvious ...
 Google&#39;s Chinese subsidiary employs about 700 employees, mostly well-paid engineers, and positive operating results, but all these are crumbs for the dimensions that are used to Sergey Brin and Larry Page. In addition, more painless and lukrativnije the Chinese market operates Microsoft, which here has a production and development departments and government institutions as clients, then Apple, which die cutter that your iPhone and iPod Touch, IBM, which manufactures the entire notebook and Lenovo sold the Chinese a number of megakorporacija remaining information that the Chinese have absolutely no problems. Google in the constellation of these names is not used to be a minor figure and do not enjoy the position that he was forced, mainly because of censorship, which is - according to the contract - mandatory to implement. While all of the remaining climates Google is a metaphor of power, unattainability and size, in China, this company is an ordinary elf.
 For someone who is considered to cover the future ruler of the world and already existing digital ruler of the Earth sphere, it is the worst possible situation. &#39;Do not do evil&#39; that things will go wrong and that his power will not be able to demonstrate because of the initial call to filter search results, it was clear for a year after the start of the Chinese Google. Internet activists already in 2007. year on their blogs started to publish a public letter key people from Google in which they are asked to &quot;not do evil&quot; podilazeći inhuman Politburo and that the company&#39;s operations back on track, and how they did it on servers outside China, the point is quickly made available until be searched at uncensored Google, or from any computer outside the digital iron curtain of this country. There are zakuhala the first open confrontation between the Chinese government and Google. Internet police are, in fact, asked the company to junk - referring primarily to blogs antirežimskih activists from their own country - and ejected from the search results on a global level, not just while guglu over the domain Google.cn, as Google clearly is definitely not fit.
 Signed ultimatum to appear in the Chinese market is one thing and can be seen as playing by the rules that dictate local laws, however, affect the way business in markets outside of China for Google is not an option. The humiliation and slap the Chinese have yet to bypass it - began arresting activists and closed, declaring them &quot;Internet dissidents&quot;, as the penal code was introduced as a new category of criminals, and to their identity, since they are performed anonymously on blogs is the pseudonym , espionage uncovered e-mails, hacker intrusions into computers and related modern intelligence methods, which involve a large number of operatives and high level of knowledge of the latest computer technology. As the Chinese antirežimski activism for obvious reasons, conducted via servers abroad, and it was mainly those owned by U.S. companies, including Google and largely due to the fact that Google services like Gmail, Gtalk, Google Earth and other offers free to everyone in the world, from Chinese espionage hacker lines focused mainly on the network in western countries, especially to the Accounts on Google&#39;s servers in the United States.
 Chinese hacker attack on Google and the hordes on the United States, no matter how much he was discreet and mostly even barren, it was a great opportunity for the rulers of the Internet to get out of the stalemate in which he found himself on the only market in which it fails to impose as a leader. Hacking and spying on users, even if they were from China, the Chinese secret service of terror breached a contract with Google&#39;s because their work was no longer undisturbed. Worry people hastily took advantage of the situation and in turn violated its contractual obligation to censor - last week for the first time residents of China may freely izguglati horrific images of mascara on Tiananmen Square, and the U.S. headquarters is to be commissioned or any other content will no longer censor. Moreover, Google has exercised national leadership and I am in conflict with the Chinese, so the Secretary of State Hillary Clinton harshly condemned the Chinese hacker attacks and called for a diplomatic explanation for the incident, all culminating in the least expected move - Google&#39;s threat to withdraw from the Chinese market.
 It was a slap in the face which is the most powerful Internet empire declared war the greatest industrial power the world, finally showing that - despite the result - not a dwarf, even when it comes to their area. On several levels, Google hereby humbled mighty Chinese regime, upriličivši show of force which will in one way or China will have to respond. The power and respect First, Google has proven to be the only company in the world is ready to give up the Chinese market. The survival of even medium-sized companies that operate only at the national level, it is difficult to imagine without being at least in some way connected with China, while all the presence of multinationals in China is clear and undeniable necessity. If Google is the only large company that is willing to give China, What&#39;s more principled reasons, then you truly enjoy the exceptional power, influence and respect. Human rights advocate, Google, and secondly, office worth three hundred million U.S. dollars in annual crop is ready in moments when the U.S. economy had just started to dig out from economic collapse.
 The truth is that this money is only a smallish fraction of Google&#39;s overall revenue, but most of its earnings the company still achieved in America, and the income from Chinese subsidiaries are the exclusive export agents, are in addition to the enormous growth potential. Abandon them, can afford only firmly established and better condition of companies such power that it is not even touched upon the crisis. Finally, Google is throwing the glove in the public face of the Chinese, already knocked out the moral winner of this conflict, the party&#39;s principles assumed profit. Dropped by a brave fighter for human rights even though they broke the contract in China for almost half a decade, in parallel in the rest of the world by building nothing less worrisome spy network of those Chinese Commissioners, based on invasion of privacy of the individual and aggressive collection of data through a whole range of their seemingly free internet service. It should be the whole story, keep in mind that Google, in fact, only the threatened withdrawal from the Chinese market - it is really done.
 The requirement to stay in China is to stop hacking accounts of all, even the Chinese people located on Google servers around the world and the suspension cenzorskog filter the search results. The ball is thus transferred to the Chinese court, and now expected their move. If you run the risk izlolaciju arrogantly waved his hand and permit Google to leave their market, de facto, will recognize all of them are accused, by accepting and acknowledging the world&#39;s leading label regime in suppressing human freedom. This would cause extreme condemnation of the civilized world and a diplomatic incident, and would risk the possible isolation in the process of technological globalization and the Internet into the world, which in turn would harm the local industrial powers. However, the ignoring of Google China to demonstrate his power, showing how technology can progress without the world&#39;s Internet leaders. If civilization progress, however, discounts, and Google promises to the requirements of business, if only in principle, but not in practice, China will gain points by showing how civilization has progressed and turned into a reasonable industrial empire with a flexible rule that is ready for any form of international cooperation.
 On the other hand, this would allow a U.S. company to be perceived as a stronger and more powerful players from all over the regime, which had to be give in under pressure. What is likely is that something will happen in between - a compromise that would allow further sophistry and fight for the throne of these two leaders of a nation, an Internet, and other industrial. Our war will be cold, with hosts who are spies armed with modern technological advances - hacker and programming skills - with the same purpose on both sides, to show up as the most powerful forces of the world. Jutarnji.hr
 