Greater Iran (ایران بزرگ perz.: Iran-e Bozorg or ایرانزمین: Iran-zamina) or the Iranian cultural continent [1] is the name for the area, dominated by Iranian culture. It covers the territory of the Iranian plateau, from the Caucasus in the west to the Indus River in present-day Pakistan to the east, constitutes a historical territory of Iran. Since it was a cultural rather than political terms, the &quot;Greater Iran&quot; means the territory historically inhabited the Iranian peoples since the Bronze Age. The name &quot;Iran&quot; is used in a geographical sense, but for millennia (see Terminology Iran and Persia), while in political terms, first used during the Sassanid Empire (3rd century). At that time Iran was a multinational state that is politically involved Asia Minor, but not from the two regions of east Iranian desert. However, the situation becomes reversed in kulutrnom sense, since that includes the Iranian people in the east. Contents [edit - edit] Definition According to Richard Nelson Frye, Greater Iran includes &quot;most of the Caucasus, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Central Asia, and the cultural influence extends to western China and India, and areas inhabited by Semitic peoples&quot;.
 Frye added: &quot;Greater Iran includes all the countries in which they speak or be spoken Iranian languages, and all areas where there were multinationals Iranian government&quot; [2]. Richard Foltz said: &quot;It often takes that all the peoples of the Great Iran - the cultural concept that extends from the Caucasus to Mesopotamia and Khorezm, Transoxiana, Bactria and PARMIS, and includes the Persians, Medes, Parthians, Sogdijance and others - were in zoroastristi preislamskom period &quot;[3]. According to the Greeks, the Great Iran extended to the Indus River [4]. Historians JP Mallory and Douglas Q. Adams said that in the western part of the Great Iran to the Achaemenid era said northwestern Iranian languages, while the eastern part of the Eastern Iranian language spoken corresponding Avesta [5]. George Lane also stated that Ilkhanidi after the collapse of the Mongol Empire, the Great became the rulers of Iran. According to Judith G. Kolbas, Uljayti ruled the area between the 1304th
 and 1317th years [6]. The main sources of such historians Khvanda Mira (who studies timuridsko period) defines &quot;Iranshahr&quot; (Greater Iran) as the area between the Euphrates and Amu-Darya [7]. Traditionally, throughout history until this day, ethnicity has never been a defining criterion for determining the boundaries of the Great Iran. Richard Nelson Frye said: &quot;Many times I have pointed out that today the peoples of Central Asia, they said, Iranian and Turkic languages, have one culture, one religion, one system of social values, and the only language that sets them apart.&quot; Only in recent times by the Western colonial intervention caused the tendency of ethnic division and ethnic boundaries in the provinces of the Great Iran. Patrick Clawson, mentioned that the phenomenon of ethnic nationalism that appeared in the 19th century [8], and that Iran has always been a big super-state in the cultural rather than political terms.
 In the work of Nuzhat al-Qolub (نزهه القلوب), the medieval geographer Hamdolah Mostowfi writes چند شهر است اندر ایران مرتفع تر از همه Some cities of Iran are better than others, بهتر و سازنده تر از خوشی آب و هوا They have a nice and pleasant weather, گنجه پر گنج در اران صفاهان در عراق Rich Ganjeh of Arran, and Isfahan equally در خراسان مرو و طوس در روم باشد اقسرا Merv and Tous in Khorasan, and Konya (Aqsara) also. The Cambridge History of Iran maintained on the geographical approach, which he describes as &quot;historical and cultural entity of the Great Iran.&quot; It covers the territory of Iran, Afghanistan and China and former Soviet Central Asia [9]. A detailed list follows this article. [Edit - edit] Background on the Great Persian Iran called Iranzamin (ایرانزمین) which means &quot;country of Iran.&quot; The term Iranzamin is cited in the mythology as opposed to the land of Turan, &quot;which is located in the upper part of Central Asia [10].
 During the pre-Islamic period, Iranian lands were ruled by divided into two parts, &quot;Iran&quot; and &quot;Aniran. Under Iran have implied all the provinces inhabited by the ancient Iranian peoples, and containing a much larger area than today. Also, the same territory (the opposite Aniranu) considered the core of the early Great Iran. Later, the border areas inhabited by Iranian nation changed, but their languages and cultures contained a predominant status in most parts of the Great Iran. For example, Persian language has been a leader in Central Asia and the Caucasus to the Russian occupation. Central Asia is culturally considered the cradle of the modern Persian language. Also, the British government, the Persian language has been used as a major in Iraqi Kurdistan until the British occupation and mandate (1918.-1932). [11]. Numerous factors have caused the loss of the Central Asian Khanate: the weakening of Persia in the 17th
 and 18 century, the expansion of the Russian and the British Empire, and Gulistanski Turkmenchay agreement under which the Russians left parts of the territory, unexpected death of Abbas Mirza (1823.), killing a large Persian vizier (Mirza AbolQasem Qa&#39;im Maqam), etc. Due to these factors, many of the Khanate North began to lose hope in the Persian help against the Russian Imperial Army [12]. Russian forces occupied the coast of the Aral Sea (1849)., Tashkent (1864.), Bukhari (1867.), Samarkand (1868). And Khiva and the Amu Darya (1873).. Quotes Patrick Clawson (Washington Institute for Near East Policy): Many Iranians believe that the natural limits of their influence crossing the borders of modern Iran. After all, Iran was once much larger. Portuguese forces occupied the port and its islands in the 16th and 17 century. In the 19th century, Imperial Russia was hijacked from teheranskih hand today Armenia, Azerbaijan, and parts of Georgia. Primary School learn about the Iranian roots not only in cities such as Baku, but also in northern towns such as Derbent in southern Russia.
 Persian chess ended with the claims of the western parts of Afghanistan after the Anglo-Iranian war (1856th-1857th). Only 1970th The UN Consulate ended the Iranian claim to Bahrain, an island in the Persian Gulf. In past centuries, Iran&#39;s sovereignty is extended over Iraq, and even farther west. When the Western world complained about Iranian interference outside its borders, the Iranian government often justifies the time to spread its influence only on the areas that it once possessed. Meanwhile, Iran&#39;s loss of territory to the benefit of foreign powers are considered to be an insult to even today. [13] Today&#39;s Iran is only the rest of what it once was. At the height of its power, the Iranian rulers controlled Iraq, Afghanistan, western Pakistan, most of Central Asia and Caucasus. Many Iranians today consider these areas part of the Iranian sphere of influence. [14] From the Achaemenid era, Iranians had to defend its geographical boundaries.
 However, large expanses of mountains and the Iranian plateau were no longer sufficient to defend against the Russian Army or the British Navy. In the early 19th century the territory of Azerbaijan, Armenia, Afghanistan and most of Georgia were Iranian, but at the end of the same century were lost as a result of European military conquest. [15] [edit - edit] Province during the Middle Ages the territory of the Great Iran consisted of two parts: the Persian Iraq ( western part) and Khorasan (eastern). The dividing line ran mostly along the cities and Gurgan Damaghan. This disambiguation was used predominantly in the age Ghaznavida, Seldžuka and Timurid, as evidenced by the work Abolfazl Beyhaqija (Tarikh Baïhaqī &quot;), Al-Ghazalija (Faza&#39;ilul al-anam min rasa&#39;ili hujjat al-Islam), etc. Province Transoxiana Horazmija and are generally included in the eastern part (Khorasan). [Edit - edit] Central Asia Map of Gerard Mercator from 1595. showing the regions of Central Asia to N.
 T. Homayoun &quot;Khorezm is one of the regions of Iran Zameen, or the ancient homeland of the Iranians (Airyanem Vaejah), the ancient book of Avesta&quot; [16]. Modern scholars believe that what the Khorezm ancient Avestan texts called Ariyaneh Waeje Iran or screw [17]. The same sources claim that Urgandj, which was the capital of ancient Khorezm, in fact, &quot;Ourva; eighth country Ahura Mazda, which is mentioned in Vendidadu [18]. Michael Witzel, a researcher at the Indo-European history, believes that Iran screw placed in today&#39;s Afghanistan [19], and in the northern areas of ancient Khorezm and the wider Khorasan. Other historians such as Elton L. Daniel from the University of Hawaii say that most territorial Khorezm corresponds to areas that were the original homeland of Avestan peoples [20], while Dehkhoda says the Khorezm &quot;cradle of Aryan tribes.&quot; Today Khorezm is divided between several states of Central Asia.
 Extending across and beyond Horazmije, Khorasan is comprised of Central Asia to the east of Semnan, across northern Afghanistan, to the foot of Pamir (ancient Mount Imeon). Modern province as Sanjana in Turkmenistan, and Razavi Khorasan, North and South Khorasan in Iran, are the remains of ancient Khorasan. Until 13 century and the devastating Mongol Empire | Mongol invasion of the province, Khorasan was considered the cultural metropolis of the Great Iran [21]. [Edit - edit] Afghanistan was part of the Great Khorasan, and once was identified with the name of &quot;Khorasan&quot; (including the areas around Merv and Neišabura), which in Persian means &quot;eastern country&quot; [22]. In Afghanistan there is Balkh, where they lived many famous Persian poets: Rumi, Rabi&#39;a Balkhi, Sanaa Ghaznawi, Jami and Khwaja Abdullah Ansari. Afghan Dari language is almost identical to the eastern dialect of Persian language.
 Today it is widespread in Afghanistan, and once was one of the official languages of the Sassanid era. Persian ruler Shah Naseredin lost control of Herat 1857th when it was occupied by the British. However, many geographic terms, and now bear Persian names: Gulistan, Šuhada, Badghis, Maymana, and Qala Naw, Murghab, Puli Khumri, Mazar-i Sharif, Band-e Amir, let-e-Koh, Faryab, Ajristan, Qara Bagh , Jowzjan, Safid, Nuristan, DIH Bala, Hisarak, Nimruz, Nurestan, Panjshir, Parvan, Samangan, Sar-e Pol, Maidan Sahr, Zabul. زابل به کابل رسید آن زمان of a frog on stigaše in Kabul, گرازان و خندان و دل شادمان proud, happy and cheerful. (Firdus - Sahni) [edit - edit] Tajikistan Tajikistan National Anthem &quot;Surudi Milli&quot; speaks of the Persian-Tajik identity, which has experienced a resurgence following the collapse of the USSR. Tajik language is almost identical to the Persian language, and most cities in Tajikistan wearing Persian names: Dushanbe, Isfara (Esfarayen), Growth, Garm, Murghab, Vahdat, Zarafšan, Shurab, Kolyab, etc. [23] [edit - edit] Modern Turkmenistan Turkmenistan (Nisa) is the homeland of the Iranian dynasty Arsakida who have created powerful Partsko or Arsakidsko Empire.
 Merv became the capital of Caliph Al-Mamun (half persian) who moved the capital area of the weaker Arab influence. Name Turkmen city Eshgh Abad pulling roots from the Persian name Ashk Abad (literally: &quot;Ashkov city,&quot; according to head of the dynasty Arsakida). Turkmenistan, along with today&#39;s Iran, Afghanistan and Uzbekistan was once part of Airyanem Vaejaha (&quot;space Aryan Nations,&quot; according to the Avesta). [Edit - edit] Uzbekistan In Uzbekistan today there are many famous cities such as Afrasiab, Bukhara, Samarkand, Šahrisabz, Andijan, Khiveh, Navā&#39;i, width, and Zarafšan Termez. Many scholars argue that the towns cradle of modern Persian language. Samanids Iranian dynasty which claimed that originated from the Sassanid Empire in Uzbekistan was the capital. ای بخارا شاد باش و دیر زی Bukhara Oh! Be joyful and long lives! شاه زی تو میهمان آید همی your king comes to you rite.
 (Rudaki) [edit - edit] Autonomous Province of Western China-Tajik Tashkurgan in the far west of China is a haven Persian minorities and their cultures [24]. Apart from these provinces, the Iranian cultural continent includes Kashgar, Yarkand, Hotan, and Turfan, which are closely associated with Iran&#39;s history [25]. [Edit - edit] Kurdistan Kurdistan is culturally and historically part of the Great Iran over 2500 years. Kurds say the northwestern Iranian language, known as the Kurdish language, and the majority population in a region that also contains Arabic, Armenian, ajsorsku, Azeri, Jewish, Ossetian, and Turkic minorities. Most people in the region are Muslim, while there is a significant number of Yazidi, jarsana, alevita, Christian, Kurdish Jews, and mandaista zoroastrista. [Edit - edit] West West Pakistan province of modern Pakistan such as North West Province and Balochistan border populated mainly Iranian peoples and Baludža Pashtuns who make up most of the local population.
 Pashtuns make up the easternmost and Baludži Iranian tribe, or territory in which they live makes the border of the Iranian plateau to the east. [Edit - edit] Caucasus North Caucasus areas such as Dagestan, Chechnya, North Ossetia, Kabardino-Balkaria, and many others were part of Iran until they are in the 18 and 19 century has not appropriated the Russian Empire. The strong influence of Persian culture can be felt even to Tatarstan in central Russia. Examples of Iranian architecture in many areas like the Caucasus Sassanid fortress in Derbent witness to the great strategic importance to the Persians, who dominated the region until the arrival of the Russians. Despite dvostoljetnoj Russian domination, in large part kept the Caucasus are numerous examples of Iranian traditions such as the celebration of Nowruz (Iranian New Year) [26]. [Edit - edit] South Caucasus Gulistanskom Under the agreement, Iran pledged to deliver all of Russian Empire region of the southern Caucasus, which includes the Khanate of Baku, Širvan, Karabakh, Ganja, Saki, Quba, and parts of Talisa.
 Derbent (Darband) was also delivered into the hands of the Russians. These Khanate are part of the modern Azerbaijan. Just 15 years later, according to the contract Turkmenchay Iran was forced to hand over those parts Nakhičevan Mughan and Erivan, which are now an integral part of Azerbaijan and Armenia. Numerous areas and resorts in the region today bear Persian names, or names drawn from the roots of Iranian languages. [Edit - edit] Armenia was a province of many Persian empires since the Achaemenid era, which has for centuries been under the direct influence of Persian culture. Historically, Iran has been inhabited by peoples who mingled with the Caucasian peoples. Because of the many political upheavals between the Persians and the Romans and the Byzantine Empire, Armenia has become a society of intertwined local cultures, Iranian social and political structures, and the Hellenistic and Christian tradition [27] [28]. Due to the strong influence of the West and Russia, Armenia, despite centuries of independence assimilated by many cultures, including European and Lebanese [29].
 Modern Iran still has a relatively large Armenian minority, which numbers 300,000 people, which has left its traces in Iranian history (eg Yeprem Khan). [Edit - edit] Nakhičevan In early antiquity Narseh of Persia the fortifications were built in the province Nakhičevan. Later, many Persian writers and intellectuals from kadžarskog period spent in this area, which is the beginning of the 19th century belonged to the Russian Empire. که تا جایگه یافتی نخچوان Nakhičevan Oh, you worship your achievements, بدین شاه شد بخت پیرت جوان With this king will remain happy. (Nizami) [edit - edit] Georgia Prince Mohammed beike of Georgia (1620)., Painted 1620th Reza Abbasi, today in Berlin Museum Für Kunst Islamische Georgia or Gorjestan &quot;was a Persian province of the Sassanid era, namely the rule Hormizda IV. Safavidskog During the period, Georgia has become a very culturally connected with Iran, the Persian language became the official language in Georgia during the reign of Shah Tahmasba and Allah Verdi Khan, who belonged to the Georgian elite in safavidskoj government, and by which it is called Monument 33 pol in Isfahan .
 Iranian Minister Amin al-Sultan was the father of Georgia [30]. Georgia was again one of the Persian provinces of the 1629th to the 1762nd when it was affiliated with the Russians. Proiranski was particularly minded southern part of Georgia, while its northern part relied on Russian assistance to the north. At the city Teflis (gruz. Tbilisi) Persians have left a strong cultural influence, and the city was once the temporary residence of the Prince heir kadžarskih Abbas Mirza. Finally, Persia could no longer compete with the Russians in Georgia, and formally renounced the Georgian territory by Gulistanskom and Turkmenchay contract. Under these agreements, Iran is in favor of Russia renounced all towns and villages in Georgia, which includes the regions along the Black Sea coast as Megrelija, Abkhazia, Imeretija, and Guria. For a detailed discussion on this topic, see: Gorjestan. [Edit - edit] Iraq, Iraq was a province of many Persian empires of Achaemenid era, which was strongly influenced by Persian culture.
 Mesopotamian city of Babylon was one of the most important cities Achaemenid Empire, while the nearby Ktezifont was one of the major cities of Sassanid Empire. Today there are many Iraqi towns and provinces that bear Persian names such as Al-Anbar and Baghdad. Other examples are Nokrad (Arabic Al-Haditha), Suristan (Kufa), Šahrban (Miqdadiya) Arvandrud (Wed Al-Arab) and Ašeb (Imadiyya) [31]. Patrick Clawson argues: &quot;The Arab nationalists are trying to extend the present into the past, but this is a distortion of reality. Iran&#39;s territory once included the territory of present-day Iraq. The first Sassanid capital was Ktezifont, 33 km southeast of Baghdad. &quot;[32] Even after the Arabization of Iraq during the Islamic conquest in the 7th century, the Persian influence persisted for centuries later. For example, the famous Persian Shiite clerics were buried in Karbala and Nadžafu. Finally, the area of Iraq in the 17th
 Century lost the Persian Safavid dynasty in favor of the Ottoman Empire. [Edit - edit] International agreements [edit - edit] Links [Edit - edit] Resources [edit - edit] References [edit - edit] External links [edit - edit] English [edit - edit] Persian language Retrieved from &quot;http : / / sh.wikipedia.org / wiki / Veliki_Iran Categories: Iraq | Iran
 