The strikes began flight controller is part last night, and today the two largest airports in Franczuskoj, Paris airports Orly and Roissy / Chales de Gaulle with 50 percent or 20 percent of flights canceled. In other cities of France, the number of canceled flights is somewhat lower, 22 percent reported Marseille, Bordeaux 20 percent, 16 percent of Nantes, Lyon and Nice 11 9 percent of canceled flights. In some cities, the airport will be closed at least until the afternoon and in the cities of Metz / Nancy, Dinard, Bergerac, Pau, Biarritz and La Rochelle. Beauvais Airport, which specializes in low-cost flight company canceled 29 percent of flights. Air France said that the long-haul flights were not affected by the strike. At the strike was called six unions. Flight control workers&#39; strike protesting restructuring plans. Among other things, there are plans to merge the French control of the flight control with five other European countries, Germany, Switzerland and the Benelux countries.
 French anti-connectivity in flight control with the Germans and Benelux Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The French do not want to share control of your flight with susjedimaEuropska European Union intends to streamline flight control and thereby achieve its efficient operation and to respond to the request of several European countries looking for connections rather than the existence of 27 independent flight control system of the Member States of the EU. In France, however, unions such requests are considered threatening the French airport authorities, which has a total of 12,000 employees of which 4000 officers control the flight. The strike - an inappropriate Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Many aircraft company Air France today did not leave the airport lukeOčekuje the reaction and the French Secretary of State for Transport, Dominique Bussereau and a strike which has already been rated &quot;inadequate&quot;. He is in his second sentence received support from French unions CDFT, who does not participate in the strike.
 The leader of this union has said that &quot;from time to time lead to a better than good negotiations go on strike. In France, during&quot; rush hour &quot;holiday, where hundreds of thousands of passengers going on holidays, and a large number of migrants goes to visit their families before especially in North African countries (Morocco, Algeria and Tunisia). The French airports &quot;stuck&quot; and the thousands of foreign tourists after a visit to France who wish to return to their homes. Critics of the strike indicates that the passengers in air traffic actually a &quot;hostage&quot; claim some Unions, which is unacceptable, say representatives of the French authorities, adding that reform and Fusion of flight control are designed to improve passenger safety in air traffic. End of the strike announced for Thursday (22.7.) during the day. Author: Alen Chemistry of Re Brussels. Office: Zeljko Telišman
 