Hrvoje IVANČIĆ two were suddenly rushed toward me with the intent to snatch me from the hand of the camera! Without stopping the thunderously repeated two words and bijesnili. A friend of Faraz, with kojm I was accompanied by talking their language and fluent pashtunskom explained to them that I am a foreigner who does not know not to photograph women. Passions have calmed down and everything quickly returned to normal. I thought then: how is it only in areas under the Taliban when they were even here, in a suburb of millions of rules so strict. Members of the Pashtun tribes originating from Afghanistan that inhabit the area Afghanistan - Pakistan border, mostly along the line of Hindukush mountains. In Pakistan, were characterized as very pious, hospitable and warlike people, which is supported by the fact that the largest number of Taliban come from Pashtun race. Is it really so or are they merely conventional prejudices grown each environment, ie: what to do with the Pashtun bombings, separatist movements and kidnappings of politicians and journalists in Pakistan? Most of the residents of Quetta are Pashtun.
 Some were born here while some of them moved from Afghanistan 80-ies of the last century, while there is a raging war with the Russians. The refugees now live in a tent settlement for its, tribal laws. Faraz Khan Yousufsai also Pashtun but was born in Quetta said: &quot;The settlers brought with them two things: AK 47, Kalashnikov and commonly known as hashish. Faraz Khan&#39;s claims because they are certainly the shortest walk and dusty Quetta proves the presence of hashish in the air, while the suburbs are very frequent shootings. &quot;If the two clans feud, two families, then the whole thing turns into a little war for one another in succession revenge,&quot; says Faraz while the cars pass by the tent suburbs. &quot;Pashtun people live by the rule that called Pashtunwali, what is the basis of everything.&quot; Pashtunwali is an unwritten rule of moral norms which include belief in God, good deeds, hospitality, and what makes conflicts arise: the unity and revenge.
 Pashtunwali proves that the Pashtun people of solid principles, but are they really the cause of the present situation in Pakistan when the country was literally about to break, and at the border, the Hindukush mountains recruited by the Taliban. Pakistan has in recent years become a true battleground, where suicide bombers are raging all major cities. Stannovnici Lahore or Islamabad often counted the dead bodies of their fellow citizens. The Taliban have said they will stop bomb attacks if they allow the government structure of the province under its own government. -Old Rashid from Islamabad in such the solution sees nothing bad &quot;Yes mene someone pita ja bi im Self gave immediately because already me quite live fearing! Every now and in the street killed innocent people, children are afraid to go to school. &quot;Rashid, a Muslim and also confident about the Pashtun suicide bombers have no high opinion about the same as the Taliban, but thinking practically:&quot; They find a lost child, rinse his brain and it nakrcaju explosives that crashes into a government building.
 A man who works these things can not be a Muslim! This is just pure evil but should be adjusted. &quot;Today, while Pakistan is an ally of America in pursuit of the same Taliban that nobody in America does not like Pakistan. &quot;They brought us only misery and death. Since the interference in our affairs, we have nothing but problems, &quot;the United States vehemently says Rashid. The fact that the bombings intensified since Americans &quot;love&quot; the Taliban in the border area of Pakistan. &quot;Bezpilotne spacecraft, which supposedly help in warfare often kill innocent civilians. Then, by pure human logic of the people creating the desire for revenge, and in this way the circle closes. Taliban guerrillas sneak into the village and recruited the fierce inhabitants of the kids who killed the family. Such is then blown into one of Pakistan&#39;s cities. &quot;Faraz Khan claims that he is proud of his own country where they certainly would not want division. Traveling north Pakistan hardly anyone would have thought that among the proud and hospitable people have pashtunskim terrorists and Taliban.
 But on the other hand, these are facts that are hard to deny. Swat Valley, an integral part of the Northern Border Province of the month of February began to apply Sheriatski law. The province only 160 kilometers from the capital city of Islamabad has become a first step towards the dismemberment of Pakistan. In the valley of the said most residents are also Pashtun. &quot;This is nothing but the Taliban government to government with a historical right,&quot; says Faraz. It is worth noting that Pakistan is a modern federation composed among others of the royal states such as the 1960-it was the province of Swat. &quot;People thought that will achieve the government to correct a historical injustice&quot; says Faraz. In this area the Taliban took root and began to exploit the desire of the people for their own government. But it was the first step. Taking advantage of social injustice caused the inhabitants of the former kingdom of Swat, the Taliban have begun to grab the land piece by piece.
 Political opponents, journalists and human rights activists have remained without a head, and there are public punishments such as flogging. Following the event, and 400,000 of one million three hundred people left the Swat Taliban, which were further strengthened resolve for the opposition. In accordance with Shariatskim law schools for girls were detained, and many turned into ashes. Girl was advised to remain at home. However, in February signed an agreement that guarantees the province of self-government under law Sheriatskim with the condition to stop all fighting in the area. &quot;After the signing of girls&#39; schools are open again, and the Taliban have lost a good part of the authorities,&quot; his vision of the problem is Faraz. Many Pakistanis felt relieved because they feel safer from bombings but is it really the end or is this just the beginning cijepkanju Pakistani nation? Although the government is watching this as a local solution to local problems dive at a moment in the history of Pakistan and go back up in 1971.
 Then in the midst of civil war, East Pakistan became Bangladesh, and as we have witnessed, never again to become Pakistan. &quot;I think this is a temporary solution as well, but it also can be the first step toward splitting the country,&quot; said Usman, a journalism student in the city of Lahore. &quot;I would like to turn Pakistan into Afghanistan, where the president is nothing more than the mayor of Kabul while the rest of the country controlled by rebels,&quot; says Usman. But it is not the only problem of the modern Swat Pakistan. Separatist movement exists in the province Baloochistan whose capital Quetta. &quot;Today, this movement is weakened, although there are still individuals who want an independent Baloochistan but I think it will happen. The biggest threat from the Taliban, &quot;says Faraz Khan was born in Quetta. Many Pashtun have gone through great desetljaća want an independent state that would include parts of Afghanistan and Pakistan, but now says Faraz this solution falls into oblivion, and only residents of the isolated tribal areas, where education is at a minimum, consider such a solution.
 The root of these ideas lies, and where else but in history. The former colonial masters, the British divided the once unified area of British India, which included Pakistan, and Afghanistan. By this act divided the country and its people which today serves as a good pretext for war. Make a small parallel here with another area that was under the British crown - Israel and Palestine - are also divided by the cessation of colonization to the present in constant conflict. It is obvious that someone has learned well the old Roman dictatorship divide et impera - divide and rule, and later mix in their internal affairs. Taliban threat here is fresh and vivid reality! The money that America is directed towards Pakistan would not end the fighting with the Taliban, turned into money for the creation of the Taliban government. The facts of the Swat Valley is that people have no money, no job or education are so important.
 Many in America see an ally, a large majority of the enemy but it is certain that both parties support the newly elected U.S. president. How many hopes are vested in him shows a small gesture of children of Northern Provinces of Pakistan. They collected their pocket money and, before the election, sent him to America &quot;for presidential candidate Barack Obama.&quot; What they asked it to is quality education, peace and the cessation bombaših attacks. Little things like a book in his hand, which always take for granted. Who am I? Even during high school and I was fascinated by the study of distant horizons and ready to be discovered and visit. Only at the close direction of History at the University of Zagreb, extending your legs and move in the WORLD, inevitably I would say. So far I have written hundreds of articles and hundreds of photographs published in various magazines and newspapers. I recorded half-hour travelogue of 6 parts &quot;Road to Kathmandu&quot; which follows the journey from the Croatian mainland to Nepal for a period of 6 months.
 Yes, I traveled alone! I recorded many video showcase published on various television stations. Also I have a friend down on a small rubber boat from Zagreb to the Black Sea. It lasted two months. Otherwise, I have traveled halfway around the world, and the other half is still waiting to discover. They are planning to travel writing for the Series prominent TV station and a book whose title you know when the time comes for it. If you&#39;re at all free to join me on one of the many lectures and video projection. Cheers and good luck. Hrvoje Ivancic
 