The Muslim forces had killed civilians in Sarajevo in order to trigger the sympathy of the international community, and the Srebrenica massacre is a myth with excessive numbers of victims, told the Hague Tribunal the former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic. The following presentation of opening statement, Karadzic said that Sarajevo was not under siege, but divided along ethnic boundaries. Bosniak forces attacked the Serbian quarter, a Serb from them only respond to legitimate military targets and protected from the massacre, said Karadzic. When we returned fire, they would view as indiscriminate shelling of the city, he said. Merciful helped Bosnians Serbs Despite what they were attacking the Bosnians, Serbs were merciful and through their neighborhoods and the airport failed to humanitarian flights and convoys to the Bosniaks. And when we had a little water, we shared with them, &quot;said Karadzic. Mass casualties in Sarajevo are the result of cunning strategies Bosniak, Karadzic said.
 Alija Izetbegovic, accused of ordering the killing of his own people. On Markale body sown, and Srebrenica is a myth of the tragic deaths of more than 40 civilians in the Sarajevo marketplace Markale, Karadzic said that there might not be any civilian casualties, but the body is sown, and the Prison Camp at Omarska and Keraterm that they were investigating centers regular authorities. Speaking about the 8000 massacre of Bosniaks in Srebrenica, Karadzic said that it is a myth, a number of victims of outrageous. They made a shrine there, it&#39;s a myth, and 8000 Muslims gathered, and they could not bury more than 2000, how many there have said Karadzic. The crime is when you kill one man, which exaggerate, said Karadzic was the judges. He claims that the Srebrenica and Zepa were strongholds of the Muslims who are terrorized by the Serbs, killing whole villages at Christmas and the glory, the army shot in the back and pokasapili helpless people without any reason.
 He says that they are forcibly resettled Bosnians and Croats from the Serbian Republic. Karadzic predicts the course of the trial when the end of the opening statement, Karadzic said that he is not afraid of trial, to be prepared with great enthusiasm, but working all day and night endanger health. Evidence was called neselektivom pile of material that the prosecution suggested as a leading Marxist idea that the quantity one days to cross the quality. Karadzic appears to be sitting in prison and received prophetic traits, and predicted the scenario that the trial unfold. He says he will be terminated when the Security Council and confirmed his alleged agreement with the U.S. mediator Richard Holbrooke. If it does not happen, the prosecution proposes to reject or significantly shorten the indictment or on the end of May from the evidence, all expel unnecessary trunje and evidence suggest that ensure a fair process and complete the trial within a year and a half days.
 Following his introductory words of the trial was again temporarily suspended until the decision of Karadzic&#39;s appeal against a previous decision by the Trial Chamber that he was denied a request for another postponement of the trial preparation for the new defense. Karadzic&#39;s legal adviser, Peter Robinson, announced that Karadzic could not refuse first cross-examination of prosecution witnesses. Former Serbian President was indicted for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity during the war in Bosnia since 1992. 1995., including the long siege of Sarajevo and the massacre of Bosniaks in Srebrenica in 1995., transmitted Hina.
 