While the French government and unions dug in their positions, the refinery strike entered its second week. The challenge of pension reform include the operators and truck. Because of the strike, France was forced to resort to oil stocks which have for 98 days. Ministry of the Interior will hold ministerial meeting of the crisis center, which will discuss the shortage of fuel in the country. Meeting of the inner cabinet on fuel supply has held the country&#39;s president Nicolas Sarkozy, who in spite of strikes and blockades do not give up his pension reform and increasing the retirement age from 60 to 62 years. But buried in their positions were and powerful French unions, which enjoy the support of the opposition leftist and announces that mobilization of workers to verify a general strike tomorrow, the same day that the Senate should vote on the new pension law. French Prime Minister Francois Fillon insisted yesterday insisted that reform will be passed, despite the social crisis.
 Left turn regrets the intransigence of government and calls for dialogue, said the Socialists. This is a decisive week, said a spokesman for Socialist Benoit Hamon and urged the French people should protest in peace and not allow themselves to be abused power. The strikes against pension reforms have expanded last week to 12 French refineries and built on a three-week strike at the largest French oil port of Fos Lavera in Marseille, where workers are on strike against working conditions and against reform. Today in the strike included a truck blocking the transport of fuel storage tanks and creating traffic chaos by driving slower. Has not yet been officially announced exactly how many petrol stations run dry out of 12 500 in France, but Exxon Mobil has announced that the situation is critical and that the drivers are hard to diesel in Paris and Nantes in the west. AFP reported that there is no fuel to 1,500 petrol stations, but the situation is extremely worrying to 3,500 stations in rural areas.
 Disturbances continued in rail traffic as well as protests in 261 secondary schools out of 4000 so that even any minor conflicts between youth and power lines.
 