Author: Martin Hrupić Published: 04.02.2010 The Pakistani government is in a very awkward position because the public could provide stronger support for the Taliban ISLAMABAD - Bombing in northwestern Pakistan on a convoy of cars at a high school for girls, which on Wednesday killed three high school, a Pakistani, and three American soldiers and wounded a hundred people, mostly students, gave a whole new dimension to American military involvement in Pakistan. RELATED NEWS News showed that Pakistani officials claim that do not allow the arrival of U.S. troops and the United States to comply with a performance for the general public and that the U.S. actually leads to a secret war in Pakistan, which, indeed, lately becoming more conventional and more visible . Death shows that U.S. troops apparently still uses the same tactics as during the Vietnam War. Then the military, secretly, of course, engaged in surrounding Asian countries, just as today, is supposed to do in Somalia and Yemen, and has shown up now in Pakistan.
 The increased number of attacks the first reports of the killed soldiers were unclear. First we talked about the murder of four journalists that the Pakistani authorities reported the death of three American citizens. Eventually it was learned that this is about soldiers from a small American contingent (about 200 members) who are in Pakistan Frontier Corps training mission, Pakistani troops involved in the fight against militants on the border with Afghanistan. The problem is that, officially, the United States, Pakistan has no troops. So far the Americans had planes flying over Pakistani territory and attacked militants unmanned aerial vehicles (this year has recorded 12 attacks, an increase compared to 2009. When they are attacked once a week). Not a word about the program at the same time, Pakistan acted American sigurnjaci in Islamabad poured a lot of money to help. If we take the latest findings, the cooperation was in fact gone much further than the official version provided.
 The program began 2008th, but was never officially released, nor to talk about it, probably for fear of retaliation by militants. Its goal was just training and apparently (although there are allegations of combat cooperation of Pakistani and U.S. troops) did not participate in operations, and the Pakistanis are opskrbljavali and radio Pancirka. Suspicious of Pakistan Special U.S. envoy to Pakistan, Richard Holbrooke, who was once the Pakistani opposition to sending troops spoke as a &quot;red line&quot; which the U.S. can not go, now says otherwise. United States, he said, he never hid training mission in Pakistan. The truth is unpleasant for the U.S. and for Pakistan. Millions of Pakistanis are suspicious of the United States. Analysts said that this discovery embarrassment, the Pakistani government and could strengthen the Taliban and their support in public. - This will convince the public that their government is lying to be a coup for morale - says Ahmed Rashid, a Pakistani analyst.
 CIA sold its services financiers CIA has allowed his operatives to sell their espionage services, and financial firms and hedge funds, to them, due to the exodus of agents who takes the last several years, prevented to leave the Agency, according to a new book that will soon be published under the name &#39;broker, dealer, attorney, Spy: The secret world of corporate espionage. &quot; Officials point out that this extra &#39;foot&#39; which the agents had resorted to negative consequences for national security and that it is the CIA allowed only if all its employees with custom details of their additional work. Also, they had to refuse permission. It is not known how long this practice is applied in the Agency, nor how many agents have the additional job of this kind. Number of recommendations: 8 Post to Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 