Israel has threatened interruption of cooperation with the UN commission investigating the attack on a humanitarian convoy to Gaza, before they even got started. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is clearly indicated that Israel will not cooperate with the commission if it is required study of Israeli soldiers. Before Israel had agreed to cooperate with the committee, we received assurances that it will be fairly, responsibly and not to harm the vital security interests of Israel, said his spokesman. These statements are contrary to a speech delivered yesterday by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who has denied the existence of an agreement under which the hearing of soldiers not involved in the investigation. Otherwise, the work should begin a four-committee of the United Nations to determine whether an Israeli attack 31st May on ships with aid to Gaza violated international law. The first person I would commission should listen to Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak.
 Turkey ignored the warnings? Israeli investigative commission has already conducted tests on the case. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that Turkey has ignored the warnings and calls to stop the humanitarian fleet on its way to Gaza. Since 14 May said his office has been in contact with people in high positions in the Turkish government. The aim was to prevent conflict with the fleet, but they continued until they reached the shores of Gaza. It was the clearest public statement yet of the Israeli prime minister on secret diplomatic actions, which nevertheless failed to prevent conflict and the Israeli army of activists. Barak: The interception of a poor Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak took over full responsibility for the interception of humanitarian fleet of Gaza. Speaking before the Israeli commission investigating the incident, Barak said: If the decision (the interception) was correct, then the commission created a problem between what we wanted and what happened.
 Decision to halt the fleet and preventing the penetration of Israel&#39;s naval blockade of Gaza was a correct and reasonable, &quot;said Barak. Barak said that the seven ministers, headed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, analyzed in detail the decision whether a fleet of six ships with humanitarian aid for Gaza stopped or not. It was not about choosing between good and evil, but between two evils. The blockade is important in both the Gaza Strip would not be turned into a storehouse of weapons for attacks on Israeli civilians, he said.
 