Genetics has proven that nations have throughout history very mixed, but still remained dominant markers. Where we were to ever meet with today&#39;s Germans are not clear, as well as why we Croats have only 10 percent prakeltskog factors, and the Germans as much as 38 percent of the Croatian dinar factors? It is interesting that neither the Serbs are not South Slavs, already belong to the Siberian group. On the other hand, the Hungarians, for whom it would never say to the culture, are genetically - Slavs. The panel Nuts Croatian Čakovec, a few years ago was a guest professor. Dr. John Biondić from Zagreb. Topic discussions was: &quot;Ethnogenesis Croats: between science and ideology.&quot; In his presentation, Dr. Biondić, based on the discovery Biogenetics rendered much that is in direct contradiction with our common knowledge about the origin of the Croats. That is why we asked him to clarify what is the most recently discovered genetic science.
 - Can you briefly summarize what to bring new insights to help Biogenetics about the origin of the Croats? - Biogenetics is indeed in the last few years revealed much that is amazing and our scientists. In short, Biogenetics, and that means strictly scientific research that can be checked, have proven that Croats are not South Slavs! This knowledge will be only for a year or two to reach the ears of all concerned. In other words, if you now a professor or a teacher or academic said that the South Slavs Croats, you can freely accuse it - racist. Try it, namely, for example, the Germans say they say - the Russians or the French say that the Swedes say, and you will see what answer you. For the same reason, can no longer claim that the South Slavs, Croats, as it says in all our history textbooks and Croatian Encyclopedia. - How does the depth of such knowledge? - These findings are based on scientific research, several groups of international geneticists who have made the so-called gene table for all the peoples of the world and the human genetic tree.
 Specifically, the basic source of knowledge about where the papers were saying Zoe H. Rosser, and as much as 87 co-authors in 2000. year, which was published in the American Journal of Human Genetics, No. 67 pages 1526-1543, as well as knowledge of a group of scientists published in the journal Science 2000th year. Then, based on papers Underhilla PA in 2001. year, as well as other authors and sources dealing with the discoveries of genetics. From Croatian by these discoveries engaged Dr. Primorac as a geneticist, as a historian Andrija-Zeljko Lovric and others. - What is genetics revealed when it comes to the Croatians? - The biochemical similarity of gene table 47 European nations what catches the eye is, that almost any group or what we call the people throughout history mixed with other groups. Here, of course not talking about culture, but of genetics, specifically the so-called &quot;markers&quot; in genetics, which identified differences between nations.
 As for the Croats, has been scientifically proven that Croats are Slavs, with 71 percent and that the so-called Slavic factors or markers of the EU-19, which is determined to have only 29 percent. - What are the end of the Croats? - According to genetic research, the Croats have even 45 percent of so-called genetic markers Eu-7, which is called Dinara, they are in fact a special group among the European nations. Then, with 10 percent prakeltske &quot;blood&quot; or markers characteristic of the Celts or Prakelte (EU-18), 2 percent of the markers HG-2, which is called Siberian factor, 2 percent of the EU-16 marker, which is called Avar factor. Croats also have 7 percent of the biochemical similarities with Hamiti (Eu factor-4), and a 5 percent factor HG-9, which marks the Semites. - Which are the nations or groups of people most similar to the Croats if they can say so? - On the genetics provides an interesting answer. As the Croats a special group or have a genetic &quot;marker&quot; Eu-7 which all people have the most, we can ask people who have the same genetic marker, and in what percentage.
 Most of kinship with the Croats, and most so-called Dinaric markers Eu-7, which is surprising for some, are Germans, 38 percent, with the proviso that at them with a 50 percent dominated prakeltski marker. According to the percentage relationship with the Croats on show: Laponci from 32 percent to 22 percent of the Dutch, Poles, with 21 percent, with 20 percent of Albanians, Macedonians, with 19 percent, France with 17 percent, with 17 percent of Ukrainians, with 16 percent English, Hungarian 11 percent, a kinship with other nations is less than 10 percent. Here of course we should not forget that 29 percent of Croats are Slavic markers, but not dominant, but 71 percent Slavic markers with the dominant Eu-7. - Croatian historiography and linguistics for years and decades to talk about similarities between Croats and Serbs, at least so we were taught in school. How are genetically related with the Serbs? According to the same research showed that the Serbs are a nation that has 84 percent and 16 percent neslavenskog Slavic factors.
 84 percent neslavenskog factors, their dominant factor HG-2 with as many as 49 percent, which is a marker for a group of Siberian peoples. This group includes people such as Serbs, Bulgarians, Georgians, Gotland and Sweden, and their kindred subgroup and American Indians, and Turks. Marked by genetic markers HG-2, EU-21 and EU-22. This means that neither the Serbs should not say that the South Slavs. - What nations belong to the original Slavs? - In Europe, the original Slavs (marker Eu-19) only Russians, Ukrainians, Poles, Czechs, but now follows a surprise, Latvians, Hungarians, and Kyrgyz. Hungarians have as many as 60 percent of the Slavic markers, which were so affected that they conducted more research to confirm the results as they were, happy to say, surprised. But always get the same result. - The genetic tree of human Y chromosome, where the historical series ranked Croatians? Science has definitely proved that people odonosno hominids, and talking about Homo sapiens, descended from Africa.
 Direct descendants of Homo sapiens on the other hand today&#39;s Bushmen and Pygmies in a straight line. For us the interesting large tree branch which is again divided into the Negroid (black Africans) and an unnamed branch. The unnamed branch of the tree and then divides into two branches, one of which is a group of Pacific, and the other has no name. This small group without a name shared by going to Euroazijce and Jafetide. Jafetidi in turn divided into Semites and Praindoeuropljane, which in turn branches and Vedoarijce dinaroid. Dinaroid as we said already, Dinaric Croats. Germans have 38 percent of Croatian markers even though they are predominantly Prakelti, but due to the high percentage can be classified into here, and Ruthenians from Galicia, and it is interesting and Tirenci from Sardinia and Corsica. Where we were to ever meet with today&#39;s Germans are not clear, as well as why we have 10 percent of Croats prakeltskog factors, and the Germans 38 percent of the Croatian dinar factors.
 In a close group of us that the name we call Vedoarijci, with whom we share a common origin praindoevropsko, are people like Gruzini the Caucasus, the nations north of Iran, Tajikistan, Baludjistana Nations and southwestern India. As a special group VedoAryans are in direct line of the Roma or Gypsies. It is interesting that the Croats in Slavonia and northern parts of the same study could be classified in the group with Prakeltima Baltoslavena who share their background, which is the common name: Europeidi. You would Croats were closely related with the Slovenes, Czechs, Ukrainians, Russians, Slavs shortly. - To back up the genetic cultural history. The so-called &quot;Iranian&quot; origin of the Croats is often neglected or spoke of him with ridicule? - Genetics has convinced us that the Dinaric Croats are predominantly Slavs but to come from Praindoeuropljana, it is therefore called the Iranian hypothesis that has so far mostly been prešućivana, had its deep foundations.
 It was recently found just genetics. This of course does not mean that Croats are most similar to today&#39;s Iranians, but there is only a so-called &quot;Iranian&quot; hypothesis in science. In Croatia, nobody believed that Iran&#39;s hypothesis. For example, when the Imperial Russian archaeologists dug Tanajske plates that originate from the second and 3 centuries of our era, which mention a Croat, to then Yugoslav Academy of Sciences and Arts in Zagreb was not interested. Book Russian archaeologists stood in the Academy, Academy today, neraspakirano (nerazrezanih pages) almost 100 years! Only a few years ago, this book is read in the Academy! But because they are open all the books that we were convinced that we are southern Slavs, and politics in the direction of error created by the Croatian-Serbian language. We even 100 years we did not have any photos Tanajskih plate. The first Croat who had touched the plate over a decade ago, which are kept in the Russian Museum, the Ambassador Hido.
 After that we made plaster casts, which long had seats in the Academy, that has only recently happened to still be placed at the entrance to CASA. The discovery Tanajskih records, establishes a new paradigm of ethnogenesis Croats against the ideological language and Slovenia, which will greatly change the picture of us. Croats are actually people who are at the root of Europe, that can be considered as one of the oldest European nation, which has about rocky evidence. Change the picture to the inside, the more we look for their roots, so once again should be interesting and kajkavski čakavski. Experts say that the most ancient preserved in some variants kajkavian language, for instance in Bednjanska kajkavian pronunciation in Croatian Zagorje. Of course, one can not demand that everyone now talking Bednjanska kajkavski or versions of Istria, which also has plenty of antiques, but it is well know for the future of the language.
 Because the language is changing and it is important in which direction to go. For years we were convinced that the Croatian and Serbian one language. Today it is obvious to everyone that these are two languages, with the Croatian stokavian standard artificial language developed over the political situation. In other words, we have forgotten their language and the question is whether we will it ever return. What we can return to the course, it is important to know that the kajkavski čakavski and more important for the Croatian standard than it previously thought, it is important to our cultural heritage and history. One of the questions on this subject that will soon follow is this: if the schools teach in English or Latin, the dead and artificially created a literary standard, why not learn their mother tongue, or kajkavski čakavski? Finally I can say that genetics may open more questions than it answers given so far, but all of it cause a revolution in the social sciences. Consider what it will all happen in the minds of just a year or two, so it will be clear the far-reaching changes.
 