24SI - Conspiracy, sabotage or something else, whatever it comes, do not use the national team. Players should finally make serious, understand that only court their natural place to demonstrate what they know. No need to seek the causes of bad atmosphere in the media, who are more than fair to the team. If you have a speck of objectivity and self-criticism, then you will reconsider and try to eliminate those anomalies which impede them to make a good result. Qualify for Euro dream is that, if the players continue to play as until now, we will never achieve. Now there is no doubt - Safet Susic will end the &quot;dump&quot;, where before it ended and Blaz Sliskovic, Fuad Muzurović, Meho Kodro, Ciro Blazevic ... Where there is room only for the selectors. Not for &quot;immaculate&quot; players. Those players who always before the selectors put a gun on a silver platter. The only question is time and the match, when will Susic (finally) realize that it is just another victim of several players gathered around the captain, who have resolved to take matters into their own hands and are the most important figures in the team.
 Conspiracy few Blaz Sliskovic first shyly, and then openly warned of &quot;conspiracy&quot; of several players who have it, so two years ago in a statement to Radio Mostar said, &quot;wanted to sell.&quot; Baka alluded to match the qualification for Euro 2008. against Hungary and Greece, when we defeated the strange combination of circumstances. The story has stopped. Grandma did not want to go into detail. Players that he suspected he did not name. Arriving Muzurović reigned quiet period. The signatories to the famous letter that never saw the light of day into silence they have not played for the national team except Misimovića and Berberović. The two had changed your mind, sparking anger at other players, notably Spahića. And this is definitely the best period in the team. The guys played with heart for the national team, Muzurović has formed a solid team, which was not the &quot;signer&quot;. Meho Kodro lasted a very short, and instead got a &quot;trainer of trainers&quot; Miroslav Ciro Blazevic.
 In the short time Ciro is captured strings. He informed the players over night, although it took time for them to remember the names. But to an experienced trainer mage did not stop them, share compliments. So Džeko become better than Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Spahic was a new Nesta, Ibričić be compared with Prosinecki ... However, Ciro is a bit cheated. Even he, the rowdy rascals, what is rarely found, not grasped the double game players who unquestioningly believed. Going with the team benches, Ciro realized the truth too late, that he and the players mounted sličuge order as soon as he went from the team. Cirino&#39;s been time, he came Safet Susic, and essentially the team has not changed anything. Section player immediately to the first selector assembly wanted to show that they will be the factor that decides and dictates the rules. We deliberately say - sections, because the clan is something else, the clan was seriously organized team, a group of people who have a common goal and who strive towards its achievement.
 What now exists in the national team is ridiculous section of players who thought that might govern and how the team will play and what kind of atmosphere to rule is that reporters will talk to the players and, ultimately, decide which game to play, and you do not. Want to manage selektorovom destiny, using his calm and fair. No guts, no glory! Unfortunately, Susic is truly a leader. He is neither a tyrant, he&#39;s with the rogues, some of which are incurable rascals and prefriganci, talking with kid gloves, the &quot;friendly level.&quot; With reporters discussed the philosophical order to circumvent specific answers. And when it fails, then violently and unnecessarily plane. As the press conference in Tirana. Unfortunately, the truly good man and probably a quality expert, still lives in France, a country where the eighties experienced international fame. He obviously does not understand that his time as our stars are vucari on the field and what he should be training, dig a deep pit.
 American athletes are often in the jargon they say: &quot;No guts, no glory!&quot; Translated literally - if you have no eggs, no glory! Pope has not even hurt, but not used. Does the qualification, but I wonder until when. Probably by March, and the match with Romania, where all will be well known. Recently, the president of Grace Olimpika Nijaz Scsport without any hesitation said, &quot;Susic has no authority. There is a big difference between him and Ciro Blazevic. No, I would like to selektorskoj position naradije saw Amar Osim. For much more, primarily due to the fact that he is the master one - we know players&#39; multiply by zero. &#39;our&#39; stars&#39; in the team will be the man to lead them to start &#39;multiply by zero. &quot;Amar knows it. He knows how to be in charge.&quot; And what was said at the end of life on the bench Ćirinog team, now re-actualized: Spahic, Jack and Sergei Barbarez Hasagić want for your coach and work on all the ways to bring it to the team bench? A story that could be heard a year ago now just gaining weight.
 When we can not find confirmation of some information, even among anonymous sources close to the players, refer to the bazaar and the &quot;Everybody here knows of any&quot; rule. So you can hear that Spahić who crashes Sušićev authority and that is with you and Jack took Hasagic, some speeches and Ibričića. The story is that he tried to win over Misimovića and Nadarevic, and that did not meet with understanding in Pjanića, Ibisevic, Salihović, Muslimovic and Rahimic. This story no one can confirm, because it is logical to keep all buttoned to the throat. Several days ago, Sergei Barbarez said, &quot;I team at the moment not interested. This is no longer what I wanted. My time will one day come. No player has no reason to me &#39;pushed&#39; to the selectors, because I am deeply aware that they I can not push me to be coach. For me it&#39;s funny. I&#39;m serious man, and do not do it any conspiracies or would in any way complicated current selector Safet Susic. &quot; Canvassing for Barbarez Emir Spahic, the alleged ringleader of this shameful episode, not advertised for a long time, but after the match with Albania, said that it &quot;may be his last match in the uniform of BiH&quot;.
 This time we put more emphasis on &quot;maybe&quot;. Just when you must, drain a few sentences, although the situation is rare. With reporters, even those in which they swore to his friends, who have practically led the team when he was sitting on a bench in Zagreb, is now almost not discussed. Perhaps he realized that his media support are no longer necessary, that in his career, scored all earned money, played for the national team. Spahić never denied that the Barbarez great friend. Gave him a clear support in the campaign for the election of a successor Ćirinog. And not only Spahić campaigned for Sergio, but Džeko, Ibričić, Hasagić and several of the current squad. If we observe things objectively, Susic not really had the support of players in the period when the elected successor Blaževićev, except when it became clear that he (Safet) become the new coach. Then as if by some commands, those same players who were praised Barbarez, the night began with a sharing of compliments at the expense of brain tumor.
 Nor Edin Dzeko did not want to talk about the &quot;boycott brain tumor.&quot; It rarely occurs on the phone, just like Hasagić. Edin the summer of nervous. Does the story of transfers or otherwise, but the 24-year-old striker is no longer the same person. I do not remember this in 11 years as a journalist to accompany the national team is one player showed so much anxiety, even arrogance, although it is on all the covers, when he tepaju, raise it in height, called him a &quot;diamond&quot; &quot;diamond&quot; &quot;King goal scorer,&quot; &quot;the best center forward in Europe&quot; ... BiH national team manager from Wolfsburg Irfan Redžepagić denies that his players part of any conspiracy against the selectors Safet Susic. He said: &quot;Edina is a serious guy, a great professional and I certainly would not go into these games if any. He appreciates brain tumor, from the very beginning selektorovog mandate, it is always pointed out that the Papetom a proper relationship. Barbarez As regards, Edin and is only two years ago had a chance to know him.
 They did not know, which is normal, because when Sergei played for the national team, Džeko was a child. I guarantee that Džeko has nothing to do with that story, about whether there really is some kind of sabotage in the team, should lead an investigation, but generally, it is difficult to learn. &quot;Coach Safet Susic no doubt that with his players in the national team has very correct attitude. It is based on mutual trust, and he claims that his players &quot;a top industry professionals and good people.&quot; Pape said: &quot;From day one when I came to have a correct attitude. We talk, we analyze everything, there is a mutual respect. I do not even want to think that the players have something against me. Finally, it would be felt in the match, but they do now every match is played correctly. And against Albania was good, I am satisfied with access, but we did not win, although the draw is not so bad. &quot;Conspiracy, sabotage or something else Sušić never wanted to comment Barbarez ambitions to download the team.
 True, he has offered to be his assistant Sergei, a former captain of the team firmly rejected. Sergei said he would never have been assistant to the team and that can only be a coach. Even as the team led by Ciro, Barbarez gave support to their former teammates. He never hid that he wants to team success, and with several players, with whom he played together, has friendly relations, notably with Spahić, Misimovic and Hasagic. Conspiracy, sabotage or something else, whatever it comes, do not use the national team. Players should finally make serious, understand that only court their natural place to demonstrate what they know. No need to seek the causes of bad atmosphere in the media, who are more than fair to the team. If you have a speck of objectivity and self-criticism, then you will reconsider and try to eliminate those anomalies which impede them to make a good result.
 Qualify for Euro dream is that, if the players continue to play as until now, we will never achieve. (Bhdani)
 