Sinise Gary Sinise to award a prize in October 2009. Washington was born in 17th 3rd 1955th Blue Island, Illinois Years of 1982 - Wife (e) Moira Harris (since 1981) Major role of Mac Taylor (CSI: NY), Lt. Dan Taylor (Forrest Gump) Forrest Gump Notable films Apollo 13 Snake Eyes Oscars nominations 1 Emmy Awards 1 (1998 ) Golden Globe Awards 1 (1995) George Alan Sinise, known under the stage name Gary Sinise (səni ː s [1]) is an American actor and film director. He has won Emmy and Golden Globe and was nominated for the Palme d&#39;Or and Oscar. 1992nd The film adaptation is directed by Steinbeckovog works Of Mice and Men, in which he played George Milton. Earned an Oscar nomination for her supporting role in the movie Forrest Gump, where he played Lt. Dana Taylor, won a Golden Globe for the role of U.S. President Truman in the eponymous mini-series. Was awarded the Emmy for the role of former Alabama Governor George C.
 Wallace Jr. in the same TV-movie. Since 2004. interprets the role of Detective Mac Taylor in the TV crime series CSI: NY. At the Republican National Convention 2008th was narrated biographies second officer Class Michael A. Monsoora, Medal of Honor winners and members of special forces, U.S. Navy (Navy SEAL, so called. &quot;seals&quot;), in support of the presidential campaign of John McCain. In December the same year he received the Presidential Citizens Medal, the second highest civilian decoration in the United States. His medal was presented by George W. Bush for his humanitarian contributions to Iraqi schoolchildren and activity in the USO (United Service Organizations - a private, nonprofit organization that provides moral and recreational services to members of U.S. military forces). Sinise is also the executive producer of the award-winning documentary, Brothers at War (Brothers in war) the U.S. military violence and war in Iraq. Contents [edit] Early years Sinise was born in Blue Island, Illinois from his mother Millie (r.
 Alsip) and father Robert [2], who was a film editor. [3] [4], is partially of Italian descent. [5] He attended high school in Highland Park and continued education at Illinois State University in Normal. 1974th year with friends Terry Kinney and Jeff Perry founded the Steppenwolf Theatre Company. [6] Through Steppenwolf have passed since the establishment of many talents and later well-known actors such as Joan Allen, Kevin Anderson, Gary Cole, Ethan Hawke, Glenne Headly, John Mahoney, John Malkovich, Laurie Metcalf, Martha Plimpton, Jim True-Frost and soon William Petersen. There is Sinise honed his acting skills and director &#39;and worked in more than 30 Steppenwolfovih production. [Edit] Career Sinise in Forrest Gump Siniseova recording career began in 1982. when he directed the play True West (he also starred in it) in Steppenwolfovoj production. 1983rd for directing won Obie and later appeared with Malkovich in the PBS production of this same performance in the framework of American Playhouse.
 1988th directed the movie Miles from Home starring Richard Gere on two brothers fighting to save the confiscation of family property due to the settlement of the mortgage. Sinise has appeared in many films, such as: Forrest Gump, Of Mice and Men, Apollo 13, Reindeer Games, Snake Eyes, Blackmail, Mission to Mars, The Stand, the intruder (Impostor) and The Green Mile. He was also the narrator of audio books Steinbeckovih Travels with Charlie and Of Mice and Men. 2004th began to play the first time on television in CSI: NY. From 2 season, was signed as a producer, a screenwriter and was one episode. Several episodes of the Siniseu allowed to show their musical knowledge, as well as episodes from the second season where Mac plays bass guitar in a jazz club with musicians Kim and Carol Williams and Danny Gottlieb, otherwise members Lt. Dan Banda, which was founded by Sinise and Kimo Williams, who was named after Siniseovom character in Forrest Gump.
 Sinise and his Lt.. Dan Band on stage in the courtyard of the Pentagon&#39;s fifth 5th 2006, as a sign of support for the program America Supports You In film and television work, Sinise and host the video for the motion simulator for astronauts in the Epcot theme park at the Walt Disney World Resort. He is also a model for watches Baume &amp; Mercier. [7] Co-founder of the charity project Operation Iraqi Children, which aims to deliver school supplies to Iraqi children. About this Sinise said: &quot;Iraq is in the news every day and most of these are bad news. But there are some positive stories. It is how our soldiers and help restore the school children is one of them.&quot; [8] Sinise is narrated in a mini series When We Left Earth in 2008. produced by the Discovery Channel. George W. Bush awarded him the Presidential Citizens Medal for work in support of U.S. military forces and humanitarian activities to help Iraqi children. [9] end of 2008.
 was the narrator in commercials for recruitment in the U.S. Army and reserve forces. Together with David scantling producer of the documentary about the war in Iraq, Brothers at War (Brothers in war). [10] It shows an American soldier&#39;s family and the experiences of three brothers: Jake, Isaac and Joseph Rademacher. [11] Since 2006. narrator is a concert for the Memorial Day (the day of remembering all the dead American soldiers) in Washington, along with Joe Mantegna. Sinise is spokesman for the foundation to build a memorial center for American military veterans-disabled and spend much time in raising awareness about the center and other organizations for military veterans. In November 2009. was the narrator in the highly rated documentary about WWII on the History Channel. He is also the narrator in a virtual &quot;tour&quot; of Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. [Edit] Personal life He is married to actress Moira Harris with whom he has three children: Sophia Ana (b.
 1988), Anthony McCann (b. 1990) and Ella Jane (b. 1992). Year 2003. Amherst College awarded him an honorary doctorate. [12] converted to Roman Catholicism, the faith of his wife. [13] devoted countless hours to the National Vietnam Veterans Art Museum, who has since dropped from the name of the word &quot;Vietnam&quot;. [Edit] Politics 17th 8th 2006th Siniseovo name appeared in an advertisement in the Los Angeles Times, which condemned Hamas and Hezbollah, and supported Israel in the Israeli-Lebanese conflict in that year. [14] Hill Harper, his colleague from the CSI: NY, or loyal supporters of Barack Obama, he noticed that Siniseovi political views are much more conservative (than Harperovih), but he said that he and Sinise good agreement on the set and they decided not to talk about politics. In June of 2008. Sinise has donated $ 2,300 to McCain&#39;s presidential campaign. [15] Nicole Wallace, a former adviser George W.
 Bush and McCainovoj campaign, said in May 2009. it is believed that Sinise can help to reach a revival of the Republican Party. She said: &quot;The natural force which the actor makes good politics would come to anyone who would have ran against Obama 2012.. We will need an effective communicator that can be worn side by side with Obama&#39;s eloquence.&quot; Sinisea addition, as a possible &quot;rescue&quot; the Republicans are mentioned, and General David Petraeus and Ray Odierno. [16] Sinise later said he has no intention to enter politics. [Edit] Filmography Year Film Role Notes 1984th Family Secrets motorcyclist (TV) True West Austin (TV-transmission performance) 1989th The Final Days Richard Ben-Veniste (TV) My Name is Bill W. Ebby, Bill&#39;s best friend (TV) 1991. The Grapes of Wrath Tom Joad (TV) 1992. Of Mice and Men George Milton also directed. A Midnight Clear Vance &quot;Mother&quot; Wilkins witness a young soldier (TV) 1993.
 Jack the Bear Norman Strick 1994th Forrest Gump Lt. Dan Taylor Chlotrudis Award for Best Supporting Actor Award National Board of Review Best Supporting Actor Nominated - Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor Nominated - Golden Globe Award for best supporting actor in a movie Nominated - Screen Actors Guild Award for outstanding performance Actor in a Supporting Role The Stand Stu Redman (mini-series) Nominated - Screen Actors Guild Award for outstanding performance of the actor in miniseries or TV movie 1995th Truman, Harry S. Truman (TV) CableACE Award for best actor in a movie or mini-series Golden Globe for Best Actor in a Miniseries or TV Movie Screen Actors Guild Award for outstanding performance of the actor miniseries or TV movie Nominated - Primetime Emmy for outstanding actor in a Miniseries or Movie Ken Mattingly Apollo 13 Screen Actors Guild Award for outstanding performance of the cast in the movie Fast and the dead marshal 1996th
 Blackmail det. Jimmy Shaker Albino Alligator Milo 1997th George C. Wallace George Wallace (TV) CableACE Award for best actor in a movie or miniseries Primetime Emmy for outstanding actor in a Miniseries or Movie Satellite Award for Best Actor in a Miniseries or TV Movie Screen Actors Guild Award for outstanding performance of the actor miniseries or TV movie Nominated - Golden Globe for best actor in a miniseries or TV movie 1998th Snake Eyes Commander Kevin Dunne 1999th Green Mile Burt Hammersmith It&#39;s the Rage Morgan That Championship Season Tom Daley (TV) 2000. Bruno Dino Battaglia Mission to Mars Jim McConnell Reindeer Games Gabriel Mercer 2002nd A Gentleman&#39;s Game Foster Pearse Path to War George Wallace Made-Up Duncan Tivey intruder Spencer Olham 2003rd Fallen Angel Terry (TV) Traces of the soul, Nathan Zuckerman Mission: SPACE (Disney Ride) Capcom 2004th The Forgotten Dr. Jack Munci CSI: NY Mac Taylor (TV series, 2004-present) The Big Bounce Ray Ritchie 2006th
 Hunting season Shaw (voice) 2008. When We Left Earth narrator (TV) 2009. On the Road in Iraq With Our Troops and Gary Sinise [17] 2009th WWII in HD narrator (TV) 2010. One Last Wish Devon Johnson [edit] Sources [edit] External links p • r • in the TV series CSI: Miami • CSI: Las Vegas · CSI: Miami CSI Crossover • The Trilogy Characters Mac Taylor Stella Bonasera • • • Danny Messer Lindsay Monroe • Sid • Sheldon Hawkes Adam Ross Hammerback • • • Don Flack Jessica Jo Danville • Angell • Aiden Burn Actors Gary Sinise Melina Kanakaredes • • • Carmine Giovinazzo Anna Belknap Hill Harper • • • Robert Joy AJ Buckley • Eddie Cahill • Sela Ward • Emmanuelle Vaugier • Vanessa Ferlito Retrieved from &quot;http://bs.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gary_Sinise&quot; Category: American actors
 