We met long ago, only that you have not noticed. I sold the book in Vienna and even your chichi &#39;Ear, a knife, &quot;and already then I wondered what kind of literature you are writing and what and who the author was so pretentious that dissects the Croatian society. It did not take long to call this literature &quot;psovaèkom literature&quot; and that as such I accept, as a bookseller, with caution. Readers who have expressly asked for &quot;ear, throat, knife&quot; was a book to get, but nobody I preporuèivao. Where this kind of literature leads, I was persuaded many years later when he saw you in the new TV magazine show, how, manikirajuæi nails, during the military intervention of the Israeli army in Gaza, say the now already anthology sentences related to Anne Frank and her Diary. Then you said, and later wrote &quot;that the smoke of Auschwitz last forever, and the smoke over Gaza - pièkin smoke.&quot; And now, almost a year and several months of the shameful events, that cost you the job, you not only save the sentence in an interview banjaluèkom portal Press - online (l6.5.20l0.) Oznaèili &quot;best sentences I have to life wrote &quot;but you have to, in the manner of expressing ardent antisemitkinje primitivism and prejudices, your effort to develop anti-Semitic attitudes in tanèine.
 The strange interview can be seen on your official Facebook page, where you use it to promote your latest book. Otherwise, the first thing that comes to mind after reading a interview, not a real commercial for you if you personally or for your book? We do not give you a greater meaning than what is required, many tell me - Ignore ... Well, some of it can not be myself. In your case, I for one &quot;eye for eye, tooth for a tooth ..&quot;, can not you after you&#39;ve gained a stone, to return any bread, I can provide you with the other cheek, because this is about - the dignity, identity, and Jewish Nations. I would not be particularly vraæao on your statement (I wrote about it once in the Slobodna Dalmacija), which is still proud, but, nevertheless: &quot;We have the largest catastrophe holocaust against the Palestinians. Slaughter Jews do the same to what Hitler did. Anne Frank was written long ago: &quot;When we we stop being Jews and become men&quot;? I just them - the Jews, I wonder when they will stop being Jews and become people? &quot;(my emphasis Lj.RW) Analysis of Anne Frank&#39;s diary has been shown to have lied or grossly manipulated Rudan, ma&#39;am, you take one sentence of Anne Frank in her diary, written in a quite different context and inverted its meaning.
 Have already warned me then, connoisseurs of literature and your people, to argue with you lost time because like most of an anti-Semite, you are you will not understand my argument or you will change the attitudes that were clearly anti-Semitic even before this performance on TV Nova. Èitajuæi now almost one bravurozan essay by the philosopher Predrag Finci, who gladly advise, about anti-Semitism and the Arts (available at www.elmundosefarad.wikidot.com) definitely shvaæan that when you work on a fixed mind-set, and that ye do štetoèinstvu own people ie Croats and Croatia. You probably are not aware of that because that tells me one of your esteemed colleagues, Croatian writer, you did not even matter what you lupetate, it is essential that you are behind you pig, stirred the dust of your sales Excellent book. No, no Dust proof just behind a good horse, especially in your case: behind you and will stink that spread the poison to poison the youth and poluinformirane people, the majority, as we are today.
 Because you are a typical example of when antiizraelizmom expresses anti-Semitism. You, who mentioned in an exclusive interview with current and argues that it is not worth to be a fighter for human rights, saying that &quot;Jews think they can be burnt alibi for all crimes committed by the Palestinians at the moment. I do not think there Veena victim with a big &quot;Z&quot;, as there is no Veen criminals with a big &quot;Z&quot;. I should, as a kind of Croat, be forever Ustasha see that as soon as the Jews in 100 kilometers to pay homage and say &quot;sorry&quot;. I do not even cross my mind, because I think the so-called adoration farce. What you have to worship him that those who were killed 60 years ago and there is little joint. Rather, they behave like Hitler, as an enemy of his father&#39;s and grandmother, &quot;I now what to do with these sentences, which at first sounds convincing? To ask for which it is Willy Brandt fell to his knees in December l970.
 the monument to the Warsaw ghetto, why German politicians and others, including Croatian, and even Pope Benedict XVI went to Yad Vashem, the Israeli Kneset and uttered words of reconciliation and apology? Due to which the International Holocaust Day, which is why memories of each January and crematoria at Auschwitz, from which danonoæno sukljao smoke that smoke is unusual because, udišuæi it, feel worse - human bodies ... because of which it keeps seven tons of human hair at Auschwitz , loads of glasses, dentures, from which they extracted gold teeth, soap made from human ...? None of you as Croatians does not require homage to the Jews, mine disappeared in the smoke of Auschwitz, and my countrymen, you shall not bow down to you, because it hold farce. Not required of you to distinguish the terror of Hitler and the behavior of Israel toward the Palestinians in Israel, because it is a bit more complicated lessons of history and international relations.
 Expected to be only a minimum of respect. Continue in an interview: &quot;I mind the Jewish hypersensitivity because they definitely think they are ibermenši, superhuman. So, okay, do you think about yourself that you are great, but I think you&#39;re as big as I am great, but how small I am small. The fact that terrifies me on the street can tell you freely that the Swiss shit and everyone would say to me that I hoyden, but if you say &quot;Jews are the shit&quot; everyone will say to me that I did a crime, because they permanently defined as the Holocaust and the saints sacrifice. &quot;If you believes Jewish hypersensitivity, my mind Your bešæutnost, misunderstanding of history and historical events. You&#39;re not big, you are with these statements, you will not become a great Croatian writer, but rather only those that defy writers supposing Croatian, Croatian publishing, media, other Croatian institutions - even more fodder here and there present stereotypes of Croats as Ustasha or ustašoidnom people.
 You&#39;ll remain great because you have been hiding the spiritual plain, the person who thinks he can insult not only Jews, but also Swiss and all the people who you think. And with this forward in the relationship - we lost a lot, taken us a lot - of life and material values, but to me, because of you we will not give up their hypersensitivity, as part of our piety, respect for the victims, and what you do not have it the Croatian and other victims is you, not the problem of the Jews. Further, you stated: &quot;But what about the Gypsies who were in those same camps turned into smoke, ashes, soap, or part of someone else &#39;lamps in the room? Where are the films about the Gypsies? Where are the romantic movies of the Gypsy camp? How is it that we do not know any name that gypsy is killed in the camp? It bothers me. Jews were perpetual victim because they have money to pay for that status. &quot;This is perhaps the pinnacle of your phantasmagoria, paying it to the Jews the status of victims&#39; money, because you have.&quot; First, each more serious historian knows of genocide against the Roma (Gypsies do not but Roma, ma&#39;am Rudan), knows what it looks like a list of victims of Jasenovac and how many pages occupied by Roma Jovanovic in the list of victims of Jasenovac.
 Well, when you are so interested in stories and films about the Roma during the IIWW why do not you write a novel about a Roma, a love story ... but you write your psovaèku literature by respecting natural and cultural values of civilization? And no one is Steven Spielberg, the world-famous director, gave money to save Largest video documentation of Holocaust victims - has singled out their own money for that purpose and created the &quot;Encyclopedia of the Dead,&quot; which is reserved just like the oldest books and scriptures in the museum book in Jerusalem. You are the evil in the Middle East, as a typical anti-Semite, blaming the Jews, brkajuæi Jews and Israelis, you are raving about an Obama tightening purse, that Jews are now the President of the USA Obama declared anti-Semite. You say, in the now already anthological interview with anti-Semitism, &quot;if he (Obama remark Lj.RW) stegao purse Jews, that means that America has made a few Jews control America, and because some poruèio&quot; enough &quot;.
 America is in great frci and sold to the Chinese, Arabs, and ask God to whom one of these owners of America said, &quot;Give a little and calm down the Jews.&quot; &quot;Oh, that you are an expert in international relations, you, as the title of your interview sablažnjujuæeg read-Soros MAJOR TERRORISTS, NOT Bin Laden) are really excellent and analitièaraka struènjakinja for terrorism. You should send in the Croatian diplomacy, not only would you know which country in the world received as a Croatian Ambassador? And finally, you did not get fired &quot;because you are Palestinian children pobijenoj named.&quot; You say: &quot;And I can not forgive and I&#39;m proud of it. Imagine, the State Department as a problem in a report on human rights in Croatia sees no problem in me, which I&#39;m usually a Croatian hack that has no power. I am proud of that episode of my absolute, and anthology that&#39;s sentences. &quot;I did not do that to comment on who is George Soros, as this wacky economist, investor and philanthropist and world renowned judged the terrorist Bin Laden, your answers regarding the Vatican and the Roman Catholic church , your vision of Dr.
 Josipoviæa and Tadic and Croatian and Serbian people, your eccentric statements are part of your image that, thanks to the media uncritically even banjaluèkom Press portal and certain Branko Rosiæu, who says in the introduction that you have your &quot;loyal fans&quot;, and &quot;evil enemies&quot; all of this hodgepodge, which says more about you than the issues that touched upon their pernicious jezièinom. Specifically, attitudes in an interview, and other public appearances Testifies insensitivity to others. This is, unfortunately, often the appearance, as I wrote one of my virtual friend, in the Croatian society, in which there is not much compassion for the suffering of others, nor for their sense of - and there is no understanding of the plurality of experiences - personal, group, historical and contemporary. You, in fact, a circus saltomortales ye do - what spoèitavate stereotypical Jew ye do alone - money set top criterion for dominance and self-promotion that you were the victim of Tudjman and the victim of a cancellation with TV Nova, playing the unscrupulous - the victim card ...
 You, still proud of PIZDIN DIM, teach young people proper behavior in his own way, still smoke about lupetajte of Auschwitz, proglašujte samohvalisavo what your anthology sentences, but you will remain in the Croatian media and cultural space of what you say is true only in his interview - you&#39;re &quot;one usually Croatian blotter Add one sentence that reflects your worldview, and that the shame and najgramziviji Jew from Nazi propaganda:&quot; I believe only in money. Everything else is pizdarije. &quot; I can only guess at what would your response naiæi &quot;inspired&quot; interview in Israel, with which Croatia wants good diplomatic relations. Many publishing houses owned by Jews after this interview, hurry will print your book, translated into foreign languages, hm, hm? I hope you&#39;re lonely jahaèica horses in the Croatian media and cultural space, a horse called &quot;Anti-Semitism.&quot; Riding the horse, ma&#39;am Rudan, who stays behind and smell - nausea-equal to that which occurs when inhaling the smoke of Auschwitz during the Holocaust.
 PS: Quite a personal note to end this open letter: I write this while waving two flame candles, Shabbat is supposed to rest. But I wrote you this letter because of my late father, Mark Weiss, logoraški number l2l 729, Auschwitz-Birkenau, which is inhaled smoke of Auschwitz and was choking him. It was the smoke which went missing his mother Katherine, brother Ljubomir-Ruben and his aunt Lotte. His father and my grandfather Adolf, froze to death in Buchenwald concentration camp near the beginning of l945. year, and Mark Weiss returned to Croatia in August l945. without any of their immediate families of Article.
 