Content My mother, because I learned what I know. I hope I meet her expectations. And for Angeles. NEW FOREWORD Following the terrorist attacks from September 2001. Since 1989. The United States and other Western countries ignored the relentless civil war in Afghanistan. On 11 September 2001. Afghanistan is the world presented in a cruel and tragic way the world is changed forever that day. Nineteen suicide pilots, as the four hijacked aircraft is three of them destroyed two skyscrapers of the World Trade Center in New York and the Pentagon building in Washington, were members of the organization Al-Qaeda, whose leader Osama bin Laden, and its headquarters is in Afghanistan, state under the rule of talibs-on. The aim of their attacks was the heart of the post Cold War world, the nerve center of the globalization and the proposed efforts of the international community to the world safer and better.
 Just hours after those attacks U.S. President George W. Bush said that America is at war with international terrorists. &quot;Those who attack the United States themselves decide about their own destruction,&quot; said 15th September, after he announced a state of emergency throughout the country. He warned that the U.S. reaction will be a &quot;war without front lines and without lines of defense&quot; and that &quot;this war will last for a short.&quot; Solemnly pledged that will establish an international alliance through NATO and other allied countries, in order to punish the organization Al-Qaida and the Taliban. Suicide pilots, trained in the U.S. and Germany, belong to a new generation of militant Islamic groups. They are educated young men from middle class, had good jobs, families, girls. No matter how irreconcilable were full of resentment that are cherished for years and became able to easily kill seven thousand people, from Ahmed Termination: The Taliban whom were normal, devout Muslim Americans.
 This book in part to contribute to understanding the bitterness and the organization that were trained and inspired. But Al-Qaeda could not for so many years to plan or organize attacks that had safe haven in which it was all available - training, funding, communication and inspiration. The fact that the Taliban, many years of neglect due to the U.S. and other Western countries, managed to turn Afghanistan into a haven right extremist groups and to expand its global network to thirty-four countries, only the tip of an enormous iceberg. Taliban hosts and Islamic extremist groups in Russia, Pakistan, China, Burma, Iran, the countries of Central Asia and several countries in the Far East, and all are fighting for the Taliban, and while trying in their own countries to implement their own political goals. Afghanistan became the center of world terror network, which does not bear the guilt of the Afghan people miserable depressed by drought, famine, civil war and massive poverty as a consequence of the war between the Taliban and forces antitalibanskih United Front (UF).
 11 attacks September was proclaimed just two days before that when he was killed the leader of UF&#39;s Ahmad Shah Masud, the most credible opponent of the Taliban. Two young Moroccans with Belgian passports, posing as journalists on their way from Brussels via London and Islamabad to Kabu-la, were carrying a bomb hidden in a video camera. In the far north
 