President Barack Obama knew about the alleged spy ring before it was hosted by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev last week, however, the U.S. president was not moved by the issue during talks with Russia&#39;s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said it is not expected to arrest 11 people in an alleged Russian spy network to have a negative impact of improved Russian-American relations. Ministry spokesman said Moscow was registered yesterday&#39;s statement by White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said that was also mentioned that the arrest will not affect &quot;the new beginning&quot; in relations between the two countries. Gibbs said yesterday that President Barack Obama knew about the alleged spy ring before it was hosted by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev last week. However, he added that the American president is not moved by this question during the interview. The alleged agents were charged with collecting information for the Russian intelligence service of the U.S. nuclear weapons, foreign policy, and political events in the country, while few, and still lived and worked in the United States.
 The U.S. Department of Justice and the FBI - who for years has followed the Russian spies - claim that they worked for Russian intelligence service SVR. It is about people who were given the task to completely &#39;amerikaniziraju&#39; and develop links with &quot;political circles in the United States&#39;. Marshall Goldman, an expert on Russia who teaches at Harvard University, explains what that means exactly. Marshall Goldman: It means that they were truly integrated into our society, they lived like other ordinary citizens - had a job, went to college, and they were not anything too different from their neighbors. The aim of this group was to establish links with people who work in American politics, and then send intelligence reports to Moscow. I was interested in them information about the military, U.S. foreign policy and the issues that concerned the United States Congress. Many American analysts, however, suspect that this group has been successful.
 One of them is Charles Pinck, who works for a private company Georgetown Group, which deals with security issues. Charles Pinck: The Russians have obviously spent a lot of time and money you can train these people, send them here and they helped in many ways ... On the other hand, the investigation shows that these people did not really achieve very much. The indictment by - finally - do not even accused of spying. They are charged to the American authorities have not signed up as &#39;representatives of the governments&#39; and for money laundering. Thus, arrested or have not been able to do the job for which they were sent to America, or the FBI was not able to catch them in the specific acts of spying - which is usually not easy. Steven Pifer from the Brookings Institution in Washington also thought that this group was not particularly effective. Steven Pifer: None of the arrests failed to get a job in a federal institution. There is no evidence that any of them was in contact with confidential information.
 As it appears, because it is the Ministry of Justice and accused of less serious crime of espionage. Several Russian state officials pointed to &quot;timing&quot; of these arrests - just a week after President Obama and Medvedev in Washington welcomed the very improvement in relations between the two countries. Steven Pifer believes that this incident would not spoil relations. Steven Pifer Steven Pifer: I think it would be relatively unimportant episodes. Russian diplomacy has expressed dissatisfaction because the arrests made at this very moment. However, when it comes to this kind of activity is not one moment is not the best. It seems to me that the US-Russian relations in the past year and a half and a lot of progress because the incident would not be a big threat to relations between the two countries. Some recalled the incident of the Cold War, but Charles Pinck out of Georgetown Group disagrees.
 Charles Pinck: According to the media, espionage began with the cold war is the end of its expected end. However, it is not the case - espionage activity was much older than the Cold War still existed. It is also called &#39;age, other professions in the world&#39;. Therefore, if the other espionage profession, then the capture of spies - the third. Espionage is always there. So will it be in the future, says the American analyst. &#39;We must continue to seize the Russian spies, and hope that they will not catch our&#39; - says Charles Pinck.
 