International World Water Day is celebrated each year 22nd March, in order to draw attention to the importance of freshwater to support the management of freshwater resources. From the total amount of water on planet Earth, 97.5% is salt water. Fresh water is only 2.5%, where the underground water are 30.8%, lakes and rivers, 0.3%, while most of the fresh water &quot;trapped&quot; in the permafrost (68.9%) estimated that only 1 % of fresh water or 0.007% of the total amount of water on planet Earth can be used for human needs. This year, the motto of World Water Day is &quot;Clean water for a healthy world, with special emphasis on safety of water. In the world due to unsafe drinking water per year die on average 15 million people. An estimated 2.5 billion people lack the basic conditions for the hygienic needs. The worst situation is in the underdeveloped countries in Africa and Asia, but the situation is not satisfactory even in the European region, since over 100 million Europeans have access to healthy drinking water.
 Spread of diseases transmitted by water, especially present in Eastern Europe, where 16% of the population has no drinking water in your home. This condition is most frequent in rural areas, where half the population have no health safe water and sanitary facilities. In the European region each day 37 children die of diarrhea caused by the use of unsafe drinking water. Today the world consumes about half the available fresh water supplies, and because of the expected population growth is predicted to be in a few decades ago to spend about 80% of all stocks of drinking water. Number of people on Earth in the last fifty years has tripled, while the quantity of drinking water remained limited. Increased water consumption has increased the amount of waste water, which discharges into rivers and lakes leads to intense pollution. Due to the continued pollution of surface waters in the future are expected to reduce the amount of hygienic underground water, which is commonly used for drinking.
 Bosnia and Herzegovina is one of the few countries in Europe and the world, which has significant reserves of pure drinking water. In the FBiH 73.2% of the population is connected to a central water supply system, which is under constant surveillance and monitoring of public health services and sanitary inspections. Control the safety of drinking water shall be under the Ordinance on the safety of drinking water in authorized laboratories. The highest number of contaminated samples of drinking water comes from local water supply and individual water supply facilities (wells, cisterns, wells, springs nekaptirani), in which water is irregular or no control. The individual water supply facilities are often not carried out any hlorinacija water. The most common causes of chemical contamination are elevated concentrations of heavy metals, ammonia and nitrate, a high number of total microbial bakterija.Otpadne water pose a threat to our water resources.
 Control of water quality of rivers and lakes has not been paid enough attention, which is a significant epidemiological risk, especially in the summer months. Biological-Chemical treatment of liquid waste discharged into water bodies in the Federation is not performed, while a mechanical wastewater treatment facilities in several cities (Gradačac Srebrenik, Neum). Protocol on Water and Health is an international legal instrument for preventing, controlling and reducing diseases transmitted by water. This binding intergovernmental agreement of the European region, stemmed from the need to enhance access intersektoralnog reducing pollution, maintaining and restoring water resources, contributing to the protection of human health. Protocol was passed and adopted 1999th at the Third Ministerial Conference on Environment and Health in London. The United Nations, with headquarters in Geneva, was founded and in particular independent body - the Committee for Compliance with Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) and sponsored by the Office for Europe of the World Health Organization.
 This committee was established to monitor and ensure compliance with the monitoring of the implementation of the Protocol on Water and Health. This will ensure access to health drinking water as a fundamental human right in the European region, covering 54 countries. Although the implementation of the Protocol on Water and Health in our country is still expected, most of its provisions and goals for the steady long-term practice. In preserving the quantity and quality of our waters every individual can participate. It is not enough to reduce water consumption, but it is important to preserve the quality. If you respect the simple instructions, we will preserve our clean water (eg, use of biodegradable detergents and phosphate-free detergents, do not pour cooking grease and oil in the sink or toilet, they give off color remains in the sewers, do not use wc as a garbage can to minimize the use pesticides and fertilizers, and replace them with compost soil, etc.).
 