Washington 31st August, officially ending combat missions in Iraq, seven and a half years after the invasion that overthrew Saddam Hussein, but also took the lives of 4417 American soldiers, no new ground earthquake wave of violence as a result of division of Iraqi politicians, experts hold, the prnijela Hina. U.S. President Barack Obama, who on Tuesday will be a speech about Iraq that it will transmit television, in his weekly radio address on Saturday announced the end of combat missions. The army withdrew 2011th &quot;As a candidate for president, I promised to finish this war. As the President and to do,&quot; he said, adding, &quot;We returned home more than 90,000 soldiers since I took office.&quot; The remaining 49 700 American soldiers in charge of counseling and assistance to the Iraqi military, they should leave the country by the end of 2011. The White House last month stressed that the Iraqis were able to take care of the security of their country, but that they will continue to assist the United States.
 Washington will, even after complete withdrawal from Iraq will remain deployed in Iraq long term, said Vice President Joe Biden. &quot;War is not over&quot;, dangers still exist &quot;until the last soldier does not get out of here, our commitment does not stop,&quot; said U.S. military commander in Iraq, General Raymond Odierno. If necessary the U.S. will return to combat operations, he said. The memory of the worst moments But Iraq in recent weeks exhibited a series of attacks that killed dozens of people. Only in the past week more than 60 people were killed, mostly policemen, and more than 300 wounded in a series of attacks. These attacks recalls the worst moments in 2006. and 2007., when the insurgency was at its peak and every month, he died 2,000 people in sectarian violence between Sunnis and Shiites, or the insurgent attacks. Since the beginning of 2010., 300 Iraqis dying every month, a violent death. White House spokesman Bill Burton commented on it saying that &quot;unfortunately, there are those who wish that the efforts in Iraq fail, and the violence will probably continue,&quot; but said that &quot;in general, violence is declining.&quot;
 Personal ambitions of politicians, Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki accused Al Qaeda and the former Ba&#39;ath party members that want to undermine the confidence of the people in the readiness of Iraqi security forces. Analysts, however, warn that the political crisis sparked political parties unable to form the government six months since the election. Neither Prime Minister Al-Maliki, whose term has expired, or the former head of government Iyad Alavi failed to form a majority coalition in parliament. And while Al-Maliki said that the attacks last twitches in agony insurgents, many Iraqis say that the inability of government formation result of personal ambitions of political leaders. Michael O&#39;Hanlon, an expert on Iraq at the Brooking Institution in Washington was convinced that the country&#39;s future does not depend on soldiers in the field but on the political will. &quot;Do not be quickly created a coalition government, many wounds associated with sectarian conflicts (between Sunnis and Shiites) could open up again,&quot; he said.
 Domino Effect In response to the question whether the American intervention in Iraq has helped the democratic process comes to life in the region, experts are divided. Painful way of forming the Iraqi government will have to lead to improvements &quot;and it&#39;s a big stage in a distinguished way, not only for Iraq but for the region,&quot; holds Marina Ottaway from the Carnegie Endowmnet for International Peace. Stephen Biddle, an expert from the Council on Foreign Relations, says it is too early to assess whether democracy caught root in Iraq, but warns of a negative domino effect in the region. &quot;Many of those who aspired to democracy in the region, will look at Iraq and say &#39;if it was the result of democracy, no, thanks&#39;.&quot; bitno.ba
 