Many in the West does not condemn the provocation because it considered the testimony of freedom intention of burning the Quran in Gainesville, Florida 11th September is not just &quot;idiotic and dangerous&quot;, to be accurately expressed the U.S. Supreme Prosecutor (and thus the Minister of Justice), Eric C. Holder, but kulturicidna liberticidna and deep, and any burning of any book in history, or any destruction of the monuments of human creativity (including Savonarola&#39;s bonfires, &quot;Vanities&quot; in which they burned and Boticellijeve image, or Taliban bombing of the Buddha statues in the living rock afganskoj). RELATED NEWS News That probably do not need to explain later Bradbury Fahrenheit 451st The first character of the initiative liberticidni self-proclaimed pastor Terry Jones publicly warned Jewish organizations in America (not in Israel), stressing how much it resembles a pyre of books in Nazi Germany thirties of last century, which was one of the introduction to the Holocaust.
 He noticed this and Sarah Palin, candidate for Vice-President of the United States of America, defeated the last elections, is known for its conservative views, but consistent enough to declare: &quot;Burning a book is at odds with American ideals.&quot; Convictions have arrived from all sides. They still differ substantially: the motive for which condemn the intention. Some are appalled because of someone&#39;s profanation of the sacred, the other for use violent methods, such as burning, the third of provocation that could cause (and is already causing) a violent reaction from the other side. Only rarely condemn himself kulturicid. Provocation condemning U.S. President Barack Obama, who warned that Jones&#39; initiative threatens the life of American soldiers in Afghanistan. In the West, though many do not condemn the provocation by itself, because it considered the testimony of freedom, not just accepting, but the rejection of foreign ideas. Therefore, it could happen that 100 journalists his prize &quot;M 100&quot; for freedom of expression this year give Kurt Westergaard, the Danish cartoonist whose caricature of Muhammad with a bomb in place Ahmadiyya, published in 2005 along with 11 nearly equally toxic at once profašističkome Jyllands-Posten, sparked protests from at least one hundred dead in the Muslim world.
 Westergaard was explaining that he did not want to ridicule Islam, but terrorists who misuse Islam - which is probably true, but damn aphorism, caricature or satire, which will be subsequently explained, or at least specify. Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, came to the award and said: &quot;We Germans We should never forget what means the value of freedom. A free press is an essential element of any free democracy. &quot;The question is always whether principles are valid even if the world were killed, or the principles for the world to people. Transposed to the level of examples: if freedom is worth posting incomplete caricature hundred lives? Worth the freedom to publish an impression of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq war? Even Chancellor Merkel is on both of these questions answered, &quot;Yes!&quot; Most zgranutih Jones reaction to the initiative focuses on the Qur&#39;an as a religious symbol. These convictions and the most religiously based.
 Defending the right of any religion to their own symbols (characters, scriptures) is considered sacred, religion, and defend their sanctities, and the very concept of sanctity, an important key to any authoritarian system (and atheistic authoritarian systems defend their sanctities, though It was a five-pointed star, or favorite character leaders, and government, although seemingly laymen, punish profanaciju their sacred, not just the flag or coat of arms, but even the bill). Lutheran pastor Fykse Olav Tveit, secretary general of the Ecumenical Council of Churches, obzanio in bajramskoj Muslims congratulation to the association, which gathers the majority of Protestant and Orthodox churches in the world, &quot;its members and its ecumenical partners, including those in the United States, we firmly reject and condemn &quot;the initiative of Pastor Jones. Catholic Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue goes a step further and reiterated his previously constant position (contained, among other things, the documents that he signs in recent years along with Al Azhar, Cairo University, which are considered the most prominent religious authority in Sunni Muslim world, since it abolished the caliphate): it is unacceptable that any violence in the name of God, because it was perverted by religious doctrine.
 It is not just a problem even in the first ever completely anonymous Terry Jones, the pastor now completely anonymous charismatic 50-nation sect Dove World Outreach Center, out of all Christian denominations (Protestant and therefore postprotestantskih), focused on the denigration of Muslims (their cry is: &quot;Islam is The devil! &quot;) and homosexual. When he was the only one, to paraphrase the Holder, a &quot;dangerous idiot&quot; in America and the world, the Earth would be a wonderful place in the Universe. When the turn was only a &quot;dangerous idiot&quot;, the problem would eliminate the action of two paramedics something stronger, that person with Jones complexes probably have to take the treatment. The problem never &quot;dangerous idiots,&quot; but quiet and polite people who follow them (Mussolini and Hitler, unfortunately, are not the only examples and evidence), who nukaju to say out loud what a peaceful souls really thinks. The problem is primarily in those of Jones, happy and ready, send the occasional copy of the Quran to burn it.
 So those who have actively contributed to grow it a bunch of those books you see in the television report from the office of pastor of combat, where the foreground ustobočio gun that Jones held as another symbol of their credo, nothing less visible from the nearby Cross, as well as accidental but sarcastic mockery toward Jesus, who, already caught up and focused on the cross, says Peter, &quot;Who is Nara sword, the sword and die.&quot; Pastor verbal sword, but the first died: one of the participants in the protest against the intention of burning the Quran in front of some from NATO&#39;s base in northern Afghanistan. In this information age crisscrossed Pastor Jones has managed okrvaviti their hands and that he had not moved from Florida or stretched his ostentatiously displayed a gun. Just he was to launch its fighter mustache through kyberprostor. About his fighting spirit razantan Court uttered Joe Davis, a returnee from the war in Afghanistan and a representative of U.S. veterans: &quot;If Jones wants to prove something, it does not come in a square in Afghanistan, and there does not burn the Quran? So the person could see the consequences of their actions. &quot;Individuals and groups have the right not to accept any challenge, and whose sacred and the very concept of sanctuary, which was a perfect stranger to me personally - except when it comes to human life and human freedom of thought and action .
 To that end I have to respect someone who believes that defending the eternal life, which also do not believe, but we do not give a right to despise him who believes. No believer gives the right to despise anyone who believes otherwise. When you pull up these differences, it is good to be cautious in the wording and avoid provocation, not only because everyone&#39;s freedom ends where the freedom of others begins, but also because it is freedom for man and not against him. So even against the book in which it is least likely, the human spirit survives the human body. Number of recommendations: 15 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 