Croatian scientist prof. Dr. Mirko Dynamics, has died in a plane crash Pakistan today morning near the Pakistani capital Islamabad in which they killed all 152 passengers and crew members. Dynamics, Dr., doctor of mechanical engineering profession, was killed as Sales Manager for the Middle East PHYWE German company, which sells scientific equipment. Traveled this route - unfortunately, we have just informed that Dr. Dynamics, died in that plane - we were told at the headquarters PHYWE in Göttingen. - Dr. Dynamics, is of Croatian origin, an Austrian citizen and often traveled on this particular route between Karachi and Islamabad - added the officer of the company. According to information from our Ministry of Foreign Affairs, none of the Croatian was not fatal aircraft. Although initially released information that there are survivors, soon to be, unfortunately, proved a false hope.
 I still do not know the causes of aircraft owned by Airblue. The plane was flying from Karachi in the south of the capital Islamabad to the north. Shortly before he was supposed to land, flight control lost contact with the crew, and soon proved that it is the worst. Eyewitnesses say the plane flew unusually low. In the first footage of the tragedy did not see the remains of the aircraft, but only a wooded hill which goes up from the fire and smoke. Inaccessibility of the terrain is difficult and access to the rescuers. - Bodies are everywhere, and we believe that only a few people survived the crash - said in the morning, immediately after the crash, a senior Pakistani police officer. Terrorism does not mention Airblue is the largest private airline in Pakistan, which is particularly developed in recent years, says BBC. Officials of the company, as well as civil aviation, are firmly convinced that there was no fault on the aircraft when it took off in Karachi.
 Nothing unusual there is no record of any conversation with the crew to control the flight of an accident, and now no one even mentions the possibility of terrorist actions. The Pakistani government declared a day of mourning.
 