Shanghai Cooperation Organization is an international organization founded in 2001. in Shanghai. It was after Uzbekistan joined the Shanghai Five group (founded 1996).. Contents [edit] Official Name The official languages are Chinese and Russian, so that the official names of the following: [edit] Membership Shanghai Cooperation Organization gathers the majority of Asian countries, but can join any country. Only the United States declined membership. Besides these countries, Russia is regarded as its sphere of interest and the former Warsaw Pact countries (Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria and Albania). India has a great impact in the following countries: Bangladesh, Nepal, Bhutan and Maldives. The organization cooperates with Turkey. In the near future, some possible forms of cooperation with the following international organizations: UNASUR-om, the African Union, Arab League and the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries.
 China seeks to expand the influence of the Pacific states (eg Nauru). Russia after the breakup of the Soviet Union and seeks to expand its influence and to some unrecognized states like Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Cuba and North Korea have no formal status in the organization, but lead very similar policy. (Israel has a similar attitude towards NATO.) Cuba has been established and the organization OSPAAAL (Organization of Solidarity of Peoples of Africa, Asia and Latin America), which aims to help governments and rebel movements in these areas seeking to establish a socialist state like Cuba, a This can lead to the spread of influence of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization. [Edit] The beginnings of 26th April 1996. Russia, China, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Kazakhstan was founded by the Shanghai five, an organization that has access to Uzbekistan after the 15th July 2001. renamed the Shanghai Cooperation Organization. Opinions about further enlargement of the organization are divided.
 [Edit] Structure of the Council of Heads of State is the main body of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization. It meets all the summits, and make it: Second in importance is the Council of Heads of Government. It also meets all the summits. [Edit] Activities of Shanghai Cooperation Organization is engaged in military, security, economic and cultural cooperation. [Edit] External links Official website Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/% C5% A0angajska_organizacija_za_suradnju&quot; Category: International organizations
 