With Father Ivica Periæa hungry will be eat, and you some, watered with rucksacks, where virtually all of everything separately at least two plastic vreæicama, trèeæim step you hurry across the border in Rwanda, an environmentally conscious country where the plastic more than non ¾ desirable. Fortunately, a couple of minutes before we reached the bus, so the cops had their hands full obavljajuæi already established practice. From the bus pulled out all the bags, scattered them on the floor, and open from each kicked the slightest indication of plastic on which they encountered. It is a bit weird such concern for the protection of nature since it all plastic vreæice that out of the bag to end up floating in the river nearby ¾ it. They hope, perhaps, that will waste yet to sail to neighboring Uganda. Bags you, we learned later, if the limit If you come by taxi or on foot generally will not browse, and if If you come by bus trial is an inevitable ¾. Given poprilièan days on the road and accumulated dirty smelly goods, such nelogiènost it did not bother.
 After half an hour bargaining finally arrange a taxi for us which will bring $ 40 to hundreds of kilometers away Kivumu. Tribute to the good you are awaiting their paid driver who has on several occasions used the opportunity to perform the way many private commitments, so in you go It is pretty nja ¾ ila. At least the roads, especially in comparison with Uganda, in more than Excellent condition, a reason good oèuvanosti guaranteed to last you and also the fact that in Rwanda, the 11 million inhabitants, has only about 200,000 cars, so we are in the driving know, and for half an hour does not see another car. - Give me money! - Were the first words we heard as soon as we opened the doors of a taxi in Kivumuu. Countless children in an instant we were surrounded by the ILO to provide you ajuæi small arms search meant money, candy, whatever. Welcomed us, Father Ivica Peric, a Croat from Bosnia, who leads the mission Catholicism &#39;father ever&#39;, and loud cries in a moment railed children that we could not move even a millimeter.
 Mission &#39;father ever&#39; was named after the high priest and father Vjeko Æuriæu man, also from Bosnia, which for the time&#39;s largest and most terrible genocide in the history of Rwanda, 1994. years, during which, in just three months, the life lost about a million Ruandan, stayed with her ¾ upljane and saved from certain death to tens of thousands of people (some estimates even 150,000). Every day they were supplied with food and medicines, both members of both parties zaraæenih (Hutu and Tutsi), transported in Burundi, assisted in rebuilding their homes after the war to make it 1998th was killed by unknown assassins in Kigali. It is incomprehensible that a crime for which, unfortunately for you, still no one to you her. Školarci ZIDARI After his death, was sent to you, nine years ago, Father Ivica assumed that all the locals very loved and respected because of the manner in which the daily care and fights for all of them. Through regular training they provide hope for a better future, but, more important you not, a free daily lunch, which, because of the great poverty, they can not afford.
 A large part of about 30,000 inhabitants, of which 75 percent is even younger than 25 years, educated or trained in one of the schools started Ivica Fr. Compulsory primary education lasts six years and each year 400-600 children complete primary school. Fra Ivica currently leads for Technical school where kids can train for carpenters, masons and krojaèe. At ¾ Unfortunately, we came just in time for school holidays when children and teachers were on the particular holiday you deserve, but we is Fra Ivica spent through an enviable school complex in which, unlike many other schools, each disciple has a tool to work. We learned that all the children of the practical training (chairs, tables, cabinets, windows, clothes ...) sold at local fairs, and the money you invest in the purchase of new šivaæih machinery, tools or other supplies for school. The enthusiasm caused by the realization that they are children, and aged 13-16 years, during practice and even built a school.
 Dado Prso from overcrowded backpack Vadimo little things that we took from the Croatian to at least a little cheer up children who already from an early age by a few kilometers pješaèe noseæi water, eat makismalno twice a week, if not lucky enough to attend school, and the only toys that know a soccer ball made of bark and bananine uèvršæena ¾ wire. However, Father Ivica gifts in a safe refuge. - Not even accidentally they do not give anything. I reward them according to merit in the schools or because of good behavior. Do not you want them to learn to beg and expect something every time they see a white man and that it sometimes still some things you learn will be deserved. We leave gifts in the best hands and is geared to researchers OF villages during which, on almost every meter, beside us nonchalantly walk some of the young man dressed in a Croatian national jersey (Dado Prso is an absolute favorite). Some of them, or you deserve, and some of which stole from the school. However, in Kivumuu rule according to which, if you do not get caught in a theft, no matter how apparently was that it happened, there are no consequences.
 When we are already there, he was found a job for us. Because we iduæu evening announced a birthday celebration, that requires the organization of the Father Ivica took upon himself, he sent us in Kigali that the local automehanièara change the brakes on the car. Ask God how many years old Toyota, we feel &#39;the official official&#39; afrièkih cars in most countries, fit it in you left their band, although in Rwanda, as well as in our drive on the right lane, which has caused us a lot of clumsiness. We did not have a clue &quot;who the who &#39;who has the advantage that the rule applied in a country where all drive by some of his policies, which include the&#39; greeting &#39;¾ migavci when mimoila ¾ of a turn and no turn signal lighted ¾. Our attempts to turn the ignition signal ¾ merchants resulted in inflamed brisaèima laughter and locals who gathered to understand anything that works. Changing brakes lasted literally all day, and the car were, who knows what, doing virtually all the workers who were present at the workshop.
 Eight. Because darkness in Rwanda falls already about 18 hours and no electricity, and the way to the mission includes the ¾ it on the gravel road, in return, we barely hit the right turn and arrived just in time for another serving of beans and rice ¾ e who are in various ways, ate since we arrived. The story of Fr Ivica found out that the lack of electricity in combination with alcohol significantly contributes to increasing birth rates, and we are shocked by the information that many men suffering from HIV and believe that it will heal if you sleep with virgins, raped and often even their own children barely a dozen years. As he promised,, he was, through its local connections, to celebrate purchased ¾ lively little pig that is the life paid iduæe morning in front of our room and just in time as we doruèkovali. At the celebration came from school teachers, but also a large part of the people because it is a treat by themselves they definitely can not afford.
 In its piece, however, came only after we have taken. Until late into the night, the sound of drums, we danced around the fire and sang a weird combination hrvatskoruandskih hits. SEARCH FOR chocolate chocolate Because we have not already eaten for days, the crisis has made her so desperately is headed the way Kigali in search of fresh ovisnošæu. Ice štapiæu of 35 bills and minimal Moguæa jar nutelle than 50 dollars in the supermarket for rich white people were new, but It is pretty expensive discovery. People in Rwanda, we feel, are very closed. There is a wide smile and like to know the characteristic of Africa to which we have been accustomed. It was a bit of something jezivog in the way they staring at us while we were walking the streets or drove to squeeze into a taxi-van. Without a word, and flashes are absorbing our every move and look so often we did not know whether they paint us or we need to fear them. The result is likely to tragedy in December ¾ ivljene during the genocide, which, unfortunately for you, it left a mark on the children, now adults, testified that the scenes where they kill the whole family muèki formerly a close family friend or neighbor.
 Knowing this background, we did not in the least to blame the lack of smiles. Whites in Kivumuu are not rare, and are with us at the time of Fr furniture remained and the two Bosnian women who are studying in Vienna medincinu, and came to volunteer in local clinics, and there was also an older double couple from Canada with her son teenagers ¾ era. During school holidays, a woman was poduèavala English teachers, since it is almost overnight decreed that will serve you in the official language of Rwanda to become English, to him you were poduèavao carpentry, and his son was held avao teèaj you work on your computer. He saved us, and their purple deionizator water which we used to &#39;proèistili&#39; tap water, but we have a couple of days managed to dokrajèiti rest of the time so we took a risk (fortune without consequence) pijuæi water that came straight from the source. And just when we thought that Rwanda liberal even than the Netherlands, since we&#39;re on every corner Vidali men who hold e hand, it turns out, however, that this is a sign of great friendship and the hold Strengthening men and different women of hands or, worse, kissing in public extremely distasteful and rude.
 Since the visas that we get is valid for only one entry in Rwanda, and the issuance of new for weeks, do not like to miss the opportunity to visit Burundi, mail send a visa to Croatia and with the help of fellow IT expert, that fortune was not on vacation, we have a new valid visa. One can only hope that the borders have a bar code reader, and that we, if we are to discover, somehow already arrive in time to return to Croatia. Text: ID photos: Stipe Marinovic Published in the weekly: Vrime - Dalmatian weekly
 