Author: Nikola Šajn Posted: 04.02.2010 Service 911 28th August received a call in which the driver Lexus says that it is &#39;stuck throttle and no brakes, and come to the crossroads&#39; ZAGREB - Almost every time when problems were encountered with the accelerator, since 2002., Toyota has underestimated the problem, according to New York Times. RELATED NEWS News The situation has reversed last year when the 28th August, 911 American service in San Diego received this invitation: &quot;At Lexus, we ... go north on road 125 and our accelerator is stuck ... the problems are ... do not have brakes ... approaching the intersection ... Catch up ... Catch up and pray ... pray ... &quot;The call ended with a crash sound. Killing all four passengers: Mark Saylor, Cleofe his wife, 13-year-old daughter Mahala and brother in law Chris Lastrella. While Lexus is a car that is now the subject of a recall, New York Times argues that it is this tragedy has forced Toyota to expedite the investigation, although it has hitherto received more than 2000 complaints about unintended acceleration of its cars.
 Because Saylor was an experienced driver, a cop that the job was patrolling the highways, so if someone could put a wild car under control, this would be it. Until then, the Toyota complaints simply treated as a problem with loose rugs, and a federal investigation has shown that the models produced since 2002. until 2005. did not reveal any defects in vehicles, although in 20 of 432 cases under investigation occurred &quot;suddenly and unintentionally accelerate. With Toyota&#39;s throttle pedal is linked to thousands of traffic accidents in the United States and 19 deaths, according to NYT. Toyota now says that there are two problems - a combination of loose rugs that may interfere with the accelerator on the models in the U.S. and Canada, and the pedal ekceleratora that can be stuck on models throughout the world. But several lawsuits against Toyota in the United States argues that the problem has nothing to do with the pedal with no carpets, but - with electronics.
 Because, even though Toyota&#39;s investigation of a computer system that controls the engine and the speed of her car did not find any problems, in many cases appeared to accelerate and no carpets and no accelerator jammed. Police in San Diego, also claims that failed to exclude problems with electronics. - Toyota has all along maintained that no evidence supported the claim that there is an electronic problem, but argued that there are no other problems when the second Recall issued November carpets, and now they are retired - told the Times of London lawyer Saylorovih Tim Pestotnik. The U.S. Congress has already requested from Toyota to hand over all the analysis and documents connected to or disconnected from the electronics perceived problems. For problems with software and suspected co-founder of Apple Steve Wozniak, who claims that his Prius has an accelerator that regularly &quot;went berserk&quot; when he set the cruise control.
 Regarding the Prius, two nights ago came another blow to Toyota, is connected precisely with this model: the Japanese authorities have ordered Toyota to investigate hundreds of complaints that the brakes in a Prius react too slowly. Before that, shares of Toyota fell by five percent, after U.S. Secretary of Transportation Ray LaHood said the owners of more than two million Toyota to them &quot;stop driving and drove to the Toyota dealer because they believe they have the solution.&quot; Then, however, explained that he wanted to say just to drive them to serve. Number of recommendations: 58 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 