Nobel Prize for Literature in 2010. was awarded the Peruvian writer Maria Vargas Llosa for what is said in explaining the Swedish Academy, &quot;cartographic representation structures and sharp images of resistance, rebellion and defeat the individual,&quot; says Hina. Award winner who made 10 million kronor (1.5 million) is the fourth in a row this year&#39;s Nobel Prize, after medicine, physics and chemistry. Jorge Mario Pedro Vargas Llosa, born 28 ožujka 1936th, a Peruvian writer, politician, journalist and essayist. Vargas Llosa is one of the greatest writers of Latin America and one of the leading authors of his generation. Some literary critics believe that Vargas Llosa has a greater international influence and a larger circle of readers in the world than any other writer in Latin America. Vargas Llosa became famous novel &quot;The City and the Dogs&quot; in 1962. in which he described growing up, followed by a novel &quot;green house&quot; where it feels the influence of William Faulkner.
 He wrote a crime novel &quot;Who Killed Palomino Montera?&quot;, Then the novel Jarcevo celebration &quot;in which she describes the power Rafael Trujillo in the Dominican Republic. Erotic novels are his &quot;Dedication pomajci and notebooks of Don Rigoberto.&quot; Much of the works by Vargas Llosa is influenced by his experience of Peruvian society and his own experience as Peruvians. Over time it spreads the issue and dealing with the problems of other parts of the world. Large turning point in his career he was also a shift in style and approach literanoj modern and postmodern. Like many other Latin American authors, Vargas Llosa has been politically active throughout his career, and has gradually moved from left to right. Although he initially supported Cuban government of Fidel Castro, later it was disappointed. Vargas Llosa in 1990. He was a candidate for president of Peru, center-right coalition Frente Democratico, a now largely supported moderate conservative candidates.
 He was good friends with another great Latin-American literature Gabriel Garcia Marquez, but their friendship is broken. Vargas Llosa has been married twice, has three children, and now lives in Madrid and in 1993. accepted Spanish citizenship. bitno.ba
 