FRAN NAR © VI, 17 November 1998. Croatian &#39;hints&#39; to Israeli improvements anjima ZAGREB - The departure of senior Croatian military delegation to Israel, confirmed later by a preliminary assessment and informal ¾ official news that Croatia intends in that country modernize its fighter jets of the type&#39; Mig-21 bis &quot;. These work for years in Israel dealing with the Israeli aircraft industry (IAI) and Elbit company specializes. Should expect that Croatia will in Israel to choose the solution of which will mail in full, according to modern criteria, convert &#39;Mig-21 bis &quot;in the combat aircraft capable help to protect their own airspace, and precision bombing on the ground. Otherwise, light hunter-presretaè &#39;Mig-21&#39; (as well as T-55 tanks and automatic pu ¹ ka &#39;kala ¹ njikov&#39;) jo ¹ still in active service you would in a greater number of countries, but hunters and gun you me, the newer generation. ¹ lished originally conceived as a hunter capable dostiæi U.S. izviðaèke and bomber planes, &quot;MIG-21 &#39;of ¼ sixties until today lived up to ¾ numerous modifications.
 The largest problem &#39;Miga 21&#39; from the mail sixties and seventies was a combat radius is limited due to very rationally designed small popreènog fuselage section in which there is not much room for fuel. Gradually Past Expansion to ¹ lo to aerodinamièkih boundaries, so the finished Eastern version of &#39;Mig-21 bis &quot;(that is, Croatia) utilized ¹ honestly still add a useful solution ¹ trial - using easy mail them and EVR ¹ æih materials and changes in Hull the total quantity of fuel in internal tanks was raised to 2390 pounds for the phone to 190 pounds more mail than in earlier models. The label &quot;bis&quot; in the Soviet Air Force allocated only radically modernized variants of the same aircraft. According to Israeli sources, Croatia plans to modernize 20 hunter type &#39;Mig-21 bis&#39;, &#39;hints&#39; in lovaèkoj variants will equip the radar EL/M-2032, but they envisions to conduct rushes ¹ term task EL/M-2001B radar rangefinder, an integrated global satellite navigation system GPS and inertial navigation system.
 Anticipated and installation elektrooptièkoga transparent cursor data, which is located behind the windscreen in the pilot&#39;s head level (device HUD), and even civil mail system in the cockpit helmet that enables the firing of rockets aimed observed in the cone of 40 degrees. So polished Croatian &#39;Mig-21 bis &quot;can fly and perform combat tasks, yet of all of ¹ A decade. While it would be for you eljnije that the West supply brand new universal hunters last generation, due to financial difficulties ¹ koæa (but also political reasons), Croatia was forced to solve ¹ Avati needs of its Air Force in such a way. However, in relation to the area ¹ s former Yugoslavia, Croatian Air Force, the better the location of the event, for example, one in Slovenia and Bosnia. There is still ¾ ¹ not available in jet-hunting aircraft, while Yugoslavia is based on the &#39;Mig-21&#39; most of the variants that are in poor differently from the Croatian &#39;Mig-21 bis &quot;. Macedonia to his problem with the Air Force solve ¹ learn by the end of next year when she referred to Turkey should arrive 20 light fighter type &#39;F-5 Freedom Fighter&#39; in version A / B as a living hunters and izviðaè (weapons ¾ ani with two cannons M39 caliber 20 mm s per 280 rounds, and five foreign carrier can carry a total of 1996 pounds of ordnance).
 It is a young Engined ¾ U.S. manufacturing experts who fly more mail since 1964. years and to undergo urgent necessity ¾ noj modernization. As this type of service and hunter osuvremenjavaju also Israel (his device are installed and HUD Hotasa and better-looking), not to Off will be in the same Israeli companies work to meet Croatian and Macedonian aircraft. FRAN NAR © VI, 11 February 1999th On the modernization of 20 hints, Croatia to the ¹ tedjeti about 440 million U.S. dollars Modernization hints-21 bis, which will carry out the Israeli company, opens the door to much ¹ wider cooperation with Israel on the modernization and improvement ¹ avanjem Croatian army, and offers prospects for cooperation between military industries / Instead that for 20 new hunters pay around 25 million U.S. dollars per aircraft, squadrons of Mig-21 bis modernize will be the highest ¹ s three million U.S. dollars per aircraft ZAGREB - All the previous estimates and informal ¾ official news that Croatia intends to Israel to modernize its fighter jets MIG-21 bis, proved to be accurate.
 Specifically, the team work for years in Israel, dealing with Israeli Aircraft Industries (IAI) and Elbit Systems specializes. Decisive for Elbit, the Croatian side in Israel has chosen exactly the solution of which will mail in full, according to modern criteria, converting Mig-21 bis aircraft capable of combat help to protect their own airspace, and precision bombing on the ground. Croatia intends to modernize the 12-20 fighters MIG-21 bis (Israeli experts will do the greater part of the upgrading of the technical Aeronautical Institute in Velika Gorica). Hints at lovaèkoj variants will equip the radar EL/M-2032, but they envisions to conduct rushes ¹ term task radar rangefinder EL/M-2001 B, a fully integrated global satellite navigation system GPS and inertial navigation system. Anticipated and installation elektrooptièkog transparent cursor data located behind the windscreen in the pilot&#39;s head level (device HUD) and any mail system in the civil flight helmet, which allow the firing of rockets on the target observed in the one hundred ¹ cu than 40 degrees.
 So polished Croatian hints bis-21 can fly and perform combat tasks, yet at least ¼ of all of A decade. In addition to the standard Russian missile weapons ¾ strengthening, they will be adapted for transmitting ¹ of air to air missiles, air-ground and air-bomb the Israeli and western production. While it would be for you eljnije that the West supply brand new universal hunters last generation, due to financial difficulties ¹ koæa (but also political reasons), Croatia was forced solution ¹ Avati needs of its Air Force in this way. The saver is beznaèajna. Instead of twenty new hunters pay between 18 and 25 million U.S. dollars per aircraft (ie 360-500000000 U.S. dollars how much it would cost 12-20 procurement of modern combat aircraft), squadrons of Mig-21 bis will be modernized to the highest ¹ s three million U.S. dollars apiece ( 36 million U.S. dollars for 12 aircraft, 60 million for all 20). Meanwhile, a deal with Elbit is only the first step in achieving significant cooperation with Israel in the military sphere.
 Israel&#39;s technological ¹ ki so fully developed that may cover all of it now ¹ Croatian needs for modern equipment. For example, Croatian tanks T-54 and T-55 (Eine majority of tanks in the Croatian Army) has long been ripe for a thorough renovation, and it was the Israelis known (and acknowledged) craftsmen who are capable of Russian tanks and armored personnel carriers? Rejuvenate? Life for twenty years. These technological ¹ ki procedures on the tanks T-54 and T-55 include: stronger basic tools of (top), a new system for fire control, day-by night nor ¹ civic machines, an automated system for tracking targets, the detector of danger, stronger engine, new suspension and additional modular Armor which should make it possible to better security and protection and survival of the crew before you, and the survival of the tank on the battlefield. Israel to Croatia and interesting in the field of marine weapons ¾ anja, rocket ship-ship and ship-to-air radar systems, high-quality anti-tank weapons ¾ i, unmanned aircraft, topni ¹ society (the one with vuèom and samovoznog), pedestrian ¹ aèkih fire funds, etc.
 With the help of Israel, Croatia would be easier and cheaper ¹ e ala improvements and improving its core mail system protuzraène defense, particularly electronics, and many prateæim devices that Israeli military-industrial complex produced and sold abroad, already two decades. The account comes to buying Israeli license and joint production of the necessary and mutually ¹ heavy and light weapons ¾ i (vi ¹ ecijevni rocket launchers, long-range sniper pu ¹ ke etc.). Israel for each country reconstructs its weapons ¾ armed forces, is interesting because of its peacetime and wartime military organization, doctrine, tactics, training military personnel and military and civil institutions, etc. Permanent military ties with Israel means and connections to other levels. There is a mutually beneficial exchange of military intelligence ¹ classified information, contact information and security services would ¹ ¾ schooling Croatian personnel in a series of special military areas. Croatian fighter pilots who manage and helicopters rushing ¹ term specialization in Israel would be a valuable experience, as well as members of the armored units.
 In the political sense, Croatia in relation to Israel has since the beginning of its existence quite drukèiju practice that is completely different from the past ¹ Him Yugoslav (&quot;nonaligned&quot;) radical proarapskog direction, so that in any case, does not it may be an obstacle or workloads for a more detailed and comprehensive military and other cooperation. It must be remembered that the example of Turkish-Israeli military cooperation so uhodala and branched out to represent a very important ¾ necessity item in the total meðudr you owned the relations between Turkey and Israel, which already assume a very subtle finesse (eg, the military transferred the anti-terrorism plan). Needless to throw in the Croatian and jobs were very probitaèno globally. Chain of Turkey-Israel-Croatia-Turkey would not remain unnoticed ¾ en, not only of the countries the immediate surrounds me, but also of NATO, Russia, EU and USA. In turn the Minister of Defence Paul Miljavac that will all the details of specific short-term prospects for long-term cooperation and bilateral ties with Irazelom refine probably about you in March.
 Then the minister and senior Croatian military delegation, the official should officially visit Israel, and finally sign the agreement on military cooperation between the two countries. Politics, 27 jun 2009. Croatian hints nadleæu Slovenia Ljubljana - the official Ben Ljubljana uruèila a protest note to Zagreb, because the Croatian military planes &quot;breached slovenaèki air mail or place.&quot; Slovenia is the seven-day delay zaka ¹ &quot;¹ Consumer protested and demanded explanations mail delay&quot; from the Croatian whose two unannounced miga preletela Lendava 19th June, reported ovda ¹ their media ... - - - &#39;Policy&#39; is taken off the news from their site and and mail it to who may find on mainstream portals. Slobodanka, 23.09.2010. TWO DOWN A MIG-21 Airplane of fallen, crashed into another aircraft and destroyed it and mail the Croatian Air Force has lost nearly half their aircraft. On the military exercises in order to ¾ ¹ ila Slunja destroyed the two MIG-a 21 Pilots have been catapulted to time. Ministry of Defence is also the official officially confirmed the loss of two aircraft.
 Accident occurred at 12:50 hours. Both pilots successfully but were catapulted and landed parachute, after which they contacted the command ¹ households, but when falling debris from the aircraft was destroyed Feminized people who worked in nearby ¾ ing field. So far, the cause of the accident is considered the most realistic fact that it is a part of the plane fell off that hit the other aircraft that was behind him and pulled down and mail it ... HRT, 24.10.10. MiG&#39;s from Triglav to the Drina River? The fall of two MiG&#39;s re-actualized the procurement of new fighter aircraft. The meeting was to deal, worth up to one billion euros. Prime Minister Ivo Josipoviæ confirmed that the purchase of new fighter aircraft, together with Slovenia one of the options. But it would still be a large expense ¹ Even so possible and to Croatia with Slovenia and Bosnia share costs ¹ ak modernization of existing Croatian MiGs. In return, they would monitor the air space of the Triglav to the Drina. A few days ago to defend the Council gave a deadline of 60 days to make a decision on how to further protect ¹ Croatian air space.
 Some things are not to be in the public amount before being implemented, has the offer of some other countries for similar arrangements ¾ flaws, has option to extend the useful life of existing aircraft, has a whole set of offers of different countries and companies, but they are part of the business secrets and let this moment are not talking about them, &quot;said Josipoviæ. Joint monitoring of airspace is not a new idea, currently provides this service Slovenes ¾ Italians case, expensive, and the Italians are ba ¹ and Slovenia are not seeing from the air. Who first in the region buy a new or renew old combat fighters, may offer the service, neighbors, and the mail does not share the cost mail costs? Because Croatia is, apart from Serbia, the only reserves ala combat aviation, and is aware of the advantages of mail and once their retired Air Force Chief Major General Josip Stimac ©. Cooperation with Slovenia and Bosnia and Montenegro, poveæala the possibility that we as Zrakoplovsvo survive, he said.
 After all, the modernization of MiG-this would cost us as much ba ¹ Slovene Italians pay the annual monitoring of their mail airspace, the 15-odd million. Thus at least some of the money and mail about us. But for any incident situation, such as terrorist attack or hijacking of an aircraft in airspace, the responsibility of Croatia. No matter how much it cost us. HINA, 25.10.2010. Türk and Josipoviæ surprised the idea of a joint safeguarding the airspace Slovenian President Danilo Türk, who on Monday with Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Josipoviæom participated in © sixth World Congress of the International League of Humanists (ILH) in Zagreb, has expressed surprise moguæno ¹ ll joint control airspace two hold states, while the Croatian president said that it was &quot;one of the solutions to solve the problem ¹. &quot;Collaboration is a good thing, but I must say that I was surprised when I heard of it because Slovenia has already agreed in the framework of NATO help to protect airspace, so you do not see what other things would be changed as needed.
 I believe that will the two prime ministers to explain mail to have thought that would be about these ideas still add speak, &quot;said Turk. For President Josipoviæa joint monitoring airspace Slovenian and Croatian is&quot; one of the solutions to solve ¹ the problem of having two hold state. &quot;This is , he said, should talk to &quot;by applicable authorities.&quot; Croatian Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor and its Slovenian counterpart, Borut Pahor on Saturday in Lovran Dear discussed the possibilities a joint surveillance airspace. Asked for mail that have not yet been modified by diplomatic note to the ratification of the Arbitrator ¾ term agreement , two of the President shared my mail thinking it is a &quot;TECHNICAL&quot; things. &quot;It is a matter of time and technology,&quot; said Josipoviæ. Türk added that the referendum on the ratification of the arbitrator ¾ term agreement &quot;Past about&quot; the constitutional court and the neizmjena diplomatic notes matter of technical nature. Commenting on the issue of Ljubljanska Banka, short komentirav ¹ and that &quot;set the framework for the solution ¹ PREVENTION this issue,&quot; and that &quot;details matter between the two governments.&quot;
 © Regarding the upcoming report of the European Union ¹ æa progress, the Croatian president said he expects a positive outcome. &quot;I expect that they will recognize the progress,&quot; said Josipoviæ. The report shall ¹ EU Progress Croatian expected for two weeks. Well ...
 