Traveling from Kazakhstan to the north of Africa where we are familiar with Sudan - ten per area&#39;s largest hold Ava world, which is also the largest states hold the African continent. Though noted for its rich cultural and historical heritage that binds your current location and the history of Egypt, Sudan is a relatively young country that gained its independence in the mid 20th century. After Sudan&#39;s independence is found in long-term ethnic, religious and economic conflicts, of which after the establishment of economic reform at the end of the last century began to successfully recover. As a country that bases its development on the possession of rich natural sources of Sudan today is hold Ava with one of the fastest e rastuæih economies in the world. If in addition to general information about Sudan want to know more about the mountain Jebel Barkal and the ancient city of Napata, a famous Nubian pyramids and the National Park Dinderu then we invite you to join us hold on one more walk around the world.
 Sudan General information Size-tenth largest states hold the world (2,505,813 km2), or the official Sudan officially the Republic of Sudan is located in the northeast of the African continent. More precisely, Sudan to the north borders with Egypt, in the northeast exit to the Red Sea, the eastern borders with Ethiopia and Eritrea, to the southeast with Kenya and Uganda, in the southwest with the Democratic Republic of Congo and Srednjoafrièkom Republic, and in the west are borders with Èadom and with Libya in the northwest. With more than 40 million inhabitants of Sudan is on the 29th place in the world by population. Major political, cultural and economic center of the hold state while the city of Khartoum from the rest of your important and you veæih Sudanese Highlights largest cities Omdurman, Port Sudan and then, Kassalu, El Obeid, and Al Nayalu Qadarif. Sudan has been arranged as a federal politician, presidential, democratic republic with višestranaèkim system in which the president heads the hold state, government and military.
 The country is administratively divided into twenty-five neighboring states hold. Important to point out that the Sudan inhabited by nearly 600 tribes, which the official is more than 400 languages and dialects. Despite this, the two dominant cultural tradition in Sudan are Arabic, which dominates the north and the African, which is present in the south. In the north of the country dominated by Arab puèanstvo which is mostly Muslim religion, but in the south and west of the population practices kršæanstvo giving the domestic or traditional beliefs. Also, in the north there is a majority of urban centers hold state. It should be added that within each cultural tradition there are many different ethnic, tribal and acquiring language divisions that hinder you alas mutual cooperation. With the official official Arabic and English in Sudan are also a number of respects and the use of local languages. After gaining independence from Egypt and the United Kingdom 1956th year, half of the 20th
 century in the country have plenty ¾ ila two civil wars based on ethnic, religious and economic differences between northern and southern Sudanese ¾ nih. Only after the authorities in the country over the current President Omar al-Bashir 1989th years, comes to calm the conflict and since then Sudan begins gradually recover and develop economically. Civil War was finally completed 2005th The adoption of a new constitution acceptable to both sides. Thanks to the rich natural resources and production of oil, Sudan is now one of the economically fastest e rastuæih countries. Top Natural abundance ¾ i in geographic terms of a large part of Sudan occupies a plateau that was dotted with several mountain ranges. Thus, in the west of the country stretching ¾ e chain of volcanic peaks of Jebel Marra, south of the izdi ¾ highest peak of the Sudan - Kinyeti Imatong mountains (3187 m) and in the eastern hills stretching along the Red Sea. Blue and White N il merge with the city of Khartoum where they form the Nile River, which passes north through Egypt to the Mediterranean Sea.
 The Nile river flow all the rivers of Sudan, which are suitable for sailing and used for the production of hydropower and agricultural irrigation. Amounts of rainfall is greater in the south than the north. That&#39;s why the north of Sudan are very dry Nubian and Libyan deserts, which are almost non-e contains vegetation. Also, pješèane storms are frequent occurrences here, and due to lack of rain in this area has been developed and a nomadic way of the life. For these reasons, the desert regions to the north and northwest Sudan are almost entirely uninhabited. On the other hand, in the south are the rainforest, tropical savannah and swamp, and the rainy season here lasts up to six months. In the south of the country largely dominated by tropical, while the north characteristic hot desert climate. Also, the majority of the population of Sudan you live in the valley of the Nile River and its tributaries, especially in the northern part meðurijeèja White and Blue Nile, where cotton cultivation was developed.
 Important to point out that Sudan has a rich and natural resources among which are petroleum, natural gas, gold, silver and iron ¾. Ecological problems in the country related to desertification and soil erosion caused by unplanned expansion of agricultural areas. Also, one of the environmental problems and uncontrolled hunting zaštiæenih ¾ animal species. Top Historical Sketches Archaeological evidence testifies to the presence of human communities in the area of eastern Sudan is about 70,000 years, until the first sjedilaèke culture in this area appeared around 8,000 BC. At that time the territory of present-day Sudan, there are three Cushitic and meroetska kingdom that had a strong cultural, political and religious links with ancient Egypt, with whom they often fought and traded. During the third and 4 century BC the territory of present-day Sudan began to spread kršæanstvo, that would be already half of the 7th
 century from the north spread the influence of Islam here. Since that time, Islam became the dominant religion in this region iduæe whole tisuæljeæe. During the Middle Ages, the dominant kingdom in the Sudan were Makurija and Sennar. In early 19th m century of Sudan takes over Egypt, which supported the Western colonialists. At the end of the second half of the 19 century comes to rebellion against the Sudanese government of Egypt, despite no significant record successes rebellion is finally crushed by the British end of the same century. Although Sudan has since been formally condominium Great Britain and Egypt are in fact the independence to manage it the British, who have divided the Arab north on developed and underdeveloped African south. After the political turmoil of the British and the Egyptians were finally accepted the inevitable ¾ no declaration of independence of Sudan signed a contract 1954th year, which are guaranteed that they will respect the independence of Sudan from 1
 January 1956th year. Despite this, the year before the declaration of independence comes to civil war between northern and southern Sudan ¾ nog. The conflict occurred because of dissatisfaction with her ¾ NIH Sudanese, mostly you obviously kršæana, mainly because of the dominance you obviously Muslim north against the south of the country. The first civil war lasted from 1955. 1972. when he reached a peace agreement between the parties zaraæenih. After ten years of ceasefire 1983rd The re-start the new conflict between north and south of the country due to the cancellation of the agreed autonomy south, and the introduction of elements of Sharia law in Sudan. Since 1989. The power in the country over the current President Omar al-Bashir, who has contributed to easing the conflicts that were previously in Sudan caused major demographic and economic damage. Since this time the country has gradually begun to develop economically. By adopting a new constitution 2005th year, which allows limiting the autonomy of her ¾ nom Sudan, and gives him the possibility of calling the elections for the independence of the 2011th
 years, finally ended the long civil war in the country. Despite the still-present instability in Sudan is now one of the countries which registers the fastest economic growth in the world, and is a member of numerous international organizations. Top Interests Of the many interesting things related to single out Sudan Jebel Barkal hill and the ancient city of Napata, a famous Nubian pyramids and the National Park Dinder. Jebel Barkal Hill and the ancient city of Napata Hill Jebel Barkal or according to some sources, Gebel Barkal, located in northern Sudan in the historic region of Nubia. At the foot of the hill you it are impressive remains of the ancient city of Napata, which was developed precisely in this place because of the religious significance of the ancient Egyptians and the people Kušita attributed Jebel Barkal. For this reason, both articles must be considered and presented together. Also, Important to point out that the hill and the remains of Napata since 2003. at the UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 Jebel Barkal is 98 meters high mountain, flat top, which in the past, the official meant as a landmark for traders place on where the easiest way to cross the river Nile, the va ¾ nom direction between central Africa, Arabia and Egypt. Hill has long been considered sacred and to be conviction reserves alo at a local puèanstva today. It is believed that around 1450 BC pharaoh Tutmos III. expanded the boundaries of his empire to the south to Jebel Barkala. At the foot of the hill pharaoh found a city Napata that the Egyptians were ruled iduæih 300 years. After the Egyptians, Napata became the capital of the kingdom of Cush, whose kings have ruled Egypt as the 25th dynasty in the period from 720th to 660th BC. After Kušiti ceased to rule Egypt, Napata remained a va ¾ nim royal and religious center until the 350th BC when the kingdom fell apart Kušita. Egyptians were given a special religious importance ¾ possibility hill Jebel Barkal as residence of the god Amun, who were among others believed that renews the life of each year at a time when the Nile overflows.
 At the foot of the hill gave the Egyptians to build a major religious shrine of the god Amun, whose cult was again rebuilt in the 8th century BC. At the time of the Nubian king Piye 25th dynasty, gave significantly increase the old temple of Ammon. It is worth noting that Hill probably received the Important opportunities for distinctive divisional pointed rocks on it ¾ nom corner of the hill, which reminds the raised serpent, or a cobra, which was the symbol bo ¾ civic authorities in Egypt. Remains of buildings around the hill include 13 temples and 3 palaces, and the first time they describe European researchers ivaèi 1820th year. It is interesting to note that at this location until early 20th begin the first century archaeological researchers claims. The fact that the hill and the remains of an ancient city located on the UNESCO World Heritage speaks about the value of the archaeological sites of its tajnovitošæu continues privlaèiti real adventurers.
 Nubian pyramids on the top area of the region in today&#39;s Sudan, Nubia, located in the valley of the Nile River, in the past were three Kushite kingdoms with which you are already in a famous Nubian pyramids. The center first kušitskog kingdom was located in the city Kermi in the period from 2600th the 1520th BC, second in the city since 1000 Napata to 300 BC, a third in the city of Meroe from 300 BC to 300 AD. Kerma was the first Nubian centralized hold states to a specific culture, while the kingdom of Meroe Napata and culturally, economically and politically was significantly associated with ancient Egypt. Testifies about it and the fact that during the later history of ancient Egypt rulers Napata it mastered as pharaohs 25th dynasty. It is assumed that the three locations in the area of Nubia around 220 pyramids built in the period of several centuries by the official ile as tombs of kings, and queens Napata and Meroe.
 The first pyramids were built at the location of al-Kurri on the right bank of the Nile, located 13 kilometers but it ¾ of the Jebel Barkala. Later pyramids were built in the necropolis Nuri on the west bank of the Nile in Upper Nubia. Here was buried 52 queens and 21 princesses and kings who were certain location in a large granite sarcophagus. Finally, the location that contains the most nubijskih pyramid is located in the ancient city of Meroe, located a hundred kilometers north of Khartoum. During meroetskog kingdom in this place, buried more than 40 queens and kings. Nubian pyramids in significantly different proportions of the Egyptian in that they were built of stepped blocks of a particular horizontal location of stones, while their height from about 6 to 30 meters. Also, based nubijskih pyramids are relatively smaller in size and rarely exceed a width of 8 meters wide, which is why they are narrow and steep, and have an inclination of 70 degrees.
 Most of the pyramid has a small rtvene ¾ ¾ temples in her foot. Although all the Nubian tombs were opljaèkane back in the past, the walls of the grave chapel reliefs reveal that the dead in them were mummified, covered with jewels and location of certain wooden sarcophagi. Important to point out that during the archaeological researchers claims during the 19 and 20 century found in the pyramids, and numerous remains of various weapons ¾ i, furniture, dishes and many other objects that testify to meroetske touch with the Egyptian and Hellenistic culture. Undoubtedly, the Nubian pyramids are the great treasures of world cultural heritage that will continue for a long time you know privlaèiti seekers and researchers ivaèe. Top National Park Dinder Dinder is a national park and biosphere reserve located in the east of Sudan near the border with Ethiopia. Founded in 1935th , and 1979th became part of the World Network of Biosphere Reserves. In biological terms Park is significant because it is located on the border between the Sahel (ekoklimatske and biogeographic zone located between the Sahara desert in the north and fertile Sudanese savanna in the south) and the Ethiopian ecoregion.
 Important to point out that in addition rijeènog and forest ecosystems Dinder contain and the ecosystem rijeènih curve that eventually turned into lakes potkovastog shape. In the area of the park inhabited by 27 species of large mammals, 160 species of birds, 32 species of fish, and numerous smaller mammals, reptiles, bats and amphibians. Only some of veæih mammals that inhabit the park are you irafe, elephants, buffaloes, antelopes, different types of gazelles, lions and leopards. Also, Dinder is located on the main direction of bird migration between Eurasia and Africa. In the area within and around the park inhabited by many local communities including uroðenièka tribes. At ¾ Unfortunately, the ecosystem of the park has deteriorated due to prolonged civil war, frequent droughts and famines, but also because of the presence stoèara who were forced to come to this territory due to the expansion of agricultural land through their traditional pastures. The main season for visiting the park runs from January to April, and visitors are allowed only tourism is limited in order not to undermine the ecosystem.
  