Across the border illegally every month exceeds some tens of thousands of foreigners, mostly from North Africa and South Asia. Some preplivavaju nearby river Evros, while others cross the border hiding in vans and trucks entering Greece. Photo: AP Illegal immigrants in Piraeus in the European Union each year came as hundreds of thousands of illegal immigrants. Because the Union on the border of Greece and Turkey recently conducted &quot;Operation Poseidon&quot; which aims to reduce the pressure of illegal immigration. As in the second of a series of articles about the problem of immigration in Europe, reports Henry Ridgwell, on the Greek side of the border gathered on the guards and police officers from a number of European countries. It is pitch a night on the border between Greece and Turkey. Austrian and Greek police used thermal imaging to discover the dark people who are trying to switch from Turkey to Greece, and thus on the territory of the European Union. Across the border illegally every month exceeds some tens of thousands of foreigners, mostly from North Africa and South Asia.
 Some preplivavaju nearby river Evros, while others cross the border hiding in vans and trucks entering Greece. German cop shows us the equipment to detect hidden &#39;of underground&#39; &quot;These four sensors can detect the heartbeat of the person who is hiding in the vehicle.&quot; Greek border guard described how, in a bus on the two floors were discovered in the party: &quot;This was supposed to be a reservoir for water, but there is actually a special area with a double bottom. When we started to drill, we found six people who were hiding there . Caught up to examine pay who organizes such illegal switching. One Danish policeman says that ten years examines the illegal immigrants who claim to have walked almost the whole of Turkey, but that pushed them close to the border in vehicles - as he says - &#39;like cattle&#39;. It is obvious that someone on this earns big money - he says the Dane. Agency of the European Union to prevent illegal immigration, Frontex, in Piraeus, the port of Athens, has a regional office.
 Its director, Ilkka Laitinen, says the biggest problem for citizens of Morocco, Algeria and Afghanistan: &quot;Today is very easy in those countries to buy cheap plane ticket to Turkey. When you&#39;re in Istanbul, it is relatively easy to find someone who will move across the border. &quot; Two of the arrested, Abdul Samat and Nabire Hamad 20 days they traveled from Bangladesh to Greece through India, Pakistan, Iran and Turkey. They say that they eat almost anything, and as soon as they arrived in Greece - were arrested. But soon they were released because the Greek reception centers for illegal immigrants, no more space. The two are usually among the happier. Every year killed hundreds of foreigners who attempt to swim across the Evros River, which divides Turkey and Greece. Afghan Wajid Sharifi shows one of the provisional cemeteries, where they were &#39;illegally buried together in a kind of mass grave: &quot;People who are buried here are thought to come to Europe, to live better.
 However, they drowned in the river or stepped on a mine, and now rest here. &quot;Islamic priest in a nearby village said that in the vicinity of a few of these mass graves. And for those lucky few - those who survive entry into Europe - in fact the problems are just beginning.
 