As a relatively young hold state, United Valsts U.S. government over more than 2 century of its independence succeeded in developing political and economic najmoæniju country in the world, which now insists his specific culture and tradition. Besides being known for its beautiful variety of natural expanses that stretch from the Atlantic Ocean in the east to the Pacific Ocean to the west, the U.S. is a country that was built on the foundations of multiculturalism, liberal democracy and capitalism and is the cradle of modern cultural trends, which now follows the whole world. If in addition to general information about the U.S. want to learn more about jazz, comics and amerièkoj drink of the apple, then join us hold on this trip. U.S. State United ¾ ave General information Size-fourth, but according to some sources and third hold states of the world (9,522,055 km2), U.S. State United ¾ skraæeno state or the United States, extends to the central and southern ¾ nim parts of North America.
 Specifically, the United States extends from the Atlantic Ocean in the east to the Pacific Ocean in the West and Meksièkog Bay to the southeast. Through the mainland U.S. borders with Canada and Mexico in the north to south, and sea borders across the federal government hold Alaska borders with Russia. Also, in addition to the United State government you have a number of territories around the world, they also belong to the Hawaiian Islands are located in the Pacific Ocean. With more than 300 million inhabitants, the U.S. is the third most populous states hold the world after China and India. The capital and administrative center of the country is Washington, and from important cities Important Highlights biggest New York, then Los Angeles, Chicago, Huston, and Texas. Hold state is politically regulated as a democratic federal union with the presidential system and consists of 50 federal states hold. As a young hold states that only 1776th The declared its independence from the British Empire, the U.S. has a distinct multiethnic character.
 While at the federal level, the official official language is not given, in practice English is the main language of U.S. nation, after which follows the use of Spanish. Hold nationals of the United States are considered and called the Americans, and most of them (nearly 70%) comprising Europeans, mostly Germans, Irish, English, Italians, Scandinavians and Slavs, followed by Latinos, African Americans, Americans of Asian origin, domorodaèko Hawaiian population and very few native Indians. After predvodnièke and winning the role of the United State government you have in the First and Second World War and finally ending the Cold War in 1991. The USA today is najmoæniju hold Ava world. Besides the military and the political power, the U.S. insists, and stable economic growth, low unemployment and prednjaèi in the world with advanced technological achievements. Top Natural abundance ¾ i vast expanses of the United State ¾ ava remnants of his raznolikošæu which is divided into four major geography no relief units.
 The first unit is on Apalaèi Highlands rich ores, and the other on the coastal plain that stretches along the Atlantic ¾ vapnenaèkog coast to the peninsula of Florida. A third unit occupies a large area of central plain, which extends from the mountains Apalaèi in the east to the mountain of the Rocky Mountains to the west, while the fourth refers to the vast Cordillera mountain range that extends to the west of the country along the Pacific Ocean. The space occupied by the federal states hold separate Alaska from the USA and Canada, while Hawaiian otoèje located in the central part of the Pacific Ocean. Large U.S. space was determined by the different climatic Uvj Etim. So for the central and eastern part of the country&#39;s typical of a temperate climate, the western Mediterranean to the Pacific Ocean, the middle and western parts of the Semi-arid and desert, while the extreme north and in mountainous areas of the country dominated by snow on you and forest air. Due to favorable climatic conditions, much of the country is inhabited by a majority of Americans now you live in urban areas.
 Top Historical Sketches It is assumed that the indigenous Indians (U.S. natives) on the territory of present-day North America and the United States has migrated from Asia about 40,000 years ago. Some of the regional starosjedilaèkih cultures before the arrival of Europeans were highly developed in the field of company management, agriculture and architecture. It is assumed that the official before the official discovery of America in 1492 year by Christopher Columbus to the present druèju U.S. you lived around 1.5 million Indians. Most of them became extinct after the arrival of Europeans due to frequent wars with the colonizers and the numerous outbreaks. Europeans are already up to the mid-18th century founded the 13 colonies on the eastern shores of the United States today, and the population in the colonies began to greatly poveæavati èešæih amidst the waves of immigration from Europe. Over time, the colonies become independent from the British Crown, and 1775th The U.S. starts a war for independence.
 The newly formed U.S. Congress has already 4th srpnja 1776th proclaimed the Declaration of Independence, and since that day is celebrated as the main hold central feast of the United States. The victory over the British Army 1781st The 13 colonies to declare United Valsts U.S. states headed by President George Washington. During the first half of the 19 century followed Connecting hold states of Louisiana, Florida, Texas, New Mexico and California United Valsts states, after which it expanded its territory considerably. In the mid 19th century leads to tensions between the country&#39;s industrial north and the south where agriculture is dominated robovlasnièki management system. After the birth pstva opponent, Abraham Lincoln, 1860. He was elected president of the United States, it you do not hold government to cut themselves off from the north of the country and formed the Confederacy began bringing the U.S. civil war. The war lasted from the 1861st until 1865. year, and as a winner out of the northern united states hold the Union, followed by the abolition of slavery in the United States.
 Already two years after the civil war, 1867th Mr buying from Russia, Alaska became part of the United States. Late 19th century the United States after the war with the Spaniards annexed Hawaii, Puerto Rico and the Philippines, and has thus expanded its sphere of influence in Latin America. Began to manipulation of 20th century the United States grew into a global force with a population of 92 million. After finally 1917th g. United States entered the First World War, has largely contributed to the victory of the Entente powers, which in turn has further increased the impact vojnopolitièki country in the world. Shortly after the war, during the 30-19th this year century the U.S. was gripped by severe economic crisis that hold states managed to successfully recover in the coming years. After the air attack on Japan, U.S. port of Pearl Harbor, the U.S. gets uvuèen in World War II against the Axis powers and greatly contributes konaènoj victory of allied forces. After the war the U.S. is one of the main founders of NATO 1949th
 year. Also, immediately after the war to intensify relations with the United States and the Soviet Union and between the two world&#39;s strongest military force begins nearly 50-year Cold War that lasted until the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. year. In the second half of the 20th century The U.S. foreign policy are enhanced by numerous military interventions, particularly in South East ¾ Korea, Vietnam and the Dominican Republic. Important to point out that the 1969th The U.S. astronauts landed on the moon. After the collapse of the Soviet Union&#39;s final early 90-ies of the last century, the U.S. becomes a world economic and military superpower, despite the objections or support to hold the world&#39;s states since then he has the main word in the international political scene. As najmoænija hold states of the world built on the foundations of multiculturalism, liberal democracy and capitalism, the U.S. now insists stable economic growth and advanced technological achievements and is the origin of modern cultural trends.
 Top Interests As bearers of modern culture zapadnjaèke Americans have their specific cient ¾ lifestyle, music styles, sports, cuisine, fashion and design influenced the whole world. Of the many interesting things you are already in the U.S. jazz culture, we recommend, comics and U.S. apple pie. Jazz Jazz is a musical genre that you begins to develop early 20th century within afroamerièkih communities in southern United Valsts states, and is a merger of African and European musical traditions. Despite the apparent large African influence, generally to hold, and that jazz is only the original U.S. music style. Although the late 18th century African slaves in the United States performed the work and ritual music, jazz began to receive his well-known form only in early 19th century, when afroamerièki musicians learned to play European instruments. Early 20th century jazz was initially developed as a street manifestations dance music to play in kafiæima suburban New Orleans and other cities njaèkih it you, that over time evolved into a style that is still performed in concert halls and teaches at colleges and is designed for the small but educated audience.
 For the origin of the name &quot;jazz&quot; There are several reinterpretations of which none are more reliable, and is generally assumed that this term began to be used in Chicago around the 1915th year. From its beginnings until now developed a number of directions of jazz that were created by merging the various local, regional and national musical influences from which jazz came into contact. So now we know the styles like &quot;New Orleans Dixieland,&quot; &quot;swing&quot;, &quot;bebob &#39;, then variations of Latin jazz as&quot; Afro-Cuban &quot;and&quot; Brazil &quot;jazz and modern styles such as&quot; acid jazz &quot;, which combines influences&quot; funk &quot;and&quot; hip-hop. &quot; Jazz is a musical direction that is very difficult to define. In general it may be described as an artistic musical direction came in the midst of touch with African Americans of European music in the United Valsts states, which is characterized by free, but the constant syncopated rhythm, sound posebnošæu particular instrument and improvisation.
 Although the basic feature improv jazz, and it consists of the set pieces and improvisations mainly carried out through a variety of variations on a given topic from which jazz musician may be more or less ramble through the music. Jazz mostly running small group of musicians 2-8 izvoðaèa, or &quot;big band&quot;, which comprised of 10-15 musicians. The rhythm section jazz band is composed of merchants percussion, bass, piano, a ¾ bed, guitar or bass guitar, and represents the fundamental part. Although the composition of each jazz instrument may have a solo role, his solo The most common instruments include various puhaèke instruments such as trumpet, saxophone, trombone or clarinet and other instruments such as vibraphone and piano. Important is to add more usually a great jazz soloists, especially puhaèi, emphasized by its special color tone that you achieve the svirajuæi their instruments. Important to point out that the ability of jazz to easily accept the elements of other musical genres, and the possibility njego greater performance at a broad spectrum of instruments would allow him a successful and interesting development that is still going on.
 Skilled bounce and unpredictability of improvised jazz musicians such as the Louis Armstrong and Miles Davis testifies to the fact that jazz is a truly unique musical direction with which to deal only skilled musicians, that is, geniuses. A large number of different subspecies of jazz that continues to grow in favor say that the Jazz will continue to develop successfully. Top Strip Although p reteèom comics is every historical artistic work that consists of a series of narrative images such as for example the Egyptian Book of the Dead or Roman Trajan column, comics as we know it today actually began to develop during the 19 century U.S. and European illustrators. Development of the strip but you will with the emergence of mass media, namely newspapers and moving pictures, and he at first appears in the daily newspapers in the U.S. in the early 20th century. Since then the site becomes independent media and a special art form that could spread across the world, and the press and outside the newspapers in the form of special strip albums, novels, specialized magazines, today, web novel.
 As developed in the United Valsts States, the name of &quot;strip&quot; comes from the English name &quot;comic strip&quot;, which literally means &quot;comic strip or humorous.&quot; Although this name suggests that comics are often humorous in character, they also cover various other genres so you can be scientifically fantastic, cowboy, adventure, horror, children&#39;s, ratnièki, detective, erotic or super heroes. In general, the comic is a series of pictures with little text related to the complete story. Unlike the media, film and the ozvuèen pomièan, comics is a very demanding and you concise form which is represented by the public story. Hence, high-quality comic books are those that besides quality illustrations include on a quality selection of frames and text. Except in the United Valsts countries with developed mass consumption of comic books about super heroes, the main focus of the world you comic book industry of the day are still in Japan, where the emphasis is placed on the comic book and action in France and Belgium, where he cultivates artistic value of comics.
 As we have been many generations have grown up with comics such as &quot;Alan Ford&quot;, &quot;Corto Maltese&quot;, &quot;Batman,&quot; &quot;Zagora&quot;, &quot;Prince Valijant&quot; or domaæeg Mauroviæeva &quot;Old Puss,&quot; we hope that will come and future generations continue to ¾-operate in not only entertaining, but rather an artistic worth contemplation by the masterpieces of modern comic crtaèa. The U.S. top The U.S. apple pie apple pie, and most of customs and culinary specialties, which today represent the cultural symbols of the United State you state, comes from Europe. Important to point out that voæka apples until the arrival of Europeans was not present on the floor of the New World, in that the first apple pies on the ground today and probably the U.S. began to prepare the English colonialists, who brought with them the seeds jab uke in the 17th century. Although at that time, immigrants more often cooked meat pies rather than the fruit, there are printed and written recipes on amerièkoj drink apple from the 18
 century, which testify to the fact that this sweet specialty then was already very popular Americans. Apart from the great symbolic value that The U.S. has asked for Americans, she as a culinary specialty is a simple cooked rounds of sweet dough which is divided into upper and lower portion is filled with stuffing of apples, to which is often served with whipped cream. From the time the first English settlers to the present day has been gradually growing popularity of U.S. pie that is the &quot;baseball&quot;, &quot;hot dog&quot; and &quot;Chevrolet&quot; eventually became one of the main symbols of the United States. Important to note that today in the U.S. there is a saying &quot;like the U.S. American Pie&quot;, which indicates that someone or something peculiar to the United States. T akoðer, during World War II U.S. soldiers have often explained their reason for going to war with the phrase &quot;Because of U.S. mothers and pies,&quot; which tells about the apple pie has become a symbol of U.S. identity.
  