CHINA - Road of Marco Polo to the culture of tea and silk Beijing, Xi&#39;an, Hangzhou, Suzhou, SHANGHAI 10 days / 8 nights Departure: 29.10. - 7.11.2010. / 13.5. - 22.5.2011. / 16.6. - 25.6.2011. Value more: Cities in TURIA interconnecting FLIGHTS + POLUPANSION Program Trip Day 1: Zagreb - Paris meeting passengers at the Zagreb airport 90 minutes before the flight. After taking over the travel documents of aircraft taking off on the line AF2162 (Air France) to Paris at 12:35 AM. Arrival in Paris is scheduled for 14:40 AM. Continue the journey to Beijing on the line AF126 at 19:00. Meals during the flight. 2nd Day: BEIJING After landing in Beijing are scheduled to 10:50 pm and the performance of customs formalities organized transportation to the hotel. Going to visit the Temple of Heaven Tiantan which is the symbol of Beijing&#39;s most important shrine of the Chinese empire. In the afternoon, go to the Silk Market (Xiu Shui).
 Dinner at local restaurant. Going to the hotel and overnight. Optional suggest going to the Beijing opera (pay on the spot). Day 3: Beijing After breakfast, go on a trip to the Great Wall of China at Badaling area (about 60 km from Beijing), the largest set structure in the world, 6000 kilometers long. On the way to the Great Wall to stop photographing the &quot;Bird&#39;s Nest&quot; and &quot;Water Cube&quot; building made for the Olympics held 2008th Year. After lunch (included) followed by tour of famous royal tombs of the Ming Dynasty (1368th-1644th). Walk along the Way of St with gigantic marble human and animal characters that kept the burial area of the emperors of the Ming Dynasty. Back in Beijing, and for dinner known Chinese delicacy: Pekin duck in a typical Chinese restaurant. Overnight at the hotel. Day 4: Beijing - Xi&#39;An After breakfast and checking out, going to the largest square in the world, Tian An Men, which covers 40 hectares.
 Guong A tour of the Forbidden City, the ancient imperial residence of the Ming Dynasty and Qing purple and surrounded by high walls and one of the largest imperial palace in the world. Then transfer to airport and flight departure to Xi&#39;an. Upon arrival in Xi&#39;an at the hotel. Dinner at local restaurant. Optional suggest going to a cultural-historical epic devoted to the Tang Dynasty (payment on the spot). Overnight. Day 5: Xi&#39;an After breakfast tour of the city of rich history, also known under the name of Eternal Peace. We will visit the ancient Buddhist shrine - Big Wild Goose Pagoda, Drum Tower, visit the local mosque, walk the walls of the Ming dynasty and city streets. After lunch trip to the mausoleum of Emperor Qin Shi Huang Di, 6000 where the clay statues of warriors and horses in real size keeps the eternal peace of the mysterious Emperor. Dinner at local restaurant. Back to the hotel and overnight.
 Day 6: Xi&#39;an - Hangzhou Breakfast and after checking out the school&#39;s transfer to the airport. Departure of aircraft to Hangzhou, a city located south of Shanghai. When Marco Polo in the 13th century, traveled through Hangzhou, described him as one of the most beautiful places in the world due to its shores rich in temples and pavilions. Going to visit pagodas Six harmonies, will drive the boat on the lake, visit the Ling Yin Temple. After dinner back at the hotel. Overnight. Day 7 Hangzhou - Suzhou - Shanghai After breakfast checkout. Bus ride north to the city of Suzhou, about 180 km away. It is a city with several million inhabitants, built in 514th BC. They call it the Venice of the Chinese because it lies on the water, and is rich in traditional Chinese gardens, pagodas and temples. Going to the city tour, visit one of the most beautiful classical gardens and silk factory, where you will be familiar with the traditional method of preparation and production of thread and fabric.
 Possibility of buying the original products of silk. Drive to Shanghai. Dinner. Accommodation at the hotel. Overnight. Day 8: Shanghai After breakfast, go to the Jin Mao Tower, which is the symbol of Shanghai and China&#39;s economic development. After the view from a height will come down to the river Huangpu at which you can take junk and enjoy a different view of the magnificent Bund and the futuristic Pudong, part of which lies Lujiazui financial and commercial zones, and fascinating Oriental Pearl Tower. Dinner at local restaurant after which you have the option facultative going to play the world famous acrobats (pay on the spot). Back to the hotel. Dinner and overnight. 9.dan: Shanghai Breakfast at the hotel. Leaving the Garden of Mandarin Yu fortune was built 450 years ago, a true oasis of peace. Then follows the departure of a tour of the Jade Buddha Temple with two giant Buddha statues in sitting and supine position.
 Ride the Bundu who is regarded as a symbol of Shanghai&#39;s colonial past, we continue walking down the street Nanjing Lu, the commercial life blood of the city. Drive to the French quarter which is now very popular &quot;Xin Tian Di.&quot; Free time for their own programs to dinner. Overnight at the hotel. 10.dan: SHANGHAI - Paris - Zagreb After breakfast checkout. Shuttle to the airport. Sign in for your flight to Paris on the line AF117 at 11:35 PM. Arrival in Paris is scheduled for 17:10 AM. Continue travel to Zagreb at 19:20 PM. Arrival in Zagreb is scheduled at 21.30 hours. Completion of travel. Price per person in double room: 29.10.2010.: 10 690 EUR Single room: 1590 EUR 13.5.2011., 16.6.2011.: 10 990 EUR Single room: 1,700 EUR Additional payment: Airline fees (paid when booking travel ): 2.700 EUR visa for China (Payment when booking travel): from EUR 250 Tips (pay on site) 30 EUR OPTIONAL EXCURSIONS (payment on the spot): The Beijing opera: 20 EUR Tang Show: 20 EUR Acrobatic Show: 20 EUR Price Maglev train tickets 12 EUR (price information) All prices are informative and depend on availability of seats.
 Price includes: transport aircraft on the route Zagreb - China - Zagreb, internal flight Beijing - Xian - Hangzhou, accommodation in 4 * hotel in Beijing on the basis of 2 nights with breakfast, accommodation in Xi&#39;an in 4 * hotel based on 2 nights with breakfast accommodation in Hangzhou in 4 * hotel based on 1 bed and breakfast accommodation in Shanghai in 4 * hotel based on 3 nights with breakfast, dinner and 8 1 lunch on a trip to the Chinese wall, return transfers from airport to hotel transportation between cities as stated, entrance fees for facilities to be visited, the local guide in each city, escort travel from Zagreb, organization and preparation of travel and travel health insurance. Not included: airline fees, visa for China, a mediator of obtaining visas, extra meals, gratuities, trip cancellation insurance and everything else that is not listed under &quot;price includes&quot;. NOTE: Fees airports are subject to change and the final amount of the fee shall be confirmed on the date of issuing airline tickets.
 Atlas Airtours reserves the right to change prices if the exchange rate. The Agency reserves the right to change flights and programs. MINIMUM NUMBER OF PASSENGERS REPORTED: 15 USEFUL INFORMATION ABOUT CHINA: Official name: Republic of China. Capital: Beijing. Official language: Mandarin Chinese, English (very scarce and hard to understand) Time difference: +6 / +7 in respect of Croatia Currency: Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY), abbreviated call it Yuan. Voltage: 220/240 V Visa: Required. Price visa from 250 EUR, minimum 7 days required for obtaining a visa. Service mediation Atlas Airtours 100 kn. Need 1 photo, a completed form, passport (which must be valid at least 6 months of commencement of travel. Embassy in Zagreb. Vaccinations: not required Country code: +86 Mobile phones: All networks generally operate in Beijing and Shanghai, if you expect a lot of calls it pays to buy a Chinese card Climate: subtropical in the south, to subarctic in north.
 Clothes and shoes: a comfortable and lighter clothing, umbrella or raincoat, comfortable walking shoes Purchase: souvenirs, items of jade, silk, clothes DIY: Make sure you drink bottled water, food is varied, traditional Chinese cuisine with lots of vegetables and meat Combined with rice and sauces, desserts and breads are on offer and the amount as in Europe. Temperature: daily temperatures from April to June were in the range of 20 to 30 degrees, and at night can drop to 7 degrees. Tweet
 