1.Opći review of the Croatian Parliament adopted a new law on excise duties, which will come into force on 1 January 2010. year. The new law applies to alcoholic beverages, including beer, energy (including natural gas and coal) and electricity, and tobacco and tobacco products. The new law introduces an entirely new system of taxation of these products, largely adapted to the laws of the European Union. Certain provisions will become applicable Croatian accession to the European Union. The law covers the legal definition of excise products, as well as provisions governing their manufacture, their storage, movement and control over them. The most important change to make provisions for the legal system provided for deferred payments of excise duty. 2.Nastanak calculation of excise duties by law, the obligation to pay excise duty arises at the time of release of excise goods for consumption on or off from the system of deferred payments of excise duty, which was established under the provisions of law as a taxable event.
 Excise taxes are usually paid within thirty days from the date of appointment. 3.Trošarinski bonds under the provisions of law, liable to pay excise taxes are Registered and occasionally registered recipients of excise goods, excise agents and recipients of excise goods on which excise duty has been paid in another EU Member State and the obligation to calculate and pay excise duty arises in Croatia, will become excise taxpayers in Croatia after its accession to the European Union. 4.Kretanje excise products under suspension movement of excise products under suspension of payment of excise duty is allowed only with an accompanying excise document (abbreviated: PTD), unless some other law or regulation not otherwise provided. 5.Obračunavanje, presentation and recording of excise Excise taxpayers are required to submit daily and monthly reports to the competent customs and excise keep prescribed records on the operations of excise products.
 6.Registracija taxpayers paying excise taxes on tobacco products, alcoholic beverages, beer and oil products according to the laws now on the special tax will be liable to excise and to the provisions of this Act shall not later than 31 January 2010. The submitted application for registration of excise taxpayers. The application must be submitted to the competent customs office or residence of the taxpayer. Manufacturing, wholesale and similar warehouses that are already operating in accordance with applicable regulations, may continue to operate as an excise warehouse, provided that the holders warehouse outcomes of statutory authorization no later than 31 March 2010. year. Limitation of Liability The purpose of the company Deloitte Advisory Services Ltd. (Deloitte) these materials and information that they may contain general information on a particular subject or subjects, and these materials do not constitute an exhaustive elaboration of these themes.
 Accordingly, information from the materials do not constitute professional advice or services of audit, tax, legal, investment, advisory or other areas. This information is not intended as the sole basis for decisions which may affect you or your business. Before making any decision or taking any action that might affect your personal finances or your business, svakakako consult a qualified professional consultant. These materials and the information they contain, are given as they are, and Deloitte makes no express or implied warranties in connection with the materials or information they contain. Without limiting the foregoing, Deloitte does not warrant that the materials or information contained in them does not contain any errors that meet specific criteria of performance or quality. Deloitte expressly disclaims all implied warranties, including, without limitation, warranties relating to merchantability, title, fitness for a particular purpose, correctness in relation to laws, regulations and other regulations, compatibility, security and accuracy.
 These materials and the information they contain, use at your own risk and you assume full responsibility and risk for losses that may arise from their use. In connection with the use of these materials and information they contain, Deloitte shall not be liable for any special, indirect or consequential damages or punitive damages, whether in contract, građanskopravnoj legal basis, including, but not limited to, negligence, or under any other basis. Notice remains in force in the event that any of the foregoing, for any reason, is not entirely applicable law.
 