24.09.2010. / 09:10 Author: Deutsche Welle Video: Ahmadinejad provoked a scandal in the UN &quot;The United States alone carried out 11 attacks September &#39;Even during the speech the Iranian president is more delegations, primarily Western countries, left the hall for a meeting. It turns out that Ahmadinejad has a booth every year, the United Nations used to charge - last year it attacked Israel on the Iranian president during a speech in one hand he held the Koran, the Bible in the other (Reuters) After pomirljivih words Barack Obama, the atmosphere is expected speech his Iranian counterpart. He not only did not accept the hand of reconciliation, but the rostrum of the UN used the incoherent conspiracy theories. Just hours after U.S. President Barack Obama to the General Assembly of the United Nations said that Iran &quot;the door open for a diplomatic solution - if Iran wants to use,&quot; the speaker&#39;s organization of the World came and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad.
 He not only accepted the hand of reconciliation which he had offered Obama, but before the assembled statesmen publicly accused Washington that the cabinet &quot;itself organized a terrorist attack of September 11&quot; and how to &quot;know the majority of the citizens of America and other nations and politicians &quot;. United States are these &quot;self-destructive attacks wanted&quot; to revive its economy and strengthen supervision over the Middle East. &quot; Already during Ahmadinejad&#39;s speech was more of delegations, primarily Western countries, left the hall for a meeting. It turns out that Ahmadinejad has a booth every year, the United Nations used to charge - last year it attacked Israel. The U.S. President is the new charges as &quot;disgusting and offensive,&quot; especially because of the relationship that Americans care for the victims of the attack. Word of the President of Iran condemned the statesmen of other countries, and German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle believes that these false accusations missed a great opportunity to dispute over Iran&#39;s nuclear ambitions resolved amicably.
 