The breakthrough of the last meter in 57 km-long railway tunnel Gotard Databases (Gotthard Base), which is cursed as a triumph in the effort to preserve nature and as a construction project without equal, was officially scheduled for tomorrow. Giant boring machines named Sisi tomorrow will be to bite the last meter of rock that stands in the way of creating the longest tunnel in the world. The tunnel is worth 10 billion dollars through massive Gotard, along the way to Italy. It is part of a larger project on the transfer of transportation of goods from trucks to railways, initiated primarily fear that heavy trucks are destroying alpine prejsaž. Swiss voters, who pay over 1,300 euros each to finance the project, approved the construction of a series of referendums in nearly two decades, and I&#39;ll wait another few years before the tunnel is ready for rail traffic. The general belief is that money well spent, although it will be after 23 years of the new tunnel to shorten trains travel between northern Europe and Italy for only one hour.
 In a referendum 1994th The winning proposal is that the number of trucks crossing the Alps is limited to 650 000 per year. About 1.2 million trucks now thundering through the Swiss mountains, endangering rare plants and animals and helps to erosion, which is the greatest enemy of the Alps. To protect our mountains, the Swiss have decided to implement the plan, over 60 years instead of simply prohibiting foreign trucks pass through zemlju.Kada 2017th was to be open to traffic, the tunnel will Gotar Base with the first of the longest in the world to replace Japan&#39;s Seikan tunnel 53.6 kilometers long and allow millions of tons of goods transported rapidly through the Alps. An additional 14 billion dollars will be spent on a series of short tunnels and rail connections to fast track, which will provide high-speed trains from Germany teaching through Switzerland to Italy trip of 250 miles per hour. About 13 million cubic meters of stone extracted from the mountain was used for reconstruction of alpine lakes vulnerable gravel extraction, and hot water, which runs deep under the mountains and can reach 50 degrees Celsius, will be used for fish farms.
 