World of chaos, the opportunities are great, the old motto of the late Chinese leader Mao Tse Tung, but today it no longer applies to Mao&#39;s communist-capitalist China, which is Embracing capitalism became more interested in peace and stability of all other countries in the environment, but for North Korea, China&#39;s playful and unpredictable younger sister. When a few weeks ago in Pyongyang, Kim Jong-un, the youngest of three sons of the current North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il, was inaugurated in the future North Korean leader, the world is desperately trying to answer the question what will be the ruler of the state in which, the last communist kingdom in the world, power is transferred from father to son. But mystery has always been a feature of North Korean regime. Group for pleasure, however, it is known that Kim Jong-una current North Korean dictator Kim Jong-ilo was born a member of najuzornijih &quot;group for pleasure&quot;.
 This is a women&#39;s group, which is the only concern of happiness and cheer the great leader, which is in North Korea there is a special party document, which prescribes exactly how women should be selected which will henceforth be responsible for &quot;good luck&quot; great leader. So every year, party officials visit school in search of the most promising members&#39; group for pleasure &quot;. Girls who chooses to become responsible for different aspects of satisfaction with the great leader. One such are classified as massage and one for the song and dance. In that group was and Ko Young-hee, the mother of a future North Korean leader Kim Jong-una recently promoted to the North Korean army generals. Not even the most informed analysts of North Korea&#39;s regime has not penetrated the Ko Young-hee ever been married to Kim Jong-il, but we know that she died six years ago, although the cause of her death remains unknown.
 Kim Jong-un educated in Switzerland and the testimony of their fellow students was quite an ordinary young man who is in no way differed from most of their schoolmates. Permanent War, however, Kim Jong-un, however is different. This is a young man in charge to continue their lives sjevernokorejskoj dictatorship, which was in power in the criminal clique that Swiss banks, it is assumed that owns billions of dollars. Apart from an obscure militant regime, ruthless towards his subjects, but also nesmiljenog to the outside world, with which it is in a permanent state of war, Kim Jong-un from his father inherited the atomic bomb. The boy with the atomic bomb, as they called it, was last Tuesday, along with his seriously ill father, reassure those who are in the world are hoping that a Swiss student of Kim Jong-un may be reformist or a man of dialogue. Shelling of South Korean islands near the border between the two Koreas was his initiation.
 But as long as it was shocking, this is not about any kind of precedent, but rather on the continuity. These and similar incidents over the past decade before the rule than the exception. In quite a similar situation as the current crown prince was young and his father, Kim Jong-il, as in 1994. sudden death of his father Kim Il-sung, who is from the Second World War continuously ruled North Korea. Leading to Milosevic&#39;s principle of &quot;if you do not know that we do, we know that we were fighting,&quot; the North Korean leader Kim Jong-il tried in constant war rivalry with South Korea develop nuclear weapons to compensate South Korean obvious economic superiority. The North Korean government for the first time yet 1985th promised to sign an agreement on nonproliferation of nuclear weapons in 1991. agreed to receive the inspectors of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA). But Kim Il-sung is still ultimately rejected the agreement until the Americans withdraw their troops from South Korea.
 Play with Americans Such is the game Kim Il-sung constantly played with the Americans, the UN Security Council and the IAEA, accept the agreements, and then trampling them suddenly, prompting the other side of the wall, trying to negotiate the largest possible concessions and rewards for abandoning its nuclear ambitions . While the security of South Korea at all times guarantee the Americas, which is 1953. signed the agreement on the defense of South Korea, in a constant game of easing tension and Kim Il-sung, even at one point offered the South Korean negotiations on reunification. But such an outcome was not realistic, as never took off even from Pyongyang and Seoul accepted the idea of the free economic zone. After Kim Il-Sung&#39;s death prompted President Clinton continued to press his successor, Kim Jong-il and North Korea once again agreed to suspend construction of new reactors to produce plutonium that Pyongyang needed for the production of nuclear bombs, in exchange for concessions on other areas: oil and the abolition of trade sanctions and the establishment of diplomatic relations.
 However, the North&#39;s tactics even then it is not significantly changed. Every time the North Korean regime felt disappointment because it is not expected rewarded for giving up its nuclear program, IAEA inspectors back would be denied entry into the country, a nuclear ambitions would be restored. That&#39;s exactly what happened this time. Shocking message only the day before the artillery fire on the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong U.S. nuclear scientist Siegfried S. Hecker published his impressions of the highly sophisticated North Korean uranium enrichment program and hundreds of centrifuges which, according to U.S. scientists, &quot;acted very well in any American plant. That the message would not remain misunderstood, artillery attacks on South Korean island of North Korea sent the world another shocking message that it is ready for anything. Even at first glance it appeared to be in imminent Armageddon, since it was at the scene of all that is necessary for him: a failed state with nuclear weapons, instability caused by the transfer of criminal power from father to son.
 There are also the world&#39;s superpower, America and China, behind the conflicting Korea, which in turn connects both sides, decades of hatred and a strong hostility. However, such an apocalyptic developments it is at least unlikely. Although Americans are reported to stand &quot;shoulder to shoulder&quot; with its South Korean ally, and in restless Yellow Sea have already sent the aircraft carrier George Washington and several other warships, which along with South Koreans to resume joint military exercises by the Sjevernokorejci abruptly stopped Tuesday&#39;s attack Americans are not preparing for war with North Korea. The child eagerly attention to Pyongyang were again felt frustrated and left out because President Obama, who was recently on the Asian tour, completely neglected nuclear North Korea. Now it is North Korea, in her usual way she said that nuclear power is considered to be at any price not want to relinquish the title.
 North Korea, forcing the Americans to renew šestostranih negotiations on North Korea&#39;s nuclear program, seeking new concessions and rewards najneugodniju prejudice to the position of his sole sponsor - China. Biggest Asian, and soon maybe even a world power, strives to expand its political influence in the world, although it now shows that China is unable to suppress his or bad student and neighbor. But Beijing insists on the patronage of the North Korean regime, even bizarre, in the recent transfer of power to Kim Jong-calculated, because the panic fear an outbreak of Americans on their border, which would be the collapse of North Korea&#39;s happened. A North Korean boy, like all children, again requiring attention. Although the world may be surprising because of the way Kim Jong-un communicate with the world, what he do? In visokomilitariziranoj completely isolated country like North Korea, which 20 percent of its budget spent on the army, ruled by famine, if there is a young dictator, but bombs, anything else available? Conflict on the 38th of the Worlds
 parallel North Korea, with its 24 million inhabitants has one of the most populated world armies. The North Korean military has 1.2 million troops, which should be joined by eight million members of the reserve. South Korea has twice the population of its northern neighbors, while the regular part of the army under arms holds almost 700 000 soldiers, while in case of need can count on another four million reserve troops. Even in conventional weapons Sjevernokorejci have the advantage, with four thousand tanks, 2,500 oklopnjaka, almost 20 000 artillery tubes and 620 military aircraft. However, it is a largely outdated arsenal, which mainly consists of weapons of Soviet manufacture, such as T-55 tanks, which have long since been dropped from use in most countries. Conventional forces in South Korea, however, has 2500 tanks, nearly three thousand armored vehicles, 10 000 guns and 490 military aircraft, although in most cases, a more contemporary weapons than that located in warehouses in the north.
 