Israeli Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas will once again be available for two weeks, probably in Egypt, to continue peace talks on the Middle East. The meeting will be attended by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. To them, the task will not be easy, testify and present protests in Iran where they demonstrated against what stood out the occupation of Palestine by Israel iprotiv U.S. policy in the Middle East. At the heart of Teheran brought together a large number of demonstrators who shout &quot;Death to Israel&quot;, &quot;Death to America&quot;. Carrying Palestinian flags and cartoons with the image of Barack Obama. Sharp says it expects during prayers at Tehran University. In Iran, marking the Day of Solidarity with the Palestinians, which was established as the Day of Jerusalem 1979th, Ayatollah Khomeini. The authorities are behind this protest, and during the last year, President Ahmedinajad said that &quot;the existence of the Zionist state disgrace to human dignity&quot;.
 Your JavaScript turned off or an old version of Adobe Flash Player. Download the latest version of Flash Player. The protests in Tehran, 3 But in September 2010 during last year&#39;s &quot;Jerusalem Day&quot; in parallel with progovernment demonstrations were held anti-government demonstrations in which the protests against the disputed victory in presidential elections Ahmedinajada. This year, the official Teheran has taken certain steps to prevent such demonstrations. In recent days, hardliners were besieging the house of opposition leader Mehdia Karrubija, and last night they tried to forcibly enter the house. Karubijev son who at the time of the attack was in the house for our radio said he had appealed to ajtolaha Khamneia. &quot;They were attacking, shouting that they are willing to execute his orders. Set fire to the front door. They wanted to break into the house, but they were fathers bodyguards stop shooting. I think some of them wounded.
 Nakontoga prisljeni were to withdraw. &quot; Karubiju threatened with death. At the beginning of the week Karubijeva wife sent an open letter to supreme leader Ayatollah Khameneiu accusing him of encouraging violence against her husband. Those familiar with the situation say that the situation in Iran and the fact that Tehran has every year closer to building an atomic bomb, to be really hard to achieve ultimate peace in the Middle East. Senator Scott Brown in the article published by today&#39;s &quot;Wall Street Journal highlights how important it is to continue to support direct talks the Israelis and Palestinians, but warns that we should not lose sight of who poses a threat to real peace in the Middle East. &quot;Iran is the leading country in sponsoring terrorism and arming the Nuclear Arsenal&quot; concludes Brown in the authors&#39; article in the Wall Street Journal ..
 **** Might get you interested, and these texts: Washington: The Israeli-Palestinian Talks New Hope for Middle East
 