Pakistan is located in southern Asia, in the northwest Indian subcontinent. Its area is 796 095 km2 and has around 145 million inhabitants (excluding areas of Jammu and Kashmir). About 95% of the population are Muslims, the official language is Urdu and English, and the capital Islamabad. The climate is desert and Semi-arid and mountainous in the north. Thanks to relief, Pakistan abounds in sandy beaches along the Arabian Sea, mountains and peaks among which is the second highest peak K2 in the world, deserts, forests, pastures and fields. Pakistani cuisine is generally characterized by very broad and imaginative use of many spices that are added almost every jelima.Glavna economic activity is agriculture, and less developed animal husbandry and fisheries, textile and food industries. Pakistan is famous for producing sports equipment, balls and special equipment for riding and making traditional rugs. The historical development of Indo-European peoples moved to the area of present-day Pakistan around 1500 g.
 pr. Kr. And about 120 BC. Kr. immigrated from Afghanistan Shiti creating Kushan state. Around the year 711 by the Arabian Sea come Arabs conquered Sind and spread Islam. 1206. Mr Pakistan today became part delhijskog sultanate. In the colonial period, the area comes under the East India Company. 1858th Mr British government established the colony of British India, 1940. Mr Muslim League requires its division and the establishment of the state of Pakistan. After a bloody religious conflict, 1947. Mr proclaimed the independence of Pakistan. The following is the dispute over Kashmir, and three wars with India, and civil war in 1971. Mr resulted in secession of eastern Pakistan. 1973rd Mr accept the new constitution and economic restoration begins. Combination of circumstances marked the recent history of Pakistan&#39;s political instability and military coups, which significantly slow down the process of democracy and economic progress. Cuisine Though Pakistani cuisine is the best developed under the strong influence of Indian cuisine, but also Afghan, and Turkish and Iranian cuisine, it is still sufficiently different, separate and distinct.
 Pakistani cuisine is regional and varies within its borders, and mainly depends on the cultural specificities and characteristics of climate in the province was created. But no matter what, there are fewer or greater differences, Pakistani cuisine is generally based on seasonal vegetables, grains, legumes, rice, fruit, meat, milk, yogurt and spices. Although the kitchen in the south, particularly the province of Sind, as well as large parts of the province of Punjab are very seasoned, and northwestern and northern areas, even a very mild, Pakistani cuisine is generally characterized by very broad and imaginative use of many spices that are added almost all the dishes. Various fresh and dried spices such as cardamom, turmeric, paprika, pepper, cumin, coriander, anise, saffron, bay leaves, nutmeg, cinnamon, cloves, allspice, mustard seeds, and onion, garlic and ginger, poppy seeds and mix as the curry, add the number of meat dishes, vegetables and fruits.
 Furthermore, the distinctive cuisine of Pakistan and the different types of meat (compared with India are eating more meat!), Lamb, beef, poultry meat, and fish, which are stored in different ways, deep-fried, grilled or stewed with vegetables in sauce. Fish and seafood eaten in the coastal province of Sind and Beludžistan, Makran and the Arabian Sea and the Indus delta. In the desert of Beludžistana eating meat stored on the grill, so this region known for its barbecue method sajji whole lamb in a deep hole in the ground. In the province of Punjab where the meat is among the chicken and fish, marinated in yogurt and spices, and stored in a special tandoori clay ovens that are heated with charcoal. Punjab is known for its meat deep-fried in a karahi, very heavy and deep metal container similar to a wok. Seasonal vegetables in the broadest use of potatoes, cabbage, okra (okra), chickpeas, peas, spinach, cucumbers, cauliflower, and fruit, mango, papaya, melon, apricot, pomegranate, apple and dates chiku fruit flavor and texture of kiwi.
 Many fruits, especially watermelon eaten with a pinch of salt to soften the sweetness. The fruits are preparing sauces that are eaten with the meat and vegetables, your favorite chutney or relish that adds a lot of spices. Is widely used in dried fruits (dates, apricots, prunes and raisins) and nuts, almonds, pistachios, which are used for seasoning meat, vegetables and rice and store various desserts. The cuisine of Pakistan are widely used grains of which are stored various kinds of bread, lepinja, rice and legumes, especially lentils and chickpeas. Pakistani cuisine is also known by the use of milk, yogurt and especially (DAI), which is used for cooking and marinating, a drink and diluted with water. In addition to yogurt, meat is marinated with lemon juice or lime and papaya, and for cooking and frying are used vegetable oil from peanuts, sesame seed oil and ghee, refined butter. Everyday Food is interesting that in Pakistan the morning meal, Nihar (Nihar - the morning) and midday almost indistinguishable and are very abundant and consist principally of the same foods, vegetables, meat, bread and rice.
 Therefore, and quite common for breakfast casseroles with vegetables and meat. For breakfast will be saved and sugary foods usually stuffed dough fried in deep oil. Among the favorite meals are different everyday curry, vegetable casseroles with meat or just vegetables that are prepared with yogurt and curry blend that contains up to twenty different dried ground spices including pepper, turmeric, chilli, cloves, cinnamon, cardamom, saffron, cumin, coriander, nutmeg, and ginger pimet. There are many dishes of grilled meat, various kinds of kebabs of beef, lamb, mutton and poultry meat dumplings deep-fried, also of different types of meat and spices. As a rule, with each dish to serve bread or various types of lepinja, and with many and also very popular boiled or fried rice. Rice that is cooked yogurt and meat sauce, is often added to dried raisins, various nuts, particularly almonds.
 On a daily basis, many different types of bread, or bread that is baked in a shallow grave iron pans (Tawau). Among the favorite species is chappati, thin, round unleavened lepinja, naan, a round lepinja of leavened dough and taftan lepinja with yeast flavored with saffron and cardamom. As is traditionally eaten without utensils, widespread and Kandahar naan, dugoljasta lepinja whose pieces broken off right hand food, vegetables, meat and sauce in their mouths. Traditionally eaten with the right hand because the left is considered unclean for a low round table while sitting on the floor. At the table at all times have special treatment oldest family members that are always served first is the best food. However, as the Pakistanis and very hospitable people, if they are at the table, then the first turn, however guests. Pakistan&#39;s national drink is a chai tea, especially Kashmiri chai, a special kind of tea with milk laced with pistachios and cardamom.
 In the northern part of Pakistan to drink tea with salty butter ghee. Pakistanis enjoy and lassi, yogurt thinned with water or crushed ice, which is traditionally salted drinks for lunch or dinner, and sweetened breakfast. Favored and freshly squeeze juices from various fruits and especially Rooh afza fruit syrup with water or milk and Nimbu paani drink of fresh lime juice, sugar, salt, soda water and crushed ice. In Pakistan and thandal to drink, a drink made of milk and fresh almond paste and Sharbat, a drink made from a variety of fruit, especially apples, mango, watermelon and pomegranate. To store food in their homes are in charge of women. In Pakistan the popular small dishes, such as meat and vegetables grilled on thick pita bread and stuffed dough fried in deep oil, which is just like the drinks sold on the streets. But, unfortunately, in Pakistan are a variety of foods, especially meat, but for example, eggs, and fruits and desserts, as well as several meals a day can only afford najimućnije family.
 Human consumption in rural and poor urban areas is mainly based on a more modest meals affordable food, especially seasonal vegetables, wheat and rice and bread. Meat and desserts, including fruit, even on their plates only on special occasions, for religious holidays, vacations and family reunions. But many are so poor that the meat and desserts can be eaten only if they have it, which is ingrained custom, rich gifts. Otherwise in Pakistan is about 20% of the population, and even about 50% of children aged under five years of age underfed. But besides the problem of food and drinkable water for nearly 50% of the population does not live in hygienic conditions and no drinking water. Holiday Food Special attention is given to food during the Ramadan or Ramadan, the holy month in which Muslims are commanded to strict post so from dawn to dusk banned all food and beverages, including water. In this period, breakfast before sunrise, and the morning meal (suhur) mainly consists of fruit juice and sweet and low sodium meals based on milk, cereals, dried fruits and nuts, which are slowly digested and held all day feeling full and does not encourage thirst.
 At the time of the sunset post stops and follows the evening meal (iftar), which usually start dates, water, fruit juices or lasijem. Then, at various pastry stuffed with meat or vegetables on the menu and dishes of chicken or lamb. It is customary to organize iftar for relatives and friends, and if you have this family can not afford the food is divided and poor. Post within the last day of the month of Ramadan, which is a holiday called Id al-Fitr (Eid ramadanski) or Eid ul-Fitr. That day was especially festive, relatives and friends visit each other and the host. The best dishes are served festive meat or fish dishes and fruit desserts that are especially for the occasion decorating. Also on great feast, the feast of sacrifice Eid ul Adha, which is in Pakistan in Urdu called the Bakr Id is common to every family that you can afford it (usually these are the ones who can afford two meals a day!), Sacrifice a goat (a Bakri), a sheep, cow or camel.
 As is usual in other special occasions which are traditionally sacrifice animals (for example, and for success in the stock market!), The meat is divided into three equal parts, one is given to friends and relatives, others are giving to the poor, and the third is set to family members. For a religious holiday Shab-e-Barat, which the faithful are preparing for Ramadan, and seek forgiveness for their sins, saved various sweet dishes, such as Halwa, which is also specially decorated. Relatives and friends visit each other and exchanged sweets and desserts, which is as it is commonly shared by the poor. In addition to family celebrations for religious holidays, the food has a specific role in the family festivities, which includes lots of different ceremonies. For example, desserts are shared in celebrating Azan, childbirth, while aqeeqa on the occasion of the celebration, which organizes the 40th day after birth when the baby was named by his grandfather in the tradition of giving, to sacrifice two boys and a girl for a goat.
 As the ceremony includes shaving the child&#39;s head, a wealthy family that day the poor than meat and dessert, pay and silver, which weighs as much as the child&#39;s hair. The ceremony is when the child reaches the age of six or seven months, when the brothers, sisters and cousins birthday little silver spoon in his mouth by putting a bit of kheer, rice pudding, which ends with the dinner. The festivities, which include the division of candy in addition to every birthday (saalgirah) organized and when the child reaches the age of 4 years, 4 months and 4 days, or when they are ready for learning to read the Koran (bismillah). Family celebrates 10th year of age, or when it finishes with the first reading of the Koran (amine), and when he reaches the 12th year and the first time for Ramadan fasting (roza kushai). In Pakistan, are particularly festive and colorful traditional marriage preceded by a fortnight and the young beauty. The day before the wedding for a woman to maintain party henna (mehndi Rasmi e) where after imaging the bride&#39;s hands and feet and fun, singing and dancing, followed by a rich dinner.
 The second day, after the groom, dressed in ceremonial procession with relatives and friends (they want) to come into the house to officially bride wedding (nikah), all participants in exchange for money sharing a glass with fruit juice or sherbet. After the ceremony of marriage, family mladoženjinoj be served a special dessert of dates and unrefined sugar. Then followed a ceremony during which the bride finally removed the veil from the face (MOOH dikhai), and the groom is reflected in the mirror and ritual exchanges piece of sweet fruit. After greetings, the celebrations and gala dinner, followed by a ceremony of forgiveness bride (ruksati) and go to the groom `s house. There a couple in a bowl with milk on a platter seeking the hidden ring because it is considered to be the one who found him to be in the main house. Before we left alone followed by another ceremony in which bride eating rice pudding from the hand of the groom. In some areas of the groom washes the feet of the bride, and the water is poured into the four corners of what brings happiness in marriage.
 Pakistani Urdu Mali food culinary dictionary anise - saunuf; Almond - Badam, banana - Kayla, Bob - do; Flour - Atta, chickpea flour - besan; Pumpkins - bath; cinnamon - Dalchini; black pepper - Kali Mirch, red kidney beans - rajma ; cauliflower - phool gobi; garlic - Lasan; chili - Mirch; dates - khajoor; ginger - adrtak; peas - matar, grapes - Angoor, raisins - kishmish; cashews - kaju; Apple - SAIB; yogurt - dai, cardamom - ilaichi ; Kim - shajeer; clove - Lavang; coconut - narial; Coriander - Dhania; cucumber - kheer, bread - roti, potato - aloo pear - nashpati; maize - Bhutto; Turmeric - Haldi; lens - dal, lemon, lime - lemo ; Melon - tarbooz; onions - pyaaz; pods - toordal; poppy - khuskhus; Mango - Aam; Apricot - khumani; Makhani-Butter, Olive - zetoon olive oil - zetoon to phone, honey - Shahad; meat - gosht; milk - doodh, carrots - Gajar; nutmeg - javitri; Pomegranate - Anar, an orange - Santro, okra (okra) - bhindi walnut - akhrot; pistachio - Runway; vegetables - subzi; Rice - Chawal, rosewater - Gulab ka Urk, sesame - til; chickpeas - chana dal, sweet potatoes - shakarkand; fringe - dahi, salt - Namak, saffron - kesar; Sugar - Cheeni plum - aloobukara; Spinach - Palak; oil - tel; greens - gobhi.
 