At the entrance to the ground tremble from the bass, and the air is buzzing murmur of the crowd which filled the room in semi-darkness that occasionally crosses the beam of a reflector or light effect. In the middle of the gathered mass of the ring, two young men in the ring against one another weigh up, moving slowly and preparing for the showdown. They wear sporty, but not in boxing shorts and a martial equipment: wear ducks shirt, wide tracksuits and baseball caps - one of them upside down. On the ring announcer comes out and presents fighters, accompanied by a loosening of the audience. All is calm at the moment and silences, and then the judicial character thunderous rhythm penetrates the room. Fighters are running and a second bomb turns deadly quick bursts of Rome and ... Yes, you attend the grand final BH Red Bull MC Battle! Sixteen MC-ijev from the whole country will gather in the amphitheater of the Youth Centre in Sarajevo Friday, the 23rd April at 21h, in order to fight one-on-one decide who is right.
 Amphitheater of the Youth odzvanjaće pumping beats and powerful bass that will serve as a base MC-ijev while the Red Bull Ring MC Battle fight to become the best and are looking for a chance to become the new Ra, or Frenkie Woo. How to participate: each MC who wants to participate in the contest, by 15 April will be asked to attach your audio or video at www.myspace.com / redbullmcbattle, and then the address to send e-mail with the following information: name, nickname, which comes from the city and contact phone. Based on the submitted recordings, the jury - composed of Ra, Woo and DJ Soul - will select 16 MC-ijev who will compete in the Grand Final 23rd April in Sarajevo. It is important to note that competition is not exclusive freestyle - and the contestants can participate from the prepared text. &quot;Hip hop battle for Bosnia and Herzegovina&quot; will lead in the amphitheater of the Youth Centre in Sarajevo on Friday, the 23rd April, starting at 21h.
 Programme Manager will be Frenkie, a battle for the charge tracks the DJ Oli. The jury on the final evening will be, as well as the finalists, consisting of: Ra, Woo and DJ Soul. In addition to the title the best, the winner of Red Bull MC Battle as a prize gets to capture video clips produced by production houses Yala from Tuzla. Share:?
 