Hürriyet, Turkey&#39;s largest daily, published the photographs of the ship Mavi Marmara, where on Monday killed nine activists who were in the humanitarian convoy to Gaza. Photos in the article entitled &quot;Tears of commandos&quot; shows two Israeli soldiers were beaten. Civilians and commandos editorial material are provided activists, escaped with minor part of the recordings with their equipment wiped out the army in Israel. Unlike the Jerusalem Post, Israel&#39;s Haaretz newspaper published a photo which stated that the material is removed to special units of the army spared from embarrassment. Haaretz quoted the spokesperson of the army claimed it was proof that &quot;commandos on board were not firing on all around him.&quot; But activists argue that IHH are defended because they are soldiers first opened fire. The same claim and European parliamentarians and journalists who were in the convoy. On the eve of landing 50-odd commandos on board were fired smoke and sound bombs and warning shots.
 New York Times explained that at 4 o&#39;clock in the morning at sea to civilians misinterpreted munition warheads. What followed was a commando assault, fights and gunfire in which the majority of activists killed in head shots. Weapons of activists has been found. UN chief Ban Ki Moon proposed a joint investigation into Turkey, Israel and the United States. Rock band cancels Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu about not revealed. And the Jerusalem Post and Haaretz reported that the ministers of transport and social welfare, suggested changing the blockade of Gaza due to security and political consequences, which means that the government is no longer unique about the continuation of the blockade, which condemned all Western democracies. European agencies and part of the media in Israel reported on a series of protests in Europe against the blockade of Gaza. In Tel Aviv, the protesters clashed in the organization of leftist parties, which are changing the blockade of Gaza and the smoke bombs were thrown, with the right-wing protesters.
 Haaretz writes that the Gaza Strip after Klaxons and Gorillaz his concert in Israel canceled the cult American rock band Pixies. As for Saturday seized the ship Rachel Corrie, DPA reported that the pending release of the activists with him, and among them are some Malaysian parliamentarians.
 