Dudusa of Christopher Coke residents of the poor ghettos of cities in Jamaica out of reverence called &quot;President&quot; or &quot;General&quot;. With good reason, because the 41-year-old drug dealers and arms dealer is considered the most powerful man on the island reggae. And when they try to arrest someone who is at the forefront of the international gang responsible for murders and at least 1000, when he threatens to life in prison, one can expect a smaller outbreak of war. Tivoli Gardens, the slums of Kingston, Sunday&#39;s explosion echoing, lines of police and army are trying to break through barricades of Coke organization Shower Posse, whistling bullets everywhere, and for 60-odd mostly civilians killed is not known whether the innocent citizens or criminals. Messiah Syndrome Escobar Crowds began the moment when the Jamaican Prime Minister Bruce Golding buckled under pressure from the United States and Washington decided to deliver its own nationals accused of trafficking in crack, marijuana, weapons and for a series of murders.
 Application for the extradition of Coke comes, however, even in August, the Prime Minister refused on the grounds that the information on criminal activities Coke collected, &quot;according to the laws of Jamaica, illegal electronic interception.&quot; After months of political pressure at home, Golding has relented and the same time confronted with the wrath of the poor citizens who are considered criminal benefactor - much as was the case narkobossom Colombian Pablo Escobar who was 80-has countless millions of cocaine, except in grandiose kitschy estates, invest in schools, stadiums and all the things which are scarce in poor Colombians. The Prime Minister is now struggling with a small civil conflicts, and to make matters worse, the U.S. ABC him, citing sources from the government, declared a &quot;partner narkolorda persecuted&quot; and announced that Coke helped his center-right party that won power in elections, and Britain&#39;s Independent was even announced that they are gang-related and financial counterpart.
 All of the above government has dismissed as malicious, but perhaps the biggest problem of the official Kingston is that it is a corruption beset the country in which such a thing is not entirely inconceivable. Gangs and police are brutal on the scale of the Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Jamaica among the 182 countries shared 99th place with countries like Bosnia, Zambia and Tonga. To illustrate, Croatia 66th GDP per citizen is only $ 4390 (14 243 in Croatia), a society is highly stratified by class with 20-odd percent of the poor from each other - a child. Due to hopelessness and despair, many young people do not hesitate to become a follower of the &quot;President of Coke,&quot; which leads to unspeakable crime and violence, the only two things that Jamaicans are considered worse than corruption. With 49 murders per 100,000 inhabitants, or nearly 1400 total, Jamaica is the fifth country in the world in the number of murders. Jamaicans have a saying according to which &quot;to be poor means to be a criminal&quot; because the existential despair plunges straight into the youth wing gangs.
 Police response has been fierce, but if it is known that the police killed a year (according to Amnesty International), about 250 people in the shooting, which is an awful lot of points and pulling the trigger on the outside of all international standards, then no wonder even the poorest attitude towards the police and the judiciary nor war Tivoli Gardens in Kingston. The violence of the repressive apparatus once sang, and Bob Marley, but in today&#39;s Jamaica, nothing is sacred, nor its cultural heritage. A few years ago discovered the theft of 80 percent of the national archives with the originals, reggae, ska and rocksteady legend. Rare things are now good to go to the island by all who could be a paradise on earth are tourism (1.3 million foreigners a year and in limited parts of the island) and freedom of media and journalists, making it Jamaica, between the U.S. and the Czech Republic even 23rd The best on the list of Reporters Without Borders (Croatia is only 78, surrounded by Nicaragua, Montenegro and the Central African Republic).
 While the rest of the Jamaican drug and weapons circulate freely to and from Haiti, Africa and South America to the United States, tourists are protected in the separate resorts in the north, a truly free media, which relentlessly criticize the government, politicians and economic elite, one of the main guarantee that even in such elections in the country krkljancu flow without major problems and free.
 