Not even for luxury properties such as the Monte Carlo is not certain that will not fade fare better than to invest in brick in the stock, was the key sentence in Italy. Parents have invested in apartments in order to ensure a future for children. And in the U.S. have been permanent dwellings value. With the mortgage already paid or still outstanding apartment were able to get loans to buy cars, travel, etc., or for consumer goods. Now it becomes flat and durable goods. So it will be in the U.S. at least the next 20 years, and it seems that in Europe the fall of the value of homes, or to become a place of residence, and not safe for keeping money from inflation or a risky investment on the stock market. Ownership of the property will no longer have the same value that it had in the past 50 years, wrote the New York Times, citing the analysis of economists on the real estate market. Dean Baker, director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research (Center for Economic and Policy Research), said it will take decades before the housing prices will once again reach the level that had 2005th
 and still lost. Disappeared 6000 billion in housing prices &quot;burned&quot; is 6000 billion dollars, or so the wealth of individuals has gone up in smoke, just because the value of homes fell. Baker believes that could lead to more serious situations with real estate in the United States. The vast mass of unsold flats in the U.S. market leads to the conclusion that their prices continue to fall, given that the property market will recover at least a further 20 years, then it is better to sell now at any price rather than wait for a better future. Will completely change the trend emerged after the Second World War when it started buying homes not only to live in them but also for protection money from inflation. Real estate market economist Stan Humphries (Chief Economist for the Internet company&#39;s real estate commission trade Zillow.com) says &quot;there is no economic law according to which the housing price to rise.
 During the housing boom was said that the property market in particular: first, due to lack of space for housing, and, secondly, due to demographic growth, especially for immigrants. But none of the explanations do not stand. &quot; Flats could still have some value if the rise in inflation, but this will not come so soon. Indeed, prices of many goods will fall. Robert Shiller, professor at Yale University in the U.S., which together with economist Nouriel Roubinijem predicted a major economic crisis that occurred 2008th, and the cause of which were housing loans, says flat owners think that the rise in property prices &quot;natural law&quot;, but not so. Announces not only that housing prices will not rise, but could continue to fall. At the post-war housing was influenced by several factors, from the &quot;baby boom&quot; and increase the number of newborns in the period since 1945. to 1965. to extraordinary economic growth, high inflation caused by the energy crisis and demands for wage increases in the seventies.
 In favor of buying apartments they went and tax systems, particularly in the U.S., allowed to costs associated with housing deduction from the tax base. &quot;The experience of generations since the seventies to the nineties, bought the flats will not ever happen again. It was not normal behavior, &quot;said the New York Times economist Barry Ritholtz. Nouriel Roubini, a Turkish economist and professor at New York University, who graduated in economics from Bocconi University in Milan, Italy has just signed a contract with the Italian Institution for Economic Research Ambrosetti and will work together for analysis. Roubini believes that government debt in the U.S. can not grow, or taxes to cover the debt. Problems for Obama See the American administration in a difficult situation because the approaching elections for the restoration of parliament, which will make it difficult for President Barack Obama making decisive measures.
 But Obama has decided to invest in infrastructure. Hoping to reduce unemployment, Obama has launched a plan to invest in major public works, especially in road, valued at $ 50 billion over the next six years. Obama guarantees that those investments will not be increased deficit. &quot; In the next six years will be built 150 000 miles of roads will be restored 4,000 miles of railway lines for super-fast trains, etc. He also announced the establishment of the Bank for investment in infrastructure. While in the U.S. falling value of the flats and stop the real estate market, in Italy the price of flats fell by only about two percent, while the Italians are still borrowing from banks for obtaining housing loans. Whether in Europe flats become assets that are no longer able to call the property, or only for use such as cars, or the old continent will remain in the old ideas of the estate, remains to be seen.
 Surely the only thing that changes everything. Italy Strong growth in borrowing According to the Italian central bank, debit Italian families with banks increased by as much as 20.8%, or more than 100 billion euros in the past year. The amount of loans at banks reached 579.4 billion euros in July, a majority of loans (342.9 billion euros compared to 270.1 billion in July 2009.) Are living.
 