Why does the American justice system is interested in how a German Group operates in countries like Hungary or Vietnam? The answer is clear: as soon as the concern appears on the American Stock Exchange, he can apply U.S. law on combating corruption. And they in turn provide for penalties for bribing officials in all countries of the world. In the list, and Croatia Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The Group headquarters in Stuttgart, has no official information occasion for launching the investigation against Daimler was the testimony of a former associate who is 2004th was addressed by U.S. authorities and told them everything he knew. He reported that Daimler Chrysler, as it was then called the Car Group, has a secret bank accounts in which there is money to pay bribes. He then launched an investigation which resulted in the appointment before the court in Washington, first April this year.
 According to published court documents, the U.S. Department of Justice assumes that the concern over the ten years between the 1998th and 2008., breaks the law on combating corruption. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Who had received bribes in Croatia? Bribes allegedly paid in 22 countries, among which are explicitly mentioned, Croatia, Serbia, Montenegro, Greece, Hungary, Egypt, China, Russia, Thailand, Vietnam ... There seems no word on individual cases, but the usual practice. Potplaćivani mostly officials in governments and administrative bodies that are suodlučivali on the allocation of large deals for which competed Daimler. These are the expenses for bribes then shown as a &quot;special discounts&quot; or &quot;utility costs&quot;. Daimler is conducted by Siemens Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Siemens I paid U.S. authorities alleged that Daimler companies in Germany, and Russia has already recognized these acts, a concern expressed willingness to pay 185 million U.S. dollars the U.S. government to court proceedings were suspended.
 This information has not been officially confirmed. Well informed sources claims that this settlement will be presented at the first court hearing April. Confidential sources revealed that the Daimler lawyers conducted by the case of Siemens. And this is a German concern several years ago for suspected corruption, after which he voluntarily paid 600 million U.S. government and thus avoid the unpleasant legal action. And Daimler has been taught by the experience in the investigation cooperated with U.S. authorities, according to his own allegations, completely changed his way of doing business and mentioned the possible financial risks associated with the trial in the United States in its report for 2009. year. Author: Silke Hasselmann / Andrea Jung Re-Grimm. Editor: Maria Ljubicic
 