The UN Security Council after more than ten hours of debate demanded an investigation into the Israeli action against the fleet of ships on Monday tried to break the Israeli blockade on the Gaza Strip with humanitarian aid. In a statement, the Security Council, whose text after difficult negotiations presented to the public, states that the investigation should be prompt, impartial, credible and transparent. Correspondents graded as VS-statement represents a compromise. Turkey did not want to give up its strong criticism of Israel while the United States, as Israel&#39;s closest ally, tried to alleviate the text of press releases. Israeli army attack on Turkish humanitarian convoy was outraged and angered the entire world, and the more people who claim that Israel is the latest acts of violence himself, scored an own goal and a foreign policy started an avalanche of negative reaction to the government in Jerusalem, which could eventually lead to solving status of the Gaza Strip.
 According to information coming from all over the world, political circles have been saturated with the Israeli arbitrary and violent actions toward the Palestinians in the occupied territories, although it warns that without constant perennial attacks by Palestinian militants on Israeli territory also deserve condemnation. The latest attacks could encourage stronger world pressure on Israel to end blockade of Gaza three years and finally initiate peace talks with the deadlock. The attack was strongly condemned and the 27 member states of the European Union, warning in a statement that there is a real danger of further escalation of conflict in this area. - The European Union called on both sides and all parties to prevent escalation of tensions - according to a statement released by the office of EU High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy Catherine Ashton. Condemning the Israeli use of force, which resulted in numerous casualties, Ashton has requested &quot;an immediate, full and independent investigation into the events and circumstances.&quot;
 Ashton was told that the EU does not support a policy of isolation of Gaza, which is counterproductive and has requested a permanent solution to the area and the immediate opening of border crossings for goods, humanitarian aid and people. All the world media is a news story about a wave of protest gatherings, mostly in front of Israeli embassies around the world, in which the citizens of Germany, Turkey, Greece, USA, Australia, France, Austria, Japan, Sweden, the countries of South America and the Arabian polutotoka spontaneous protest against the violent Israeli policy and continuing to cause chaos in the occupied territories, and require a solution to the problem of the Gaza Strip. BiH citizen detained Embassy of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the State of Israel informed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Bosnia and Herzegovina as the Israeli authorities received confirmation that the passengers convoy of humanitarian aid to the Palestinian population in Gaza was a citizen of Bosnia and Herzegovina Muhamed Yasser Sabagh.
 According to information the Israeli authorities, Mr. Sabagh was detained and is now in jail Ela, in the vicinity of Bar Sheva, in good condition. Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bosnia and Herzegovina Sven Alkalaj immediately ordered BiH Ambassador in Israel Ivana Levi to our citizen provide consular protection and to visit him as soon as possible.
 