Vlade Divac is known OSKRNAVITELJ CROATIAN FLAG Photo: Tinolovka-news/arhiv famous Croatian national team, Drazen Petrovic, our sports Mozart, &quot;Petro&quot; as it was in America, while playing in the NBA, he was called a true leader of the Croatian basketball and the Čosića greatest Croatian basketball player of all time. Glossy Šibenik his way he started in the club then KK Šiibenka. Film director talks about Michaeal Tolajiana prijeteljstvu between Drazen Petrovic and Divac government that was suspended due to Serbian aggression in Croatian (not because of the war) and the savage, primitive behavior of Serbian national team player who once desecrated the Croatian flag, presumably those who have little better to know about memory what we&#39;re talking, of course it was not about Ustasha zastvai, to the white field began flag does not mean that the Ustasha, it is the 1990th At that time, Croatia is still looking for their official flag.
 After all, the Vranković Divac and Petrovic could join the front of the UN. Drazen protesting hunger in the U.S., where Divac? Drazen Petrovic, Vranković (while Dežulović has teeth Thompson) protesting the aggression against Croatia in front of the UN, it was 19 years ago, where Vlade Divac, he destroys a friendship. Usojeli not sit down and talk because it was not possible, the Serbian fascists and communists have caused madness in this part of Europe, unfortunately, one of the athletes and followed them by promoting the criminal regime, can now Alksandar Petrovic, using the legend Drazen, who is talking whatever they want, Drazen was unique and far greater basketball player, leader and man of his brother. Drazen has always made decisions after a well-thought of as engaging, people today want to live in Draženovoj glory, as journalists, as well as part of his family, but the anonymous film directors.
 Completely worthless film that has the primary task - to make any case, not only for specfično &quot;This podnoblje&quot; to break the friendship after you make one side to the other side of the aggression, how friendship is broken after štio nacustička Germany attacked England, it is. unfortunately, quite normal, it is natural for people to stand on one side that is on the bumper civiklizacije, such as the forties were the English and the nineties Croats. Jugonostalgičarski films and their promoters, and they are hungry to earn money and do not realize the charisma Draženovoj nišpta if you claim that the war has destroyed a friendship, friendship Divac and Drazen destroyed when I Divac is not clearly defined by the Greater aggressive policy, as such, the documentary film &quot;Once brothers &quot;(Once Brothers) is completely worthless, and aims to make money. Posthumous reconciliation of Drazen Petrovic, who can not &quot;defend&quot; and the Government of Divac, can only ones who have no respect for anything, that could Drazen wanted and had time to talk with Divac, namely, they both played the outside of their country, Drazen it is not wanted and let it stay there.
 