Catholic Church in England and Wales in the eighties Man decided very interesting ways to increase the number of believers. Began to invest in education and open primary and secondary schools. By the end of the eighties only Anglican schools are able to enter the public education system and to be financed by local communities. It was later changed so that today every religious community may establish a school whose maintenance and funding of staff to take over the local community. The majority of Catholic elementary and secondary schools have become so public schools that can attend all the students who live in the school environment school. Some have decided to remain private (ie, funded solely with the parents and the Church), and so keep the exclusivity and quality. Decide who can attend school, and usually require that parents and children were baptized in the Catholic Church. These schools are really very good reputation, and some parents are willing to go very far to enter a child into your preferred school.
 One among my friends, who had just enrolled your child in one of the private Catholic schools, could not find my certificate of baptism, since it was born in Kenya and was baptized in a local church that could not be found on the Internet, he went to Kenya and there spent a week trying to find the necessary confirmation. His wife was not baptized in the Catholic Church, so he had to get special permission from the bishop Shrewsburyja to enroll a child. Before enrolling with a parent and child (it is a five-year child) spoke a very strict Nun which the task is to discover if parents raise their children in the faith. Thereafter followed a home inspection and by the same nuns. My friend and his wife have put a crucifix in a hallway, kitchen and living room (before the crucifix in these areas was not) to odobrovoljili strict inspector (it is on all of these statements of faith just mentioned that perhaps went too far).
 The child was eventually admitted to the school, parents pay a lot of high tuition fees and drive your child every day 8 miles in the opposite direction from their positions. My question is whether all worth it, he replied that it is by far the best school in environments that can significantly affect the future of the subject child. Catholic schools are otherwise known for their discipline and the best staff, and in this instance it is apparently one among the best schools in the country. Since the school is not part of the public system itself determines the criteria for staffing and curriculum that children follow. Tom very smart education policy, the Church in England and Wales have the title prisluzila Church year, and the only church in Europe, where every year the number of believers is growing steadily, and now apparently in a state already has more practicing Catholics than Protestants. Work and persistence is obviously far arrived.
 However, what is the situation in Croatia? Although no problems have found their primary and secondary schools, and thus increase its influence in society on the soft way, the Church is born of dealing with national issues (just by the way, sister of the Church and the Croats and Slovenes have received a serious leg from the Vatican because they were told that the Pope stands wholeheartedly behind the arbitration agreement and that they must remember that they are part of the universal Church-mail came biranijim few words from a Slovenian Cardinal Franc Rode at the Vatican, after the Church of the Slovenes gave signals that they are against the agreement) than subjects on which it could be the future depend. Catholic elementary schools do not, whereas the only diocesan high school gymnasium where the majority of children are educated to be in a future they see in the priestly vocation. Space and financial resources probably should not be a problem, so this is mostly about the lack of interest.
 This would be educated and elite church problem which would not be something completely away. The first question to ask you (who are parents or will it become in the near or distant future) is how much you are willing to sacrifice for the education of your children. Or, would you be willing to pay tuition, meet the small car, letting the home and living in a small apartment just to enroll your child in school that you know is better than others and may later affect the future of your child? Since I assume that most users of Symantec and the Catholic faithful (with respect to the census), in order to send a child to school by the established Church? If, because so far as lay people are not pressured the church to establish their own schools? Since according to all the research (and the results of matriculation) Croatian public education is one of the best in the world (as it is commonly thought), but was more in the middle and bottom of all tables (of course, the results should be viewed with skepticism, but they are some kind of Indicators).
 I was really surprised many investigative findings, among them the experimental data with a graduation from religious education to more than half of pupils who have joined the graduation did not know the meaning of Sunday (surprised because it is elective in school, and then on the election at the examination , which should mean that they are interested in the subject). So I just care if they now had a child who should enroll in primary school, would you typed in the schools closest to their place of residence or to investigate which schools could (according to different indicators) will be better. Also, if you would advise a child enrolled in secondary school, to read your advice? Why a high school, and not the other? PS This is NOT a discussion about vjerouciteljici the court and its problems (of which discuss the lower daily). Tweet Related Sites More from this user Tags
 