&quot;For a month, in mid-March, the Commission will review the situation and then we will see whether Greece should take additional measures,&quot; said Elena Salgado, Minister of Finance of Spain, a country that chairs the European Union. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Spain&#39;s Finance Minister Elena Salgado and Internal Market Commissioner Michel Barnier &quot;Greeks on Monday (15.2.) Stressed that the EU requirements are taken very seriously and stressed that they are aware of what it&#39;s all in the game. So they started to work together with the European Commission, &quot;said Austrian Finance Minister Josef Proell. But Commissioner Olli Rehn to the economy of Greece for a month, expects new proposals for further savings. This increases the pressure on Greece, which believes that the introduction of additional high taxes on large companies is very close to achieving the goal: that even in this year to reduce budget deficit to four percent.
 For the Greeks, Britons and Swedes have not done enough Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The Swedish Finance Minister Anders Borg Greece has not done enough, however, some finance ministers of member countries are very suspicious: &quot;In our opinion, the Greek government program is not enough. Required additional concrete steps to return confidence to markets, &quot;said Swedish Finance Minister Anders Borg said, adding that to control the Greek budget and economic policy should take its role and the IMF. Additional steps of the Greek government to return vjerodostojosti search not only for Sweden and the United Kingdom. When asked what has been taken by the European Commission about signs that the U.S. banks with their financial activities concealed Greek budget deficit and whether the investigation of water and some other countries Commissioner Olli Rehn said: &quot;We have launched an investigation on this issue and if it proves that used these techniques with other members, not only in Greece, then we will seek information from the affected countries.
 According to information I received from the European statistics office, Eurostat, has no indication for cases in other states, &quot;Reh said. He stressed that this information should still check because the investigations are at a very early stage. Are there ethics in Banking? Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: chief eurozone Juncker and the new Commissioner for Economy and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn Rehn is quoted former U.S. trade minister and former head of U.S. Central Bank of Henry Paulson: &quot;He stressed the need for ethics and seriousness on business and banking. It is a powerful message which I hope will be applied in the banking business, &quot;concluded the Commissioner Olli Rehn, Commissioner for the new economy. The European Commission is preparing a bill to strengthen policy coordination and surveillance particularly in the eurozone, but in the entire European Union. The lesson The Union has learned from past financial crises is: is needed early warning system for problems to be on time grappled with the difficulties.
 Author: Alen Chemistry of Re Brussels. eds: Z. Arbutina
 