On this day 32 years ago, then 16th listopada 1978. year, in Paris, the agents killed UDBA Croatian politicians and publicists Bruno Busic, who has advocated for Croatian independence and separation from the former Yugoslavia. Historical events are, however, showed that it was shot in the dark, because the Bruno Busic as the personification of the centuries-old Croatian aspirations for their own government, survived their attempt to kill his murder and the idea of Croatian independence. He was arrested along with Dr. Franjo Tudjman Bruno Busic, to recall, for the former Yugoslavia because of his political views were persecuted and imprisoned, and was among the first, after the quelling of the Croatian Spring, 12 December 1972. was arrested and detained, that together with Franjo Tudjman, and Dr. Dragutin Šćukancem, was indicted and 13 October 1972. sentenced to two years imprisonment (and the third defendant Franjo Tudjman). After being released from prison Bruno Busic was subjected to constant surveillance and harassment.
 Since the passport could not get legal channels, he left Croatia in September 1975th with forged travel documents. Quickly became the most prominent Croatian politician abroad then it is almost two years served outside the immigrant organizations, to the beginning of 1977th year joined the Croatian National Council (HNV). In the elections for the Second HNV Parliament in May and June 1977. Bruno Busic was received by far the most votes of all candidates. The HNV Parliament is not just personnel changes in the leadership of the organization symbolically emphasized the idea of reconciliation, all Croatian, already anticipating the conceptual shift in the work of Croatian political emigration. Effect of Bruno Busic is not worried just Udba bosses, but the entire Belgrade&#39;s political and military vrhušku. In addition, after a short time in exile Bruno Busic noted two key points. First, that neither the Western powers, as well as East European communist states led by the Soviet Union, were not at all inclined to Croatia&#39;s struggle for national independence and national freedom, but by all means helping the survival of the Yugoslav state and the Tito regime.
 Arrived at the extraordinary congress HNV and activity of Bruno Busic, therefore, is not bothered only Yugoslavia but also some international centers of power which did not correspond to the appearance of man in the Croatian diaspora, which is liberating Croatian politics could provide contemporary lines. Former Croatian Emigration is not, in fact, be able to harm Yugoslavia to the extent to which shook to its foundations. In September 1978., Bruno Busic, therefore, arrived from London to Paris to prepare for an extraordinary congress HNV, which was scheduled for 20 and 21 listopada 1978. in Amsterdam. Belgrade, probably with the help of some foreign power centers, he decided that Bruno should not appear at the meeting where he could take over full leadership among Croatian political refugees. In Belgrade, therefore, decided - Bruno Busic must be killed. French authorities have never investigated the murder when the 16th listopada 1978. a few minutes after 23 hours of entering the court building where he lived at 57th
 rue de Belleville, Paris 19ème, for his assassin ran and killed him at close range. Witnesses reported that one person followed the victim, shot at her and fled. After several years, not overly diligent investigation, French authorities in accordance with the state prosecutor&#39;s request of the French Republic from 18 June 1982. halted the investigation proceedings against unknown persons for criminal offense of murder of Bruno Busic. (More on this topic can be read on the club website Croatian returnees from the diaspora at www.klub-povratnika.com.hr). Mass for Bruno Busic serve today (October 16) at 17 o&#39;clock in the church of St. Mark in Zagreb.
 