Orco Property Group plans to draw from Sunny Hvar unenviable financial situation by converting receivables into equity and rescheduling of bank loans. It is a plan that will delegation Orco Group today suggest Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor and the supervisory board Suncani Hvar. According to CEO of Orco Property Group, Jean-Francois Ott, Orco intends to stay in the sunny island of Hvar and be a leader who directs the company&#39;s development. To ensure a smooth continuation of operations, Orco Government proposes, as a partner, recapitalization Suncani Hvar by converting existing claims into equity shares. &#39;We got a very clear request from the principal lenders, PBZ, Erste Bank and Bank of Split, &quot;said Ott, giving it clear that banks seeking to convert HFP Orco and all loans in the capital. How Orcs loans Sunny Hvar is 80 million, and the CPF&#39;s 18 million, this type of capital increase and would lead to a change in ownership structure so as to increase the share of Orco Property Group.
 At the insistence of journalists to explain the changes in ownership structure, Ott said it would depend on several factors that are the subject of negotiations. According to CEO of Orco Property Group, the recapitalization has opened the possibility of participation of other shareholders, and Orco has nothing against it, and that the CPF invest additional funds in order to maintain the existing share in the ownership structure. It is an open question, and the share price, with Orco proposes reducing the nominal value before the recapitalization. Orco Group leader urged the government and the Croatian Privatization Fund&#39;s common sense, noting that the Government and the CPF must perform its obligations. In the case of negative response from the Government, the Orca were told that they will use all legal options to protect their interests, giving it clear that the Orco group risked a loss of 500 million kuna. Remember, the CPF in July, before the expiry of a five-year period, terminated the contract on public-private partnership, with an explanation that did not perform Orco commitments.
 &#39;To prevent the initiation of bankruptcy and financial Dubioza, we announced a unilateral breach of contract, &quot;said Vedran Duvnjak then, the president of the CPF, and announced that the CPF in the future to worry about sun Hvar. How Orco did not accept a unilateral breach of contract, open the process of peaceful settlement of the dispute under which the water and today&#39;s talks.
 