These constant struggles over language .... which to choose .... If you take C, is definitely a bad start immediately throw the GUI API. First, learn the language! ... And a lot of care and education program .... Get this book: LINK by D. Ritchie (every computer scientist should recognize the author&#39;s name) and exercise. The book has a brief introduction and immediately throws you to write code. First and slightly ufura the program logic, teko and then explains in more detail the syntax and standards, and introduces new features to the end met with the library-em. He also described after each chapter gives you homework. Thank God I is not thick (250str.), but each page was very studious. Sam C will allow much easier learning other programming and quasi-programming languages. Especially is situated under UNIX. As soon as you learn it and just learning UNIX runs very smoothly .... so you immediately as you learn, the head of derivatives have certain tools and modules of the operating system automatically .... it can be used for comparison with other OS&#39;s as .. MS Windows (the logic is the same everywhere, similar to standards, architecture varies ).... generally mature slowly become a system administrator.
 Immediately after being cast on the internet sockets. Here you will learn to sing the TCP / IP and client-server programming. At this stage you are from and to (sys. and net admin. Admin). Then slowly start programming the GUI application. Watch some others algorithms, to improve their own, learn new .... make your own relational database, try to switch things from platform to platform to get to know what it means when it says, portability, programming libraries, and is easy to throw in C + +, see the to OOP, throw around a little on Java, see what fits you ... or maybe in some of. ... Net languages (programming logic you have already developed, everything else is just learning new approaches that might be easier, but not faster or unčikovitiji). If you&#39;re ultra, mega geek Andrej, then maybe priključiš the open source community or perhaps SUN Developers Network: D After all that probably you will not Vista on the domestic IT forums and sites, because you realize that a weak source of hard-core computing and forget about ... You will earn and the hump on his back, pale face and pimples (I recommend a gym or swimming as a side &quot;sport &quot;).... room will you be aka ground zero, a sign will be in ASCII hexa expression.
 Socilal life ... you and the team picture from Bell Labs on the wall. : D Joking aside ... Well .... you got the material for a lifetime. How will you try and be active will be defined as professionals or &quot;Hello, world!&quot; programmers. There&#39;s no place like 127.0.0.1
 