The United States marked the ninth anniversary of the terrorist attacks of Al-Qaeda on New York and Washington, where the 11 September 2001. killed nearly 3,000 people. At 8 hours and 46 minutes after New York time, when the first plane hit the North Tower of the World Trade Center, minutes of silence for nearly 3000 deaths. The festivities were rounded up thousands of family members of many of the 2752 victims of the attack, bearing their photos, throwing flowers at a memorial fountain and reading the names of all victims. In addition to city and regional officials, at the commemoration in New York attended U.S. Vice President Joe Biden. President Barack Obama paid tribute to victims of 11th September on the set of the Pentagon in suburban Washington, where a monument with 184 metal benches and trees reminiscent of the same number killed in the attack hijacked airliner into the building of the U.S. Department of Defense. We will never forget the images of buildings disappearing aircraft and photographs left by relatives of missing persons.
 And while the nine years have come and gone since that September morning, the passage of time will never diminish the pain and loss forever imprinted in the minds of our people, said Obama. In the Republican response to Obama&#39;s commemorative speech, the minority leader in the House of Congress John Boehner issued a statement in which, besides the memory of the victims, calling for national vigilance and continue the fight against extremism and terrorism. Given that terrorists have demonstrated the ability to adapt, now more than ever, as citizens and patriots, we must remain vigilant in our efforts to confront and defeat the terrorist threat, &quot;said Boehner. First Lady Michelle Obama and former first lady Laura Bush spoke at the memorial service in Shanksville, in Pennysilvaniji, held to commemorate the 40 passengers and crew members who died when a fourth hijacked plane crashed in a field. In Afghanistan, American soldiers and personnel base at Bagram, held a memorial race 9.11 miles long.
 What happened to 11th September 2001. Obama was declared the 11th September national day of commemoration and community service. Governmental organizations for volunteering at Community United We Serve, gave citizens more recommendations for Saturday - from organizing drive students to the library, the establishment of teams for daily walks, collecting used clothing and shoes to help the poor, collecting surplus fresh food from farms, gardens, shops and restaurants, and to prepare communities for natural disasters. Mirjana Rakic Blog: Nine years after the head of the Islamic Community in BiH Mustafa Ceric, has sent a letter to the U.S. Embassy Charge d&#39;Affairs in BiH Jonathan Moore. I want you to know that Muslims, Bosniaks, who are authorized me to speak on their behalf, strongly and unequivocally condemn any kind of violence and terror, especially if it seems someone in the name of religion or politics of hate. Please, families and friends of innocent victims migrate our sincere sympathy to their pain and suffering as we celebrate the memory of the tragic events of 11
 September that shook the entire world, according to a letter Reis Ceric. I like American people, showing empathy with our painful memories at the 11th July in Srebrenica, we are today with the American people in their sad remembrance of the 11th September, Ceric wrote and voiced the hope that it will never happen again to anyone and 11th September His opinion is not shared by the Taliban who have voiced propćenjem to mark today&#39;s anniversary of the attacks. The United States lost all chances for establishing peace in Afghanistan and the only solution that remains is unconditionally withdrawn. They have no right to impose any terms or conditions for its withdrawal from Afghanistan, first because they are occupying the land illegally, and then because they were defeated, the statement said. This year&#39;s anniversary of the tragedy that marked the beginning of the 21st century for America and the world, and dragged the U.S. into wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, marked by controversy over plans for construction of an Islamic cultural center and mosque in the vicinity of Ground Zero&#39;s plan and about Pastor Terry Jones of Florida, who announced, and suspended the Koran burning &#39; ana.
 