I&#39;ll be a president who unites, not divides. Repeated persistently Ivo Josipovic in the presidential campaign, his nasal voice to those who do not have to catch you and you escape into your ear before you&#39;re able to assess how well it is Truth. Not, it seems, with no clear Stipe Mesic, who had supported the eve of the election, but as soon as they finished is not served to publicly express doubt that there is enough passion to his successor for the job. Actually it sounded as if the outgoing president asks whether Josipović have &quot;balls&quot; as he demonstrated on several occasions, with the clear suggestion that he will need. I really want, maybe not as much Mesic, but not much less. The new president, with his exemplary academic knowledge and almost aristocratic uglađenošću, would be just ideal head of state in a country that is institutionally regulated as a drug store. For such countries tend to say that this arrangement provides its citizens a sense of pleasant boredom, and as he is quite Josipović dosadnjikav type, the better choices you can hardly imagine.
 The problem, however, that Croatia has not resemble a pharmacy or in the foreseeable future danger that this move in sweet idyll annoyance. Quite the contrary, this is a country with so much more social, legal, ethnic, and when it all zbrojiš and political uncertainty, that, especially when Grune this crisis, it is not far from the image lazareta with hundreds of his exemplary academic knowledge and almost aristocratic uglađenošću, new President would be an ideal head of state in a country that is institutionally organized as a pharmacy. For such countries tend to say that this arrangement provides its citizens a sense of pleasant boredom, and as he is quite Josipović dosadnjikav type, the better choices you can hardly imagine one thousand wounded and losers of transition. Such as in this election list flocked to Bandic side, as they usually flee to the populist wing of these wizards, no matter how many times wrong.
 And an outstanding and hard najisksniji politicians remain on your feet when you start this tidal wave of human distress. A Josipovic inexperienced politician, so inexperienced that it is only in the broadest sense at all and can be considered a politician. Even if you had more power to do something, the big question is whether he knew what to do with them. Moreover, the central slogan of his presidential campaign more closely resembles New Justice himničke name some songs, but a serious legal and political agenda. That is why some Josipovic challenger who have supported in the second round, looking at what this new justice has, to say that, žalibože, the platitude without content (Vidošević). And then the man asks if Josipović is unable to grow something edible, even the beds of their legal profession, which will then only be when he finds himself on unfamiliar ground. Is not it logical to assume that this fine gentleman is simply lost in the political jungle in the middle of that and found that the previously smelled only its peripheral parts.
 However, it may not be the fast to conclusions, perhaps Josipović is no connection as he repeated the sentence with which we began this article. Connect, not divide. If you think a little man, is not it a God-given job for one cultivated professors, who all his life is nothing but a polite no radio dijalogizirao. In addition, the circumstances of his near-perfect favor, a combination of circumstances had them opportunities to try on my own skin. Just up on it, in fact, knocked the dust tactic that has its roots in the nineties, that whenever the SDP is a knock on the doors of government to its varied hysterical propaganda that wants to rebuild dijamat even casemates, Communism and Bolshevism. As soon as in 2003. The HDZ returned to power, he said, continued the verbal receive nuclear war against red, moving him ahead of the election so far, even local ones. So, in order to regularly worked, obviously, as Bandic mentor, and he suggested that presidential elections do the same - old, definitely going! But Bandic has passed, and even convincingly lost the elections perhaps the most just in prejetjeranom frenzy against dojučerašnjeg other party from the SDP.
 And how, in the meantime, Sanader drowned himself unsuccessful party &quot;pučem&quot; suddenly opened before Josipovic very clean area, because they disappeared from the scene while the two main agitatotora against the alleged communist threat. And now the new Croatian president really could do what was promised in the campaign, you already have solid evidence that large shifts (in cooperation with The Hague, the destruction of monuments of the Ustasha) can not be achieved without the active participation of the modernized HDZ. Now the same could be is the fight against corruption, although it intimately in all likelihood is not too much I believe. Send a virtual communist beast back into the grave, and to cope with a real dragon black-red-division that is fed raw meat for years in cages, the HDZ, has become one of the main threats to this country. It has a lovely paradox here. The idea of reconciliation of black and red, was originally a right-wing, Tudjman, who had burnt the Max Lubaurića, and now it turns out that was put into action a sweet left-winger.
 However, the concept would have to be quite, quite different. Tudjman was reconciled black and red with all its ideological and worse aberrations, and therefore he moved about the head and the idea of a common-partisans Ustasha grave in Jasenovac. It is now simply not an option. The new Croatian president has already announced that it Bleiburg will not see until there wrapped in black uniforms, although it&#39;s probably not the only reason Josipović apparently argued on civilization (not political) settlement of red and black, and the only time it would be filled with what today important, so necessary and vital to Croatia. Now only thing to see how realistic it is to accomplish. Kosor likely to accept Josipovic pomiriteljsku initiative, which means that the first subsequent election to pass without the public crucifixion of red, but because it will in fact want to differ from Sanader. No, not really sure that it will agree with Josipovic and his former party boss Milanovic, who from the beginning not wanting to be seen on the same side with the new prime minister.
 Milanovic has apparently taken busije that Kosor just made-up version of the corrupt Sanader because he had to know, and was silent. But she knew and kept quiet and trećesiječanjska Racan government of his predecessor, so it can not be an excuse for the destruction of bridges by postsanaderovskom HDZ. Unless Milanovic not so narcissistic that it is thought that after winning the SDP member in the presidential elections, he became an informal first Croatian man, and that only he can put in order. Wrong, buddy. For them we already have solid evidence that large shifts (in cooperation with The Hague, the destruction of monuments of the Ustasha) can not be achieved without the active participation of the modernized HDZ. Now the same could be is the fight against corruption, the more so as to be driven to the police, courts, intelligence, and all that is in the hands of the HDZ not write well if you do not see Milanovic. In these twenty years, Croatia has generally been on a blind right eye, but would still be blind and to the left.
 