&quot;Rade desert. Intersect the forest, then removed the sand from the Danube, bulldozers dig the earth and filling sand &quot;, described the Ljiljanka Mitoš-Svoboda from Osijek Magazine Environmental Alert as last month, when he along with several of Vojvodina and osječkih journalists attended a meeting with representatives Apatin local authorities, recently seen in the protected area. The volume has performed works in the coastal zone of the Danube was confirmed by Milan Drazic, apatinskoj representative in the assembly, which is Blic said: &quot;For now it is covered with sand for 100 million dollars and built the way for 220 million. In December 2009. Serbia has, in fact, part of the Special Reserve prenamijenila Upper Danube region no less than in the plot. Municipality Apatin there plans to build a cargo port. In addition, part of the area where Apatin wants Croatia considers its port. Drew him in all the regional plans of Osijek-Baranja county, and was so involved in the Croatian protected area, Kopački rit.
 This piece of land which is nominally protected by no less than two states, suddenly becomes a plot. Border issues and environmental problems are prepleli. Reactions from the Croatian side has come from several journalists Osijek and Osijek-Baranja county Šišljagić Vladimir, who is the Prime Minister requested that not only the border issues with Slovenia, but to assemble a professional team that will conduct all negotiations on the disputed borders with neighbors. Photo: Kopacki Rit Ministry of Foreign Affairs on 19 January handed a diplomatic note to Ambassador of Serbia in Croatia which indicates that a legally unacceptable acts of Serbia, which change the legal regime on the part of the area on the left bank of the Danube, which is part of nature park &quot;Eastern Croatia, as well as certain decisions of local government of the Republic of Serbia, which envisages the construction of certain infrastructure facilities in the area.
 &quot;The Ministry of Foreign Affairs has asked the state government and local government of the Republic of Serbia to refrain from actions that would mean the beginning of construction work on buildings in the area, but also any other action that might impede or prejudice the final determination of the boundaries between the two countries&quot; , confirmed the ministry spokesman Mario Dragun. Commission for negotiations on border issues between the Croatian and Serbian is not, however, has met since 2003., and this unresolved situation with repercussions on the environment. &quot;They pulled out drawer design star 40-odd years and sold for the most part nonsense steam rita. It remains forever, because who would later break the concrete, &quot;says Mitoš-Svoboda. The municipality plans to open hundreds of jobs, which is a big carrot that can attract local residents. &quot;Apatin is the first municipality that, having analyzed the advantages of position on the Corridor 7, made the strategy of development on the Danube in four segments.
 Construction of the port, aided tranapsortnog center, industrial park and Photos: Upper Danube region free zones. For the construction of the port has been obtained and support the Ministry of Infrastructure and is expected to be the decision of the government &quot;, praised the Secretary of the Provincial Secretary for Infrastructure Milan Vucenic on the Day of Open Door Assembly of January 29 Apatin mayor complained that some investments have already failed Because of this unwanted park there. &quot;Because nepomicanja border collapsed investment of 38 million euros with a company for recycling rubber, which is approximately 100 people needed to get a job,&quot; said Zivorad Smiljanic. The factory tires just to fit in fine in the marshy area whose importance goes beyond the region. This is one of the last major flood areas in Europe, and the Croatian and Serbian Kopacki Rit Upper Danube region and nearby Hungarian national park are on the Ramsar List of Wetlands of International Importance.
 Construction has long opposed the Regional Institute for Protection of Nature in Novi Sad. It was in 1989. has given a negative opinion about the plans for the construction of RTC, but relented after 20 years. It could be worse, they say. &quot;The municipality has asked for five kilometers, and can be considered a success that the border moved in just two kilometers of the coast,&quot; said Director of the Institute for Nature Protection Biljana Panjković Blic. Vojvodina Environmentally conscious part of the public also opposes the construction of the port in this part of the Danube, which ma Whatever. Green Network of Vojvodina is a few years ago opposed the plans for the construction of incinerators in the same place, and now claim that they, like most of the public in the province, have been informed, nor was there any public discussion about changing the boundaries of protected areas of the Upper Danube region. &quot; Plans to build a port in Apatin were not available to the public as much as we know, and besides talking about the possible construction of the port really do not have any relevant information about the possible construction of anything on this route.
 Argue that it is always on the fringes or in protected areas must take account of neugrožavanju biodiversity, but also people&#39;s right to a healthy environment. We are always against the introduction of any dirty technologies, &quot;said Olivera Radovanovic on behalf of the Green Network of Vojvodina. However, the capacity for action and the active control of the government of Vojvodina public are considered Gojko Miskovic, a member of the Green Network,&quot; the apparatus &quot;. &quot;After &#39;sociocide an extended period,&quot; which means war dissolution of the SFRY, a dramatic change in the ethnic composition of the population, both for the sake of prey depletion and enrichment of turbo-patriots, it is very difficult to achieve the desired control over politicians. It was only with the consent of thinking personalities from both sides of the Danube, which must be combined with the principle of EU action, see our window of opportunitiy, Miskovic said. Plans of construction of this magnitude hair is a decision on the establishment of transboundary Biosphere Reserve Drava-Mura-Danube between Hungary and the Croatian, who is the Regional Park of Upper Danube Basin natural extension.
 The decision finally was made in September last year. &quot;Biological diversity of species in this region is among the richest in Europe.&quot; He said then, the project manager, Arno Mohl of WWF Austria, a series of national and international NGOs that have advocated declaring Reserve urged to Austria, Slovenia and Serbia to join the idea the proposed Biosphere Reserve, and together with the Croatian and Hungarian complete the process of protecting the green belt. Even if the limit passed in mid-river, he wants to Serbia, it is still questionable port project, because the big tugs at turning safely enter and half Croatian, and Serbia is, as Croatia is a signatory to the Espoo Convention on transboundary impact. &quot;We have to do that line passes through the middle of the river, because that would mean death for the floodplain areas. Both sides should, in fear of losing territory, betonirale coast of the river meanders not&quot; , says Tibor Mikuska of the Croatian Society for Bird and Nature Protection.
 The problem that this company also warned the management of forests Zmajevačka Danube. Croatian forests cut down or felled planned 615 acres that are part of Serbia, but the right side of the Danube. &quot;Annexation of this mizernog part of someone else&#39;s state law threatens more than 10 000 hectares of Croatian territory that is located on the left bank of the Danube&quot;, warned the company. This Croatian Forests prejudge the border in accordance with Apatinski plans like going to the middle Danube, and not by the cadastral municipalities . Both sides cut whatever comes, &quot;said Mikuska summarizing all outstanding border problems bring nature. The article was published with support of Heinrich Boll Stiftung - Croatia. The opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect the views of the Heinrich Böll Stiftung.
 