&quot;We came for the terrorists who are hiding here,&quot; the soldier said, voice full of contempt. &quot;This is Palestine,&quot; said police chief. &quot;You are not allowed in this area. Get out of here.&quot; &quot;Cut!&quot;, The director yells, interrupting the quiet tension that prevailed in the street in Kiremithani, a poor district of Adana in southern Turkey. Neighborhood in the last two months turned into a studio where the recording &quot;Valley of the Wolves: Palestine,&quot; the latest sequel extremely popular Turkish television and movie franchise. &quot;Valley of the Wolves: Palestine&quot; will begin running in early October, and the story revolves around a Turkish naval unit that has tried unsuccessfully in May to break Israel&#39;s naval blockade of Gaza. Eight activists and a young man of Turkish origin turskoameričkog were killed when Israeli special forces surrounded one of the attacking ships. This episode has caused an international scandal and significantly harm relations between Israel and Turkey, once close allies.
 &quot;Valley of the Wolves&quot; began to appear 2003rd years as a television series whose main character is a Turkish secret agent Polat Alemdar, and played by Necati Şaşmaz. Each week Polat grips grips with a new crisis, all one had to do with current events. Year 2006. followed the action movie &quot;Valley of the Wolves: Iraq&quot;, inspired by the anger that many Turks feel toward the United States due to the invasion of Iraq. The film, which also stars Gary Busey, was seen by more than four million viewers in Turkey, which has so far nepokoreni record. In the next three years recorded two more films in the series. Pana Film production company has decided to Palestinian territory as the theme for this year&#39;s film and preparing to start recording when the attack naval units of the new space for another movie hit. In this sequel Polata sent to Gaza and the West Bank to find an Israeli commander who ordered the attack on the Turkish ship units.
 Its task was to avenge the death of nine Turks and suffering of the entire Palestinian people. This time the number of units sold kinoulaznica not the main goal, according to one of three writer Bahadir Ozdener. &quot;We want to appeal to the conscience of the viewer,&quot; says Ozdener. &quot;We want the innocent and tormented Palestinians who live in inhumane conditions, the largest prison in the world become free.&quot; Film critic of &quot;Haber&quot; Turk Mehmet Acar said that the &quot;Valley of the Wolves&quot; has attracted very few spectators from the West because it conspicuously lacks basic features such as quality cinema. However, powerful and compassionate story of Gaza could attract viewers to the audience in Asia and the Middle East because the people there admire the strong stance of Turkey in the defense of Muslim lands, as the government persists in wanting to become a member of the European Union. In the first scene of the film, which is showing the killing of the Turks on board &quot;Mavi Marmara, and those that used the popularity of Turkey in the region, said Acar.
 &quot;Film has become a victim of politics,&quot; he adds. &quot;They are trying to attract viewers to this masculine story full of action which touches the most sensitive issue that the Turkish government and regional policy.&quot; Directed Zubeyr Şaşmaz says the real story of the film it on Simone, American Jewish roots, which is a travel guide and the knowledge that the film &quot;the truth&quot; about Palestine. &quot;It symbolizes the American individuality and reveals the humanity with regard to the fact that she is forced to live among the Arabs,&quot; says Şaşmaz while sipping tea and smoking in a break from recording. &quot;Only her character develops after the realization of the tragedy of the people in Gaza.&quot; Sebnem Arsu
 