The results of the survey results Ivo Sanader of Croatia will be extradited: 8 Visitors voted to return to vote on Wall Street the Dow Jones last week declined 2.2 percent to 11,192 points, and so was dropped and the S &amp; P 500, zaronivši at 1199 points. Nasdaq sank, however, 2.4 percent to 2518 points. This is the first drop of the index after five weeks, with the Dow Jones index recorded the biggest weekly loss since late August. Due to strong growth in lending and a jump in inflation to its highest level in two years, China is expected to increase key interest rates to zauzdao prices, particularly real estate. Intensification of Chinese monetary policy could cause a drop in demand in China, the world&#39;s largest importer of raw materials, so the end of the week oil prices dropped sharply, gold, copper and other raw materials. This negative effect on stocks in the energy and mining sectors, and only on Friday the S &amp; P index of mining sector sank 2.2, and 1.4 percent of the energy.
 These sectors were under pressure because of the strengthening dollar. The weakening U.S. currency in recent months, encouraged the growth of prices of raw materials, but the trend has changed since the last days the dollar strengthens in relation to the European currency, which is under pressure because of financial problems several members of the eurozone, notably Ireland. Ireland&#39;s budget problems have caused a sudden increase in the price of its borrowing in capital markets. On Thursday, yields on 10-year Irish government bonds jumped to 8.9 percent, its highest level in the history of the eurozone. The difference in yields on benchmark German and Irish government bonds hit a record 6.5 percentage points. It could get to Ireland to seek assistance from the EU, as Greece did in the spring. Therefore, the euro exchange rate against the dollar last week fell more than 2 percent. Among the losers last week was the financial sector, in which stock prices fell by 4 percent.
 The fall in share prices of banks is not only due dobitonosne sales after strong growth week before. Fed&#39;s goal is to keep interest rates at record low levels could hurt bank earnings. &quot;Low interest rates are not good for financial stocks, especially as banks continue to have a lot of bad loans on their books,&quot; says Bruce Bittles, strategist at Robert W. Baird Company &amp; Co.. Concerns regarding the situation in China and Ireland has prompted investors late last week to the insurance portfolio to the options market. Therefore, the VIX, the Chicago Stock Exchange index options on Friday, jumped 10.6 percent, to 20.6 points, its highest level since end of October. &quot;This strong growth in the VIX index shows that investors seeking protection of their portfolio in options market,&quot; said Joe Kinahan, strategist at TD Ameritrade company. And the European stock markets stock prices last week dropped. London&#39;s FTSE index weakened 1.35 percent to 5796 points, while the Frankfurt DAX fell 0.30 percent to 6734 points and the Paris CAC 2.18 percent to 3831 points.
 At the Tokyo Stock Exchange, however, the Nikkei index of last week, strengthened 1.02 percent to 9724 points, you would like to thank the weakening of the yen against the dollar, which increased the stock prices of Japanese exporters.
 