Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The abolition of the exclusion from the Church of Bishop Williamson was the wrong book &quot;Light of the World&quot; was based on interviews višesatnih that the Pope had with the German publicist Peter Seewald. Seewald was already 90-ies of the last century, has published two books with interviews with the then Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger. The very publication of this book is a sensation, since no one predecessor Benedict XVI has not been so extensively and spoke in detail about the reasons for making certain decisions, but also about their mistakes. Thus the Pope admitted that he was wrong when he lifted excommunication English bishop Richard Williamson, a member of the Brotherhood of St ultrakonzervativnog. Pius. He said he would never have abolished the excommunication that Williamson knew of the controversial statements that deny the Holocaust. The Pope also stressed his close relationship with the Jews and praised the work of his predecessor Pius XII.
 that is, says Benedict XVI, during the Second World War saved so many Jews like no other. This statement has criticized the Jews from France. Continue the path of his predecessor Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Pope scandal has shocked sexually abuse children at 220 sites through 90 questions and answers creates a picture five years pontificate of Benedict XVI on the policy does not clarify, only addresses the issues such as human rights, world peace and justice. For his pontificate he does not see any particular new task - he just wants to continue the work of his predecessor John Paul II., Announce the word of God and Christianity to give one the simplicity and depth, without which it can not act. The Pope is very openly declared and scandals about sexual abuse of minors that shook the Catholic Church. He said that the scale of the scandal for him was a huge shock and that the letter was in connection with this topic addressed the Catholic Church in Ireland, addressed to all countries in which they appeared in these cases.
 Signaled openness Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The pope spoke openly about the mistakes And as for the conventional churches such as the celibacy issue, re-marrying of divorced or create the possibility that women perform priestly duties, the Pope only reiterated their familiar positions. Of course, that she has already released a statement that condom use is acceptable in certain cases, for example, to protect the life of partners of persons infected with HIV. However, the Pope has signaled openness and as far as preventing unwanted pregnancy, saying more needs to be reconsidered and re-formulated. Benedict XVI spoke about his possible departure from office. He says that would never have gone for a single problematic issue, but that would leave office if they felt that because of health no longer able to cope with its commitments.
 Regardless of the increasing number of believers who leave the Catholic Church, Benedict XVI is optimistic. He advocates a spiritual movement that the Church will bring far more enthusiasm than the outdated bureaucracy and that the existence of God once again placed in the center of everything. Author: AJG / KNA / dpa Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 