Sunday, 07 JUNE 2009 01:36 ANSWER TO Misconceptions about Islam to the fact that you call Islam religion of peace, when it was spread on the sword? Very often, some non-Muslims claim that Islam would not have had such a large number of followers worldwide, was spread not by force. At several points, I will explain that away from the fact that Islam was spread by force. Islam siren is the power of truth, reason and logic. This is all the force which is responsible for the spread of Islam. The word Islam means peace Islam is derived from the word salam which means peace. Also, Islam means submission to Allah, dž.š.To mean that Islam is a religion of peace that is achieved through complete dedication to the will of the Almighty Lord, Allah Sometimes the force needed in maintaining the peace is not every insan on planet Earth is ready to maintain peace and harmony. There are those who would like to threaten the peace for their personal interests. Therefore, it is sometimes necessary powers to establish and maintain the peace. It is for this reason we have police, whose primary task is to prevent criminals and other antisocial elements that threaten peace and harmony in society and state.
 Islam promotes peace. But at the same time, requires its followers to fight oppression. The fight against oppression, sometimes requires the use of force. In Islam force can only be used to implement the Peace and Justice. OPINION historian DE LACY O&#39;LEARY-I best reply to the misconception that Islam was spread sword was given by a prominent historian De Lacy O&#39;Leary in the book Islam at the Crossroads, on the 8th side,, certainly, is a clear historical fact that the legend of fanatical Muslims who ravage the world and the sword spread Islam among the enslaved peoples - is one of najapsurdnijih fantasy myth that a historian might say &quot;. Muslims ruled SPAIN 800, although the Muslims ruled Spain around 800 years, never used the sword, or force people to translate to Islam. When the Crusaders came to Spain, Muslims are deleted from the scene. No Muslim in Spain was not allowed to publicly examine Ezan, call to prayer.
 14 MILLION Arabs Copts Christians Muslims ruled Arabia for 1400 years. A few years ago was ruled by the British and some French. But overall the Muslims ruled Arabia for 1400 years. Ipored addition, today there are over 14 million Copts, the Christians, who were Christians centuries ago. That the Muslims used the sword in spreading the faith, would not remain a single Arab non-Muslim. In India, over 80% of Non-Muslims Muslims ruled India for about 1,000 years ago. If they just wanted to, had the power of each and every non-Muslims in India made to convert to Islam. Today, less than 80% of the population of India are Muslims. All these non-Muslims are living proof that Islam was never was spread by the sword. Indonesia and Malaysia, Indonesia is a country with the largest population of Muslims in the world. In Malaysia, the majority of the population are Muslims. I ask you: What is the Muslim army ever set foot in Indonesia and Malaysia? East coast of Africa Islam spread rapidly and by the countries of East Africa.
 Why is someone said Islam was spread Akoje sword, kojaje to Muslim armies stayed in East Africa? The famous historian, Thomas Carlyle, Thomas Carlyle, in his book: Heroes and respect for the hero, refers to the spread of Islam dezinformacijc sword,, Yes, it&#39;s a sword, indeed! But where is this sword? It is all very new opinion, which was initially hostile mjetno. Published snaps a čovjeka.Tamo be retained for some time. Only one man believes in it, there on the whole world, only one man stood up against the world. If ools saber and begins to propagate the idea of using it, will not achieve anything. In general, the idea will spread by itself, however (...)&quot;. be no compulsion in religion Which sword of Islam was spread? Even if some Muslims had no such intentions, they could not do it, because the Quran says in the following verse: There is no compulsion in religion, the right way is clearly distinct from error SWORD INTELLECT We used the sword is the sword of intellect.
 It is a sword that wins the hearts and souls of men. The Holy Quran says: On the path of thy Lord with wisdom and beautiful advice to invite, and with them the best way to argue Percentage Increase of World Religions 1934 -1984. YEAR Yearbook 1986. The text is from the statistical data on the spread of most world religions during the past 50 years (1934-1984). These data were found in the magazine clear truth. At the very top of the list, I found Islam, whose followers number has increased by 235%, while the number of Christianity increased by only 47%. I ask you What is a war in this period was the cause of moving millions of people to Islam! Islam is a faith that the fastest growing in America and Europe today in America Islam as the fastest growing. Faith of the fastest growing in Europe, too, is Islam. Which sword is forcing people to the West that so many accept Islam? DR. JOSEPH ADAM PEARSONDr.
 Joseph Adam Pearson has a nice saying: &quot;People who care that will one day nuclear weapons come into the hands of the Arabs, they forget that the Islamic bomb has dropped. Pale was the day when Muhammad was born.. Add this page to your favorite Social Bookmarking websites Hits: 1434 Comments (3) Comments RSS feed Islam written by Orhan, February 07, 2010 Some people do not understand that Islam is najciscija, best, fairest faith. those who are against Islam, they are mistaken. Allah has cursed them and left them to roam. if only they knew what will happen after death ... the truth that Allah has given them wealth in this world they have become well And how will they be on that eternal life ... that can only dare to talk to Jesus as God incarnate. they do not know that God recognizes only one faith, and that is ISLAM. reislam wrote Darko, July 31, 2010 and see you Look at Islam with his askpekta or religion, however different gledash to other faiths.
 s&#39;toga the rest of us look differently at Islam Nemmo nothing against Islam, but in my e Strashnova Islam faith and with much fear in people that can remotely to think a little shire sim from what they read in the Koran-because it is a sin .. . UGL could be forever on this comment so when .. UGL calls re written by admin, August 01, 2010 pozz darko, we are glad that you visited our web portal, and leave your opinion and feedback, we would be happy to chat with you about anything that interests you on a regular basis without insulting religious sanctity, I I understand why you&#39;ve got such opinion, and I understand completely why You have this attitude about Islam that Islam is a religion so terrible., but I do not look so, no one forced me to Islam, I have embraced Islam in his 24 years, quite logical and understandable, and I found in Islam a big deal, I&#39;d like to see what we navedes are terrible things to you in Islam, because I did not find anything bad to me Islam is completely logical and natural faith, a faith that could establish order the country if the population practiced the Islamic values, however big the problem is that today&#39;s Muslims do not keep their faith and then see how the Muslims are doing terrible things and then think that Islam is such, I would ask you to give us navedes that these are things for you terrible in Islam, why do you think that Islam is a faith that brings fear into people because I do not feel and I believe sincerely that you can write and feel the fear, the word Islam is derived from the word SELAM which means peace, if you got the mood to popričaš us we will give you our msn for dialogue or if you want this message is not the problem is we in the service, a nice greeting to Belgrade.
 Post Comment
 