&quot;This sale contributes to the maintenance of security and stability on both sides of Taiwan Strait,&quot; said State Department spokeswoman Laura Tischler, the U.S. TV stations. Among the weapons systems that the Pentagon on Friday proposed the sale of Taiwan, 114 Patriot missiles worth 2.81 billion dollars, 60 Blackhawk helicopters at a cost of 3.1 billion U.S. dollars, 60 sets of communication equipment for 340 million U.S. dollars, two Osprey-class minesweeper worth 105 million and 12 Harpoon anti-ship missile AGM-84 to 37 million U.S. dollars. Beijing announced a series of measures to protest against the announced sale of American weapons Taiwan, worth 6.4 billion U.S. dollars. Among those measures is the suspension of military exchanges with the United States, as Beijing did in the past U.S. arms shipments to Taiwan in October 2008. But this time, Beijing is threatening and additional measures such as sanctions, American companies that sell Taiwan weapons.
 It is not known about what sanctions will work in practice, because the American companies banned arms sales embargo to China that the U.S. has introduced the 1989th, after the Communist regime in the blood of crushed pro-democracy student protests at Tiananmen Square. China has also threatened to break cooperation in many international and regional issues that are crucial for Washington, as well as efforts to stop nuclear programs of North Korea and Iran, and resolving trade issues. U.S. to sell Taiwan 114 Patriot missiles worth 2.81 billion dollars, 60 Blackhawk helicopters at a cost of 3.1 billion U.S. dollars, 60 sets of communication equipment for 340 million U.S. dollars, two Osprey-class minesweeper worth 105 million U.S. dollars and 12 Harpoon anti-ship missile AGM- 84 to 37 million U.S. dollars. China considers Taiwan breakaway province that should be merged with the mother country, if necessary, and silom.U report by the Pentagon submitted to Congress, pointed out that China is &quot;capable of more complex military action against Taiwan,&quot; and that in September 2008.
 in garrisons opposite Taiwan 1150 had deployed short-range missiles on mobile launchers, the 790 in late 2005. What with Beijing, which currently can be satisfied is that the Pentagon did not include sales of 66 fighters F-16 C / D, but that does not mean that Obama&#39;s administration refused Taiwan&#39;s request for advanced fighter to replace its aging air force, says The Saturday Washington Post.Pentagon already made a report on the balance of air power between China and Taiwan, which can serve as an impetus for the decision to sell F-16. The armed system will be particularly painful for the Chinese, the sale of 60 Blackhawk helicopters, says Post. U.S. mid-1980s China has sold 24 Blackhawk, but China has had problems with their maintenance in good working order, because the U.S. arms embargo against the 1989.Nakon catastrophic earthquake in Sichuan province 2008th, China has requested the opportunity to buy spare parts, claiming that Rescue helicopters will be injured, but Washington has rejected that request.
 (REUTERS / metro-portal)
 