Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: What do see this around? Paul&#39;s fascination with octopus around the world is not losing momentum. Paul is celebrated during the World Cup when he predicted the exact results of the meeting the German kind, and yet some others, among others, the winner of the final encounter. Since then Paul, an octopus, which is located in the Sea Life aquarium in the German city of Oberhausen, a true global superstar. So far, the administration stubbornly refused to aquariums all bids for the sale of Paul - like the one a Spanish coastal village which has collected 35,000 euros. They wanted Paul to declare farm mascot. Mali problem in the story was certainly the fact that the village or live processing of squid and octopus. &quot;Paul, we love you&quot; Now, however, Paul became the target of the right effusion of love. California singer-songwriter Parry Gibb came up with a song called &quot;Paul the octopus, we love you&quot;, and even recorded a video clip that is posted on the internet.
 Bildunterschrift: The angry losers would prefer it cooked and eaten Prace electronic beat the 42-year-old musician sings enthusiastically about the &quot;magic hands&quot; Octopus. In just a few days this is on YouTube pjesmuljak seen by more than 482 000 visitors. Paul knows the name of the new Russian president? Without regard to all the flap about his character and deeds, octopus Paul continues to diligently foretells the future. Thus, according to the Moscow newspaper Pravda Komsomolskaja &quot;Paul predicted who will be the next Russian president. He had to decide between the incumbent President Dmitry Medvedja and current Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. It is a question of fact Paul set journalists list. They are two scrip write two names and put them on the glass wall of the aquarium. Bildunterschrift: According to journalist Paul immediately understood what it is and without hesitation to adhere to one of two pieces of paper.
 Editorial Board, however, does not want to disclose who they are, the name that Paul has decided it will remain hidden in a vault until after the election 2012th year. Even during the World Cup this newspaper raised its print run extensive reports on octopus Paulo, in the meantime, the prophetic cephalopods became interested superbogati and Russian oligarchs - one has already offered 500,000 euros. But Paul is not for sale, respond consistently in Oberhausen. Author: dpa / spiegel / for Re. eds: S. Kobešćak
 