America is certainly addicted to heavy crudes. As the entire U.S. economy based on cheap oil, which is mostly imported, administration has recently approved new projects extracting oil from the sea. However, 20 April in the Gulf of Mexico Deepwater Horizon platform exploded, systems to stop the leakage of oil from wells are scheduled and 5 000 barrels of daily oil leaked into the sea near the U.S. coast. 5000 barrels of oil volume that is about to meet 1 / 3 Olympic swimming pools, as oil in large quantities is not biologically degradable oil contamination in the Gulf of Mexico will keep about thirty years. Furthermore, as the U.S. Gulf of Mexico provides 40% of all manner of seafood (fish, shellfish, crabs, shrimp), a strong fishing community will likely go bankrupt. When the black oil residue reaches the shore and pollute the beach under fire by tourists will find the entire eco-system of the Mississippi River delta.
 Obama administration announced harsh penalties BP (British Petroleum) company that owns the well-interesting and not the owner of calamity Deepwater Horizon platform. But no penalties in the billions of dollars will not be able to compensate for the environmental consequences of this &#39;eco-kalipsa Today&#39; brings. Primarily still not certain when and how the oil spills to stop due to bad weather has not decided which way they will be well to close. This incident actually indicates again that it is high time that a man (read: big capital + structure of government) no longer play games with nature. As a natural (read: cheap) resources on which rested the entire Western system of less is not the time to really devote full strength to find new sources of energy. The long-awaited electric cars that are expensive are actually ordinary marketing spin large automobile manufacturers to demonstrate their supposed ecological bringing around.
 Why is it impossible to make an electric car that would cost a few thousand euros? Why the current electric cars can move only about seventy miles in a remotely aggressive driving mode? As the oil is likely this summer (again) to reach a price of 100 USD per barrel should be ponadati that the U.S. administration because it will decide to attack Iran as a few years &#39;liberated&#39; Iraq and the local oil resources. Oil is becoming less and demand more and more so the smaller incidents like the kidnapping several workers from oil rigs in Nigeria automatically affect the price increase so-called &#39;black gold&#39;. The world needs as soon as possible to find a valid alternative to fossil fuels. It&#39;s hard to believe that civilization that sent man to the moon is not able to implement basic energy revolution which would be environmentally acceptable, and around which to form the overall socio-economic development in the future.
 Hurry because the sun, wind and fertile land is still abundant in contrast to the toxic and smelly black substance called oil-. Z + Relatd Articles THE SEA - Nobody says thank Sea For two years marks the European Day of the Sea (20.5.). Despite ... Ecological showering or so without remorse polokati large quantities of beer There are many ways in which we can save money while saving energy ... INDIA-Penalties for industrial accident in Bopalu After a long legal battle the court in India has been fined eight managers &quot;Jun ... million trees in Ethiopia, the American citizen Geshaw Tahir by traveling to his native Ethiopia remained ... The new studies, increased levels of the oceans is the result of human The temperature and activity level of the world&#39;s oceans are in constant increase, lock ... NEW HOPE - the first success in the fight against oil carpets Nearly four weeks have uncontrolled oil flows into the Mexican Gulf ... Philippe Cousteau Jr.
 - &quot;This is a nightmare ...&quot; (shot beneath the surface of oil-contaminated sea) It&#39;s been almost a month since the explosion on an oil platform in soft ... The consequences of damage to oil platforms in the Gulf of Mexico oil platform explosion in the Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf of Mexico ... The story of the apocalypse The reason this article is the latest alert about impending apocalypse 2012 ... The story of the second apocalypse part of the reason this article is the latest alert about impending apocalypse 2012 ... DELFINA BAY OF THE DEAD: New battleground between East and West (The Cove) Beautiful, intelligent and entertaining, is the shortest and the most common Western de ... Comments No comments. Your Name Comment Title Comment Enter the new code
 