Geert Wilders Geert Wilders, leader of Patria for freedom, known for its radical anti-Islamic views, on Saturday said Germany needed a party that will &quot;keep you from the dangers of Islam.&quot; &quot;Germany is a necessary party that will defend its national identity. Islam is a threat to German political identity and its economic success. &quot;Wilders said in Berlin at a special inaugural session of the German Freedom Party, which is also a radically anti-Islamic. Wilders, or Dutch, believes that &quot;the political ideology of Islam is not a moderate, will never be a moderate and has global ambitions.&quot; &quot;Germany is filled mosques and women no longer covered by the German Goethe, Schilera, Bach and Mendelssohn,&quot; said Wilders at the end of his hour-long speech, 500 supporters of new party gave him ovations. This colorful character extremely rightwing advocates ban on the Koran, Burke and construction of mosques.
 On Monday, will appear before the court in the Netherlands on charges of hate speech. &quot;His criticism was not directed against Muslims themselves, but against the political ideology of Islam.&quot; Stepped in well in his intimate Rene Štatkević, founder of the Libertarian Party. The meeting also addressed the Israeli politician Elizer Koen from extreme right-wing parties Jizrael Beitenu saying that it was a &quot;historic event&quot;. Libertarian Party until the Friday evening meeting of the wings that will be held in a Berlin hotel Tirgarten. The meeting was guarded about 250 police officers, and Wilders had arrived, accompanied by bodyguards because he had received several death threats. Wilders visits and the establishment of Freedom party followed after months of debate in Germany about integrating imigrnata, particularly the Muslim community, which numbers about four million people, mostly originating from Turkey and the Middle East. Member of Board of the Bundesbank Tilo Sarazin in September, had to withdraw from office after he published a book claiming that Muslims are drawn to the bottom of the country, as many in the public accept it.
 &quot;Wilders, Sarazin and the new Freedom Party all follow the same strategy, stigmatization and discrimination against entire ethnic groups,&quot; said Clare Herman, representing the Greens, adding that this was a racist and xenophobia, and as such must be disclosed to the public. Publish to your Facebook profile Tags: Fascism, Geert Wilders, the Netherlands, Germany, politicians, racism, religion
 