On the U.S. market is a barrel of oil rose $ 3.06, to $ 78.17, while the market in London was at plus $ 3.17. Crude oil prices rose Monday on the international market for more than three U.S. dollars, surpassing $ 78 a barrel, after the agreed financial package, the EU is worth around 1,000 billion dollars in order to stabilize world financial markets and resolve Greece&#39;s Debt Crisis. On the U.S. Brent crude oil for delivery in June rose is $ 3.06, to $ 78.17, while the market in London was at plus $ 3.17, totaling $ 81.44. Package Size surprised traders and poveæala expectations that will be demand for oil recover this year. The package consists of 440 billion euros in guarantees eurozone member states and 60 billion euros in the European stabilization fund which will be able to help pay off as the eurozone countries if they hope for the financial misfortunes.
 A further 250 billion euros will ensure the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Photo wikipedia Global stock markets have recovered and the euro has also strengthened, while the dollar weakened against a basket of the world&#39;s leading currencies after news of a package of measures to some extent revived investors preference towards risk. Crude oil prices fell last week to more than $ 11 OPEC Secretary General Abdullah al-Badri said he expects that given the financial package will help the oil prices again rise above $ 80 a barrel, but warned of more significant oscillations during the global economic recovery. Analyst Edward Meir of MF Global, said that the new news is somewhat soothe investors. - We expect that for now it will be enough to calm markets - said analyst Meir. Crude oil prices fell last week to more than $ 11, which is the biggest weekly loss in almost a year and a half, amid fears that the eurozone Debt crisis could threaten global economic recovery.
 The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) announced separately on Friday that the reference price of a barrel of oil that OPEC basket was $ 76.41, which is $ 2.11 less than the day before.
 