Black Chronicle, Politics, World Saturday, 05.06.2010. Tags: North Korea, South Korea, USA 20:00 Cheonan anti-submarine sank during exercises in the United States and South Korea in the night when the North Korean submarines reportedly pocket torpedirao Cheonan South Korean patrol ship, the United States and South Korea have held joint anti-submarine exercises only 120 km away, said U.S. military officials to The Associated Press. The night before the sinking of Cheonan, two U.S. destroyers and other ships were maneuvered and exercise monitoring, while a South Korean submarine played the role of the target. US-South Korean anti-submarine exercise began at 22:00 25th March, and ended at 09:00 hours the following day, said a spokeswoman for U.S. forces in Korea, Lieutenant Colonel Jane Crichton. Exercise was terminated because of an explosion on board Cheonan. 46 South Korean sailors died on the warship which was not involved in the exercises, but was in a routine patrol near the disputed waters.
 Sinking Cheonan South Korea was the worst military loss since the Korean War 1950-1953. The incident showed that even poor countries like North Korea could inflict heavy losses far better equipped and trained forces, including those supported by American military power. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said that plans for the future of US-South Korean anti-submarine exercise stopped, while they wait for UN action on the incident. This is partly because of concerns about encouraging other reckless actions of North Korea, Gates said Friday during a visit to Asia. South Korea on Friday asked the UN Security Council to consider action against Pyongyang. Two months after the sinking, the U.S. officials for the first time revealed details of a joint naval exercise held on the same day he attacked Cheonan. Military officials have said that the exercise participants could not detect the submarine North Korea.
 Officials and experts say it is difficult to detect pocket submarine is the closest ship in shallow coastal waters. What surprised experts was that the 130-ton minipodmornica, without warning, could sink a warship nine or ten times larger than it, which is a power imbalance, called asymmetrical warfare. &quot;For us, &#39;stealth&#39; (invisibility) represents the latest technology - the billions of dollars invested in research and development arms,&quot; said John Park, an expert on Korea at the U.S. Institute of Peace. &quot;The North Korean version of &#39;stealth and&#39; old school was a submarine with diesel-battery powered, which avoids modern detection methods,&quot; he added. An international investigation, the South Korean leadership, concluded last month that the evidence of the sinking of the ship indicate the responsibility of Pyongyang. North Korea has denied any involvement. Western experts say there are still questions about what exactly happened that night at the March Baengnyeong island.
 A U.S. official said that the dumping may have been a deliberate attack, but a gradual izopćenog commander, accident or practice that has gone in the wrong direction. He spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to publicly discuss the incident, according to AP. The statements these days convey North Korea&#39;s state media, threatens to war as a response to any attempt to punish the North. On Saturday, South Korean President Lee Myung-bak, tried to ease fears of armed conflict. &quot;There is absolutely no possibility for large-scale war on the Korean peninsula,&quot; he said in Singapore. Tracking submarines rely on active or passive sonar. Passive sonar uses a microphone to listen to the sounds of submarines, while active sonar emits sounds and listening for the echoes that are reflected from underwater objects. Cheonan had included active sonar during the incident, but it was not clear why the ship did not detect the submarine, said the South Korean Navy official Kim Young-kyu to AP.
 After the explosion, the commander of a South Korean patrol boat sent to search for submarines. However, officials have said that the ship could not find any, maybe because of the time, ocean currents and harsh conditions of the March and the cold nights. Factors such as rocks and reefs in shallow water can affect the reliability of the sonar, which is made to operate in deep waters, experts say. &quot;There are a lot of equipment that works pretty well against large submarines in the deep ocean, but it does not work so well against small submarines in shallow water,&quot; said John Pike, director of military think tank GlobalSecurity.com. United States, he says, has &quot;the same problem with Iran and the Persian Gulf.&quot; It is believed that North Korea has a fleet of 70 submarines, including 50-odd pocket that can carry torpedoes. Submarine exercise, discontinue the dumping Cheonan, was part of annual military maneuvers, the U.S. and South Korea, called Key Resolve / Foal Eagle, which is designed to maintain the readiness of forces in the event of an outbreak of another great war on the Korean peninsula.
 While the exercise lasted, Gen. Walter Sharp, commander of U.S. forces in Korea, said he was preparing for &quot;all threats that can come from North Korea.&quot; North Korea claimed that these exercises are identical to the preparations for the attack and asked for their cancellation. Seoul is sinking Cheonan received a wake-up call, and announced that he will strengthen his defense. U.S. plans two major naval exercises in South Korea in coming weeks. (H)
 