QUOTE (Marko@11.05.2010, 15:58) Well, there&#39;s a key point where we have the opposite outcome. ... Is simply inconceivable that Germany, Finland, Britain, France, Denmark, Czech Republic, the Netherlands, Sweden, etc., etc. agree that progress towards the integration and pay a little more for the poor. So the forecast the euro will be another couple of years. EU still 4-5. And 10 will all be sorry for the EU, and the richer and poorer. Mark sagledavas wrong situation the EU is&#39; at the moment, interest-only community of nations .. something that the terminology, how nice evening in Brussels said the Turkish representative - guarantee peace and peace as you know - nemos&#39; only way to pay .. in these relations between the EU as a community interest will not survive. what you appearance is a rebel - the diversity of organization of the economy within the EU, where you have one German and a Romanian by what inevitably ask a question of how to straighten that equalize? under 1
 and last, in the ten years since the introduction of the € uro - Do .. to do so you need at least 30desetak years. but that Romania had an economy at one of Germany or Estonia and Estonia that is [already today meets all the criteria!] you have to entice and political standards that the level of political organization that supports the state by strict criteria - and the economic market. in this part, so to speak, &quot;moving slowly&quot; some European countries. [Because when you mention to mention Greece - Balkan muljatora] I mean, aside from what may have been better to wait with a common currency - all members .. Perhaps the fact should move with the standards of a lot longer than the common currency .. but it seems to me that the so-called. old members decided to play on one - which does not kill you, strengthen you. So I see this crisis as a stimulus .. and if the trigger mechanisms of protection, including the centralization of information and greater independence CEBke ..
 This could be the start of something in what we will live next 50deset years in a satisfactory condition - peace. anyway .. had a similar thing and if Obama is to rescue the American economy set aside 700 billion dollars last year. .. s&#39;toga I see no reason why this would be the European &quot;umbrella&quot; was less valuable? so much about - solidarity. but, one evening, talking about speculators .. So the Germans are Germans explained [kratkoopisno] speculation that flows naturally in Bild [0.60 cents for every available .. I want the word &#39;explained sufficiently populist] BILD erklärt, wie mit dem Spekulanten Euro Geld verdienen: Stellen Sie sich vor, Nachbar A Brandschutzversicherung schließt eine auf das Haus seines Nachbarn B ab. Police zählt diese dann an A genau aus, wenn das Haus von B abbrennt. A Nachbar wird nun Dafur sorgen, dass immer mehr Nachbarn ausgehen davon, dass es bei B irgendwann brennt. Und was es mehr Nachfrage nach der Police gibt, wird sie desto teurer.
 A wenn dann verkauft seine Police, macht er ein gutes Geschäft. So funktionieren die ungefähr der Spekulanten Wetten gegen den Euro. ps and it&#39;s still something about those standards of Mark .. eg in Germany are betting - approved .. Nice like mushrooms after the rain .. People are betting on svasta league third league .. Chinese league .. These horses are, just like these speculators about € ura ... only in Bayern - this kind of betting [those in which the state has no control] - is prohibited. So now I have one question za&#39;te: What do you think how many times the standard of living in Bayern better than the rest of Germany? edit: 2su
 