Closure of wells in the Deepwater Horizon Gulf of Mexico pumping large quantities of mud still failed to stop the leakage of oil, said company British Petroleum (BP). Earlier it was reported that the oil spills off. &quot;British Petroleum Company said yesterday temporarily halted pumping into the well because the ship from which the deflated left without mud. Pumping continues in the evening when it will be on the same site to replace a new boat,&quot; reported the release Doug Suttles, BP Chief Operating Officer- and, at the press conference, adding that the reduction in oil spills still progress. The U.S. administration and its experts have supported this method, although it has never been tested at such depths. BP is under pressure because previous attempts to stop the oil were not successful. It is estimated that this method has a 70 percent chance of success.
 President Barack Obama announced that he will soon publish a proposed new legal provisions for pumping oil from offshore. This proposal is still awaiting a final report on what exactly happened in the Gulf of Mexico and which should be taken to prevent similar cases in future. It is expected that Obama would impose much stricter regulation for the existing wells and platforms and will completely prohibit the issuance of permits for new wells, particularly in the Arctic and Alaska. In addition, he said that this environmental disaster further warns that it is necessary quickly to look for alternative sources of energy. Obama should visit today to drill in the Gulf of Mexico. Meanwhile, U.S. experts warn of the impending hurricane season that could hit Gulf of Mexico. It is estimated that the season will be destructive than in 2005. when the coastal area devastated Catherine. Experts expect the 3:07 of the third category of hurricane.
 Professor of meteorology Jennis Evans argues that a hurricane could spread oil on the surface of the sea, or would in turn could be mixed with water, which would be sunk. Both scenarios are certainly catastrophic. If the oil is affected by the hurricane spread horizontally, pollute the coastal strip, and if the moving vertically, will destroy the marine flora and fauna.
 