Mission 14-15/01/2010 EU parliamentarians belong to the parliamentary group of the European Campaign to End the siege of Gaza (European Campaign to End the Siege on Gaza - ECESG) led by British parliamentarian and former minister Gerald Kaufman, who has learned how to posit their website , Jew. On the same site states that the negotiations on the passage of the delegation of Egyptian territory, lasted a month and a half ago. Obviously, they successfully completed, as the delegation landed in Cairo. Filled with the portraits of eminent parliamentarians from various parties, the Egyptians, however, could not refuse and that only a few days after they announced that no convoys of solidarity with Gaza will no longer be allowed. It is anticipated that the delegation in Gaza, meet with members of the local Legislative Council, and later with representatives of four p.m. Palestinian non-governmental and humanitarian organizations. Upon his return, in Cairo, the delegation should meet with &quot;many Egyptian officials.&quot;
 On that occasion the Europeans &quot;to appeal to ease the current restrictions on the free passage of people and trade across the border in Rafah, affecting as ordinary people who are trying to help their families.&quot; Upon arrival in Cairo, the delegation was received at the headquarters of its Arab League Secretary General Amir Musa. The delegates were later transferred to the Rafah border crossing, where they crossed without holding Gažanski border. In contrast to the harassment Galloway two groups, the Egyptian government to them in that way could see no any problems. 17/01/2010 Delegation ECESG and be retained in the Gaza Strip two days. Met with Ismail Hanijehom. This is thanks to European parliamentarians for their solidarity with the people of Gaza, which is already four years exposed to the suffering caused by a blockage. &quot;We said, in all possible ways of trying to open channels of communication with international actors in order to present our reality, but only few like you, we responded (...) Subject to the blockade on all sides - the north of electronic , the concrete on the east, the steel in the south and west of the maritime - a crisis is even more deteriorated the last war, so that our suffering continues. &quot;
 He stressed that he is not against the idea that the United Nations or the Europeans or Arab countries, establish a committee for the reconstruction of Gaza, who will oversee this process. With these claims Abbas dismissed the Palestinian Authority (TA) and Fatah to Hamas to prevent the influx of international aid .. I took the above information from the text published by Hamas. The members of the delegation ECESG&#39;s are over Cairo returned to their country, and they did not advertise. That is, it is claimed, was a prerequisite for Egypt given them permission to leave Gaza. They obeyed him. Kaled Mešal, champion of the Hamas headquarters in Damascus, has publicly called on Egypt to stop the construction of the underwater &quot;wall of death&quot;. &quot;The walls are built, he said, the enemy, and not between brothers.&quot; The same message was proposed &quot;to his brother Mahmoud Abbas&quot; a bilateral meeting at which they agreed to reconcile the two groups. This, he said, the &quot;simple changes&quot; in the document proposed by the Egyptians.
 When Hamas and Fatah reached an agreement, held to a meeting of all Palestinian factions, and then make their representatives traveled to Cairo and there signed amandirani text. From Ramalaha he said Azam al-Ahmad, one of Fatahovih League, rejecting the possibility of any meeting, while Hamas does not sign the Egyptian document. &quot;After that, he said, we can meet anywhere and talk about everything.&quot; The U.S. plan 21/01/2010 U.S. envoy to the Middle East, George Mitchell, was in Lebanon and Damascus, where he met with presidents Michel Sliemanom and Bashar al-Assad. He tried to convince them to make the whole region would be useful to establish peace with Israel. In Beirut said Lebanon was in this respect &quot;key country&quot;. In Damascus, he explained that they have nothing against it, if Israel return the occupied part of Golan Heights. They reminded him that the Turkish mediation began to talk indirectly with Israel, but that this process is interrupted when the Israelis invaded Gaza.
 Mitchell arrive in Israel with the administration&#39;s proposal to restart Israeli-Palestinian negotiations. He will hold talks with Prime Minister Netanyahu, President Peres and Defense Minister Barak, and Ramallo meet with Abbas. New U.S. plan foresees the start of negotiations with the Palestinian Authority &quot;without preconditions&quot; and a period of two years in which to reach an agreement on borders. Washington would both sides advance to some kind of written guarantee (?). Abbas has so far refused to sit for the negotiating table until Israel completely freeze its settlement construction and naseljeničkih housing units in the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Mitchell said that a request to freeze the PU is not a prerequisite, but Israel&#39;s obligations as derived from the PLO-Israel agreement, the decision of the UN and Mirivnogh guidelines. Netanyahu has agreed to freeze construction in the West Bank only, but not in Jerusalem and in only ten months.
 The American plan does not mention the Gaza Strip, probably because it is controlled by Hamas, not the TA. From here the pressure on Hamas to sign the Egyptian text pomirbenoga agreement with Fatah, which would allow this man download these enclaves (which would block was lifted, which would allow unimpeded influx of foreign aid for the reconstruction of Gaza). So, if negotiations are Israel-Police yet to start, could be reduced only to the establishment of a Palestinian state on the territory of the West Bank, while the issue of Gaza and East Jerusalem remained open. Such a conclusion suggests yesterday&#39;s statement by Netanyahu to Israeli security forces must have the right operative within the West Bank in the event that there is established a Palestinian state - in order to prevent the smuggling of weapons across its eastern border (from Jordan). Maybe in Washington, Tel Aviv and Ramallo believe that the threat of the formation of a Palestinian state in the West Bank Hamas shaken and force him to surrender? 22/01/2010 On Netanyahu&#39;s statement echoed a spokesman for the Police Department, Rudeina who said he did not come into consideration that any Israeli soldier left the territory of an independent Palestinian state when this is established.
 In yesterday&#39;s interview with the magazine &quot;Time&quot; U.S. President Obama acknowledged that the United States in attempts to start peace talks overestimated their own influence over Israel and the Palestinians. &quot;What we have done this year has not yielded the expected outcomes. We would not have had such high expectations that we predicted in advance some of the bilateral political problems. &quot;Alluded to the fact of the limited maneuvering space Netanyahu, who heads the coalition in which many oppose any concessions the Palestinians and Abbas, who clashed with Hamas opposition. Not of course mention your own little space in the United States. Mitchell after meeting with Peres said that the United States, &quot;despite the complexity of the problems and difficulties, to continue its efforts to achieve peace.&quot; Asked about the legitimacy of Abbas&#39;s Famous Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi, president of the International Federation of Islamic scholars, considered one of the most learned interpreter of Islamic law, was converted, according to the press, the Arab League and the Conference of Islamic countries with a request to investigate charges of alleged collusion and Mahmoud Abbas Israel during last year&#39;s invasion of Gaza.
 The news was sounded like a bomb, not only in the main headquarters of Abbas in Ramallah on the occupied Palestinian territories, but also Arab and Muslim world. Sunni cleric Kadaravi, usually born in Egypt, for several years led a widely viewed TV show Al-Jazeera, which broadcasts from Qatar. It is alleged that Kadaravi added that Abbas&#39;s moves and his assistants during the first debate on Goldstonovom eat away at the crimes committed in Gaza were straight betrayal. Sheik is known for his uncompromising attitude against the Israeli occupation of Palestine and the blockade imposed on Gaza. Recently issued a fatwa (religious opinion) against the construction of underground steel barrier on the Egyptian side Gažanski border, which opposed the fatwa of his colleagues from Cairo Al-Azhar University who have supported the same barrier. Kadaravi, in fact, did not say anything new but only repeated suspicions and accusations Abasovih Palestinian opponents, allegations by some foreign observers, including several Israeli NGOs.
 But no one&#39;s words have not had the same specific weight and was met with such wide coverage. From the Ramalaha Kadaravija osuli strongest verbal barrage, claiming that he fell for the Israeli propaganda to sow discord in the Muslim ranks, the ignorant, to spread disinformation, unworthy of a Muslim preacher, etc. Abbas minister of religious affairs and endowments has demanded an apology from him, &quot;His Excellency , President Mahmoud Abbas. kredencijali A Abbas, not only to conduct negotiations with Israel, but to sit in the chair chairman of PU, are indeed questionable. These days diluvial rains hit part of the Egyptian Sinai, Gaza and part of Israel. The sudden floods in Sinai three Egyptians were killed and drowned and one British tourist. Poplavljeno several Palestinian villages in the valley that stretches from Gaza City to the eastern border with Israel. Hamas activists were evacuating their residents.
 Several villagers were injured. Interrupted several local roads. Faced with the floods in their own territory, the Israelis, by opening the dam, focused its surplus water to Gaza and thus contribute tamošnjoj flood. Denial of water supply in Gaza that the poor own water reserves has been an integral part of the Israeli blockade, and now the water in the enclave there is too much! None of negotiations 25/01/2010 Mitchell yesterday completed his twelfth visit to the Middle East and another meeting with Netanyahu. This is his visit apparently was unsuccessful as all the previous ones. Obama, weakened by the loss of majority in the American Senate, will not be able to push any more. Status quo suits Israel, which will now continue unhindered with the expansion of its settlements and the colonization of the West Bank. Equally unsuccessful &quot;middleware&quot; that Egypt&#39;s efforts to trying to force Hamas to sign a document of reconciliation &quot;with Fatah.
 Hamas will now have even less reason to do so. 28/01/2010 amerčkih two Democratic congressmen in a letter to President Obama, co-signed by another fifty colleagues, requested that the immediate result of the elimination of Israeli blockade of Gaza, which would alleviate suffering of the people of this coastal territory. This initiative is unprecedented in the history of Congress and perhaps the first sign that something has changed in the approach to the American political elite of Israel. Israeli Defence Minister Barak yesterday suddenly arrived for consultations with Egyptian President Mubarak. The news agency MENA said they discussed the Palestinian-Israeli peace process, including the role of Egypt in it. The reason the meeting, said in a news agencijskoj, negotiations on freeing Israeli soldier, Hamas members who were captured more than three years. In addition, Mubarak called on Israel to end blockade of Gaza and halt construction of new settlements in the occupied territories.
 A day earlier, the Egyptian president, speech to cadets at the Police Academy in Cairo, justified the construction of underground barriers to Gaza need to stop smuggling of weapons and drugs in the Egyptian Sinai. He stressed that safety is a priority for its citizens of Egypt, who has a legitimate right to defend national sovereignty
 