Museum joke in San Diego released a list of the top 10 prvoaprilskih joke published in Anglo-Saxon press. 10th City In 1976. British astronomer Patrick Moore communicates on the radio that will be first April at 9:47 pm, an extraordinary phenomenon happen since Pluto will zaæi behind Jupiter. New order smanjiæe planet&#39;s gravity on Earth. Moore is more informed listeners that will, if poskoèe in a certain moment, a feeling to fly. Hundreds of people was told the radio that you lived up to the oseæaj. 9th Place Godine 1995. magazine Diskaver &quot;reported that the eminent biologist Aprile Paco (the name is an expression of&quot; prvoaprilska joke &quot;was translated in Italian language) discovered a new species in Antarctica: ¾ animal whose head was heated and razgræe ice tremendous speed, which is a technique that is used to hunt penguins. 8th Place Godine 1998. fast food restaurant chain Burger King published an ad in the newspaper, &quot;Ju-Es-Ej tudej&quot; that offers a hamburger for left-handers, especially invented for the 32 million Americans who are the official e left hand.
 The chain was later announced that it has received thousands of orders you stage. 7th Place Godine 1998. publication &quot;New Mexicans for Science and Reason,&quot; published the news that hold states Alabama, after the referendum, changed the value of pi from 3.14 in the &quot;Bible of 3.0&quot;. 6th City in 1992. U.S. hold central radio to announce a new candidate for predsednièke Rièarda Nixon election, under the motto: &quot;I have not done anything wrong and I will not repeat it.&quot; The slogan of the radio read imitator. 5th City in 1997. British newspaper &quot;Guardian&quot; published in addition to seven pages on the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the Insular fictional republic in the Indian Ocean. Series of articles describing the culture and geography of two most important islands you called Upper and Lower Rupa Rupa. 4th Place Godine 1996. fast food restaurant chain reported that The Bell was the federal government bought a famous Liberty Bell in Philadelphia, the historical symbol of U.S. independence, and that it will cross the bell So, what caused the wave of protests.
 3rd Place Godine 1962. Sweden had only one television channel, which broadcast the program in black and white technique. At 1 April, a technician appeared on the screen and told viewers that the program will be able to see in color - if the front of the screen stretch nylon stockings. 2nd Place Godine 1985. sports magazine &quot;Sports ilustrejtid&quot; published a story about baseball players who threw the ball at a speed of 270 kilometers per hour. There is a skill acquired skills ¾ bajuæi in a Tibetan monastery. 1st City In 1957. Bi-Bi-Si in a broadcast to announce that, thanks to the mild winter and the disappearance of insects that attack spaghetti, Swiss farmers were extremely good harvesting spaghetti from trees which grow on. This was followed by numerous phone calls to people interested in growing trees that give the spaghetti. Beta
 