Split pensioners and the unemployed, and this year should get a Christmas bonus. Mayor Kerum said at the meeting of the City Council that the funds provided for it in the budget, no detail about the amounts did not want to talk, while Hall is not elected by the proposal which should be available at the next Council meeting. - Lack of money in the city budget is mainly on municipal contribution that is not achieved. It is planned to be somewhere around 200 million, but the problem is that they fit the investment. But given the condition of the state, Goa is in a better position than other cities in Croatia. The city regularly meets all its obligations. Investments are stale, but it is important that the city is stable and that the city&#39;s stable firm - said Kerum. &quot;We are waiting for the payment of municipal contributions&quot; He added that it is possible that some firms in the December pay municipal contributions, and recalled that last year at the end of the year an investor has paid one hundred million kuna municipal contributions.
 - I talked to some investors and announces where they receive the necessary documents and to pay our municipal contribution. It would be prefer to enter this year, not next, but it&#39;s still a few days left until the end of the year. Tulipan group itself would be paid 150 million contribution. Keri center will be built in that size that was designed, more and more business establishments in the city and retail investors will go to build, if not the final customer. Keri will be built when it was the end-users, and we are currently in negotiations with a German tenant who would have taken - said Kerum. Bilac: We will have less than 300 million - failed the entrepreneurial component which is the mayor of the most praised, and it proved to be a full budget. HDZ from the beginning pointed to a dangerous financial period which is expected to Split and the first three months with a minus of 30 million.
 Rebalance comes late, it&#39;s supposed to do a lot previously. In fact, we should now have a new budget, and we think that by the end of the year will be another budget amendment. Mayor&#39;s proposals and the promises would not acknowledge it when we say that the budget is overblown, the mayor was optimistic. By the end of the city will have less than 300 million - said Sanjay Bilac (HDZ). Jurjević: Pre-election promises fell into the water - This is the second revision, so the budget will be revised, rebalansovog revision. It is obvious that the budget is not filled as expected, it is obvious that the campaign promises fell into the water. This will not only be a city of poor people and poor people than the city. It is the collapse of the policy promises. The budget reflects the policy that leads to someone, and the politics of this city suffered a fiasco. In any one part will not improve but deteriorate. It is a transfer from one area to another, the holes are patched up.
 The situation is already critical crisis - said Marin Jurjevic (SDP). - Mrs. Vucetic avoiding to give an exact figure on how much the City uprihodovao of 1 January 18th November We know that the city is not flooded more than 650 million, there were no City Center One City budget would still be at 550 million occupancy. The city is located on 55 percent of planned budget plan, which means that the city is going completely bankrupt. This is all a blur, and throwing sand in people&#39;s eyes - said Hrvoje Tomasović (HSP).
 