Assassin email, probably the most common word that could be heard yesterday in the technological world after Facebook unveiled its System Messages, which should provide users with what a classic e-mail can not. Mark Zuckerberg yesterday was clearly stated: Messages not a killer e-mail, but he will die in the present form because Facebookovog supplement technological world. Joel Seligstein, the engineer responsible for the development of messages, talked to TechCrunch about another more important question - does boot Gmail Messages death. He said he does not believe that this will happen, but it would Messages Gmail, as well as all other services, seized all private communication. Simply put, Messages will be used to communicate with friends, and other services to obtain a bank account or newsletter. &quot;And our team members still use email. Messages are really focusing on people and personal communication.
 We quickly realized that our email inboxes have become focused on the bank statements, etc., and our inbox on Facebook, people. We found that there is a certain duality, and that both are extremely useful. I do not know what the future of email. I think we&#39;re trying to take the personal sphere of e-mail, and it is virtually the only thing that interests us, &quot;said Seligstein. Of course,&quot; steal &quot;customers to Gmail, the third largest email service in the world after Yahoo Mail and Hotmail, which despite some problems suffered tremendously confidence around the world, will not be easy. PC World lists five spheres in which Facebook could have a significant advantage over Gmail. Firstly, there are photos. Gmail is still struggling with the system displaying photos, and did not develop its own browser for the slideshow. If Facebook managed to integrate third-party application, such as Flickr, Messages in your system, it could result in his big advantage.
 Gmail also has problems with the system sort the conversation. Facebook, with its display system status, but showed a significant innovation, which offers the potential advantage. As other possible benefits of integration are set out in the biography&#39;s profile, better manage groups of contacts, or even possible to add a button for &quot;lajkanje&quot; on the links that are shared across the messages. Finally, in the &quot;theft&quot; of personal communication is probably the biggest advantage will be very Facebook page. Rather than go with Facebook on Gmail to send mails to users in the future, all private communications could lead to one place. &quot;What is the best of all, it&#39;s all free. Facebook may have been created for individual users, but is also an important platform for business marketing and communications, except for one thing - email. Adding email to the pot could be the final piece of the puzzle that will Facebook make not only the largest social network, but also terrifying business tool.
 Google should be careful, &quot;he said in other posts on PC World columnist Tony Bradley. Charlene Li on SearchEngineLandu also thinks that one of the implications of introducing Messages migration from traditional email. Today&#39;s figures look like this. If we assume that not all users use the Messages , we would have about 350 users a new tool Facebookovog, 363 million Hotmail users, 303 million users, Yahoo Mail and Gmail&#39;s 171 million. &quot;initial assumption Facebook Messages that you have a real relationship with their friends. I expect that Facebook will continue to prioritize the system developed further messages within the inbox, but will also emphasize the fact that it is important that you do one on the list of friends. For example, if you want to have contact with any person, will play a key role have you on their friends list. Anyone will be able to send e-mail address to someone on Facebook, but he will not get priority in their inbox if the sender is not on the list of friends.
 It could be the biggest difference. However, in the end the question of safety that are already set up with any other email service, but what is it with Facebook, and perhaps even more pronounced. On account of all the problems that Facebook had the protection of privacy, the question is how many people will have enough confidence in the most popular social service, to be shared across it the most sensitive forms of personal communication.
 