The city of Zadar and the Zadar County last weekend hosted another internationally recognized kinološkoj event, the tenth exhibition of dogs which is called DOG SHOW CACIB ZADAR 2010 on Saturday and Sunday, held on the courts of the campsite hotel company Borik. And this time more than well was jointly organized by the Croatian Kennel Club from Zagreb and Zadar Kennel Association Dalmatian dog. On Saturday, the strikingly beautiful and sunny spring weather and the presence of many visitors and lovers of dogs in ten exhibition circuit occurred in 487 dogs from 105 breeds, while on Sunday occurred 462 dogs from 114 breeds. Most, 479 dogs in this prestigious event cynological came from a number of Croatian cities and towns of Zadar and Nin, Zagreb, Osijek, Umaga, Samobor Sibenik, Split, Rijeka, Bjelovar, Pula, Karlovac ... Another country in terms of numbers was Italy with 145 dogs, followed by Slovenia with 49 dogs, Russia with 44, followed by Poland, Hungary, Czech Republic, Germany, France, Austria, Belgium, Netherlands, Slovakia, Switzerland, Montenegro, Cyprus and Estonia.
 At the opening ceremony of the assembled participants and guests of the first in the name HKS addressed by President Dr. vet. med. Damir Skok, who wished luck to the participants and visitors of the beautiful moments. - Words of praise also extend to those without whom this exhibition would not be, and they are mostly members of local associations Cynological Dalmatian led by President Branko pattern, &quot;said CBF President&#39;s Leap, who in turn asked President Branko Sarah to speak and to open event. - I wish you all together once again to thank you for coming to this ancient Croatian city of Zadar and you recognize him as a rich destination. If you do not win a prize do not complain because it is imperative to participate and be nice to hang out here, were the words of Brandon Sare who then opened the exhibition. The two-day event functioned flawlessly. Certainly the most responsible job on their backs were presented by members of the Organizing Committee Damir Skok, Branko Sare, Bojan Mataković, Sanja Flea, Flea Petra, Nada Petkovic, T. Hrs and delegate Vibor Jezek.
 No less valuable and demanding work done by the judges of this event and to kinološke Srecko Kukic, Igor Mioč, Zeljko Žilnik and Milan Čulinović from Croatian, Noel Beggs and June Wall, Ireland, Andrew Brace from England, Peter Machetanz from Germany, the Netherlands Gerard Jiping and Zdenka Jilkova from the Czech Republic. This two-day event cynological is visited by gusto reviewed the organizers said tens of thousands of spectators. Among them, of course, most were held, although they could see the cars with license plates of Zagreb, Split, Osijek, Rijeka, Dubrovnik, Karlovac, and our other cities. Also there were a lot of foreign registrations in which the Italians forefront. Among them, special attention was attracted visitors to the bus which are distant from Russia arrived in Zadar participants and visitors of this tenth anniversary event. Centre Croatian kinologije - Once again I thank the Zadar city and county government for the support provided by all our activities in Zadar, which Donatus this town into a center of Croatian kinologije.
 For this we show in spite of the recession and austerity measures have had a similar number of dogs, as in previous years, which makes us especially happy and glad. Exhibition of Zadar is not our biggest, but it has a special charm. Complex Borika with clean water every year attracts a growing number of exhibitors, and HKS is really great relationship with the Kennel Association in Zadar, Dalmatian dog, he said adding that he will jump next year, Croatia will host World Cup tragačkih dogs a year after Zadar will be host the World Cup continental pointers. Winners FIRST DAY OF BIS (Best in Show) BEST IN SHOW was HIDDEN VALLEY vsaka dog breeds from Maltese owner Valentine Zagar from the Slovenian town Maribora.Drugo place won dog ARE THE ONE IN POLAND DRYAS from a family of large schnauzer owner Andrzej Grabalowskog Polish, while third place went to a German Shepherd dog named NERO ZLATOLIČNI from the Slovenian town of Ptuj.
 For the most beautiful Croatian autochthonous dog was named tornjak LEMIA owners Darko Kelemen from Petrijanec. Second place went to the Dalmatian dog owners ALPHADIRATO FUTURE BRAND Leela Ratas from Estonia, while the third position at the Istrian short-haired hound owners DONA I Milanovic from Sinj. For the most beautiful pair were named the Dutch-Belgian pair of Australian Shepherds Some Kind of Magics HEY LADIES and Some Kind of Magics HOT STUFF, while for the most beautiful dog youngest elected ROXYD.B.ARTIC the Siberian Husky breed, the owner of Polish Beata Jasinka. The title of the most beautiful veterans took the Dalmatian DALMINA ETERNAL ELETRRA Zeljko Drazic from Zagreb, while the most beautiful hunting dog named Irish Setter LADY SWAN SCOTCH ON THE ROCKS owners Ljuba Justinka from Vrpolje near Sibenik. SECOND DAY OF BIS (Best in Show) Best Dog in the exhibition came from families Cane Corso named PRIMA SOLO MANCHESTER owner and manager Fedotov O. Vysotskoga from the Russian town Novosibirska.Drugu prize is a German Shepherd Dog kennel owners Nero Zlatolični &quot;Zlatolični&quot; from Slovenian town of Ptuj, while third place went to the dog breed poodle named Mali BALBINOS DON JOLLY-BABY FOR JAZZ owner Krisztina Schultheisz from Hungary.
 Beautiful job hunting dog named dog named BEST OF THE BEST MARINY KURANOVOY breeds from miniature wire-haired dachshund kennel owners Pritulaa Teatralnay from the Russian town Blagoveshenska. Title beautiful youngest dog went to the dog AFFERGLOW EMMA PEEL from small breeds basset owner grihon Natalia Kalaček Radovanovic from Popovec in Zagreb. Certainly the most difficult task was the Irish Judge Wall, which was June of 35 young dogs should choose the most beautiful puppy. After a long monitoring Wall decided to be a dog breed Samoyed named NOX-POLI FLORENCE owner of Snow White and Francis Kovačev from Djurdjevac. 04.05.2010. Add to favorite articles Send to a friend Print Comment
 