The death of almost all the Polish political leadership without a doubt an event of historical significance. Though everything points to an accident, it will certainly stop the process of normalization of Polish-Russian relations for which both sides are obviously estimated that of mutual interest, balancing the Poles because of their position in relation to the rest of the EU, the Russians because of the desire to get closer to the Union. It is interesting that Putin, although the direct successor to the Stalinist rulers, in the Russo-Polish rapprochement invested in recognition of the terrible crimes Katynskoj forest, which only aim was the physical destruction of the Polish elite sword, heart and mind. How much time separates you from Josipovic, as the direct successor titoističkih Communists, which does not fall even dare to take the full composition of the Croatian political vrhuške to Bleiburg. And there, under the slogan New Justice, publicly distance himself from the much more comprehensive, genocidal communist crimes against his own, and not the neighboring nations.
 With such thinking, we asked a friend HKV, Dr. J. Przystawu, university professor of physics in Wroclaw and one of the early leading member of solidarity, for our readers Portal describe the mood in Poland, after the tragedy that befell her. (S. Barisic) Poland national tragedy into the forest Katyńskoj Terrible morning news 10th April shocked Poland: Tupolev-154 plane crashed a few kilometers from Katyńske forests of one of the biggest Polish national tragedy. In the spring 1940th nearly 5 thousand Polish officers were murdered there by the Soviet NKVD executioners and buried in mass graves. The aircraft was a high Polish delegation to the 70th anniversary of the murders in the woods Katyńskoj: President Lech Kaczynski with her husband, the last Polish president in exile Ryszard Kaczorowski, all the top generals in the chain of command including the Polish Armed Forces Commander Staff, many members of Parliament, ministers and many other important Polish politicians.
 Among the dead were, for example, the Polish State Ombudsman Janusz Kochanowski, director of the Institute of National Remembrance of the past (IPN) Janusz Kurtyka, the legendary heroine of &quot;Solidarnosc&quot; Anna Walentynowicz. After the shock and disbelief at the Polish mind first comes Katyń. Large, deep unhealed wound in Polish folk memory, never forgotten crime against Poles, secret inhuman murder of thousands of Polish intellectuals. They were captured in the war and then killed one by one bullet in the nape. Initially, the Soviets tried this terrible crime attributed to the Germans, but after only half a century, were reluctant to admit to the crime of their guilt. A few days ago Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin visited Katyń accompanied by Donald Tusk, the President of the Polish Government, knelt down and condemned the crime. But now we have re Katyn, amazing and awful death of the Polish president and the top of the Polish political scene who came to pray and to remember their loved ones buried in the woods Katyńskoj.
 For Poles, this tragedy is symbolic, it&#39;s a sign. But the question is why is it a sign. The puzzles that we think intensely. The cause of the disaster is still unknown. There are reports that say that according to Russian sources pilot error occurred. It is hard to believe. Polish pilots were on a good reputation, and these were among the best. It is easier to believe that the aircraft was defective because there are constant complaints about the quality of Soviet Tupolev aircraft that is still used in Poland. But in this explanation to me is also hard to believe. What is it? Sabotage? Many historical events down to polish the mind and they were immediately mentioned by various commentators in Poland. First, the mind falls Gibraltar disaster 1943rd year, when General Sikorski, the Polish leader, was killed in a plane crash. There are still historians who mention that the Soviets were behind the tragedy.
 The accident occurred shortly after the murder was discovered in Katyn and after the Soviet government broke relations with the Polish government in exile. Next ominous event occurred in the spring 1945th , when the Soviets called treasonous four p.m. leader in the underground Polish government for talks, only to be subsequently arrested, condemned and executed. There is no doubt that this new tragedy cast a new shadow on the Polish - Russian relations. Experts from Russia and the Polish conducted an investigation to determine the real cause of disaster. The Polish Government has declared the week of national mourning. Throughout Poland, people go to church and pray for the victims and their homeland. Everybody is talking about the actual consequences of this terrible tragedy. Chairman of the Sejm [lower house of Polish Parliament, prim. prev], Bronislaw Komorowski has already assumed office as President of the Polish and moved up to the presidential palace. The palace and the Office of the President remained empty after the tragedy, and Komorowski will not have opposition.
 Bronisław Komorowski is a member of the ruling party, Obywatelska Platform (PO) [Civic Platform, prim. prev], and was a friend of Lech Kaczynski, was in fact his main rival in upcoming presidential campaign. Now, under the constitution, presidential elections must be held before the summer, and must be changed throughout this year&#39;s political calendar. Elections have been scheduled for October. Who will be his main rival? Until now we thought it would be former President Lech Kaczynski, but now? Will you take the role of Jarosław Kaczyński and his brother to participate in the presidential race? It is highly likely, and probably inevitable, given that his party, and Prawo sprawiedliwość [Law and Justice, prim. prev], can be difficult in such a short time to find another candidate. According to public opinion polls, Komorowski was easy to beat Lech Kaczynski, but now, after the tragedy, the mood of the population may change, usually have sympathy for the victims.
 For now it seems that the platform Obywatelska on the winning track: both branches of executive power in the country, the Government and the President, were in her hands, while the opposition party, linked to the fallen president, lost much of its elite in a plane crash. It will not, however, be an easy victory: a huge crowd mourners who gather in prayer in Warsaw and other Polish cities around can be a sign of an unexpected reversal in the political scale. Jerzy Przystawa Polish National Tragedy at the Katyn Forest Terrible news of the 10th April morning shocked Poland: Tupolev-154 crashed a few kilometers from the Katyń Forest, the place of one of the greatest Polish national tragedies. In the Spring of 1940 nearly 5 thousand Polish officers had been murdered there by the Soviet NKVD executioners and buried in mass graves. On the board of the plane there was a huge Polish State Delegation to Commemorate the 70th Anniversary of the Katyn Murder with the President Lech Kaczynski and his wife, the last Polish President-in - Exile Ryszard Kaczorowski, all top commanding generals of the Polish Armed Forces, including the Chief of the General Staff, many members of Parliament, numerous ministers and various other important Polish political figures.
 Among the killed in the crash were eg the Polish Ombudsman Janusz Kochanowski, the head of the Institute of National Remembrance (IPN) Janusz Kurtyka and a legendary hero of &quot;Solidarnosc&quot; Anna Walentynowicz. After the shock and disbelief the first thing that comes to mind is a Polish Katyń. A great, deep unhealed wound in Polish national memory, never forgotten crime against the Polish nation, secrete Inhuman murder of many thousands of members of the Polish intellectual elite, taken prisoners of war, and then killed, one by one, with shots at the back of the head. A horrible crime that Soviets first tried to put on the German shoulders and only after half a century unwillingly admitted that in fact it was their deed. A few days ago the Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin went to Katyń together with Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, kneeled there and uttered words of condemnation of the crime.
 And now we have another Katyn again, an unbelievable, catastrophical death of the Polish President at the head of a Polish political elite, coming to pray and commemorate their darlings buried in the Katyń Forest. For a Polish mind this tragedy is symbolic, it is a sign! But a sign of what? This is a mystery we are now going to break our heads over. The cause of the catastrophe is not yet known. There are reports that according to some Russian sources it must have been a pilot&#39;s error. This is hard to believe. The Polish pilots have a good reputation and these were the best of them. It is easier to think that the aircraft was faulty as there are permanent complains about the quality of the Soviet Tupolev planes Which are still on service in Poland. But I find such an explanation also difficult to accept. Then what? A sabotage? A number of historical events come to a Polish mind and they were immediately mentioned by various commentators in Poland.
 At first comes the Gibraltar Catastrophy of 1943 when General Sikorski, the Polish Head of State, was killed in the air crash. There are still historians who maintain that there Soviets were behind that tragedy. The accidents happened soon after the Katyń Murder was disclosed and the Soviet Government broke the relations with the Polish Government-in-Exile. Another Ominous event was Spring 1945 when Soviets treacherously invited 16 leaders of the Polish Underground State to negotiate and then imprisoned, sentenced and executed them. There is no doubt that this new tragedy will throw another shade on the Polish-Russian relationship. Experts from Russia and from Poland conduct investigations to define the real cause of the catastrophe. The Polish Government announced a whole week of national mourning. All over Poland people go to churches to pray for the victims and for their Homeland. Everybody now talks about the immediate consequences of this terrible happening.
 The Speaker of the Sejm, Bronislaw Komorowski already took over the duties of the President of Poland and moved into the Presidential Palace. The Presidential Palace and the Chancellary have been emptied by the tragedy and Komorowski will meet no opposition. Bronisław Komorowski is from the ruling party, Obywatelska Platform (PO), he was no friend of Lech Kaczyński and in fact his chief competitor in the forthcoming presidential campaign. Now, according to the Constitiution, the presidential election has to take place before the coming Summer, the whole political calendar of the year has to be changed. The election had been scheduled for October this year. Who will be his chief opponent? So far we thought that it will be the Incumbent Lech Kaczyński but now? Jarosław Kaczyński will take over after his brother and stand for the presidential contest? It is very likely and perhaps unavoidable as his party, and sprawiedliwość Prawo, can hardly find another candidate in such a short time.
 According to opinion polls Komorowski might have had an easy victory over Lech Kaczyński but now, after the tragedy, the mood of the population may change, we usually like to sympathize with the victims. For the time being, Obywatelska platform seems to be on the winnig side: both branches of the state executive power, the Government and the President are in their hands, the opposition party, linked with the late president, has lost most of its elite in the air crash. But it shall not be an easy victory: The Gigantic throngs of mourners, assembled to pray in Warsaw and other cities all over Poland may be a sign of an unexpected tipping of the political scale. Jerzy Przystawa Wrocław, 10th April 2010
 