- Taxpayers do not pay me to talk to people around the world just what they want to hear. Honest I was up to now, I will continue to - defend the British Prime Minister David Cameron from accusations that in his travels around the world never seen before speaking directly and harshly on some countries, whose political weight is not exactly trivial. Reuters notes that Cameron was initially infuriated Israel when he visited Turkey in Ankara prison camp called Gaza. Then on the same occasion indirectly fired mumps France and Germany claim that the opponents of Turkish membership in the European Union &quot;protectionists burdened prejudice&quot;, and then went to India and there offensively talked about their traditional enemy, Pakistan, accusing the country to &quot;promote the export of terror &#39; ... - I believe in friendly countries need to speak openly - Cameron told the British media, and the support it has, as expected, and Foreign Minister William Hague.
 On the island, but much more broadly, it is speculated that Cameron&#39;s behavior, &quot;like an elephant in staklarnici&quot; wrong his inexperience in international politics, and youth. Specifically, the 43 years he was the youngest British prime minister in nearly two hundred years, even though Tony Blair was just a year older than him when in 1997. over the hood. However, some analysts think that the new dictionary may be permanent and the announcement of a different political style that aims to break with the traditional &quot;stuffy&quot; and thin uzusima London, at least when it comes to big and powerful. And while he at home call for explanation, Cameron&#39;s statement on Pakistan sparked an avalanche of enthusiasm in the Indian media. However, it has countered the Pakistani High Commissioner in London, Wajid Shamsul, who is notorious in the Guardian beech youthful prime minister. Similarly, Israel responded to Ambassador Ron Prosor saying that the situation in Gaza blame Hamas terrorist, not a Jewish state.
 Anyway, Cameron&#39;s visit to India was an opportunity to host asking for the famous 105-carat diamond Koh-i-noor, one of the largest in the world, now in the crown of the Queen Mother. At one time it was donated by Indian dignitaries to Queen Victoria, but many Indians argue that this does not have legitimacy. Asked on the Indian TV station whether Britain to return the jewel, Cameron is zagrcnuo and - after the distressful hesitation - said that the first time heard that question and that the return is not an option.
 