Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva on Sunday said that the maintenance of new elections in the country to consider only after it is completely calm anti-government riots and protests of activists called. crvenokošuljaša. In the weekly address to the nation via public television, the Prime Minister announced the continuation of harsh measures against rioters and the extension of curfews in Bangkok and several provinces until Tuesday. A curfew was introduced Wednesday in the capital Bangkok and 23 other provinces after the capital of Thailand, the biggest riots occurred in the last 20 years that have killed at least 54 people and injured more than 400th Anti-government protesters, so called. crvenokošuljaši, supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, of 12 March protests and seek early elections. Abhisit Vejjajiva Prime Minister in his address on Sunday said he would decide &quot;when the best time to hold elections.&quot;
 The Prime Minister also announced an independent investigation into the deaths of at least six protesters in a Buddhist temple, where on Wednesday night for more than 3 000 protesters sought refuge when he came to Bangkok to violent clashes between government forces and crvenokošuljaša. Some protesters claimed that the soldiers were shooting at them after they retreated to the temple, where it killed at least six people. Thai authorities are investigating the deaths of nine people, whose burned body was found in the basement of one of the biggest malls in Asia, Central World in the heart of Bangkok, which was blocked by protesters for days on Wednesday and burned, a government spokesman confirmed Panitan Wattanyakorn. Thai TV in English, TAN Network, reported on Sunday that the big cleanup capital after riots and clashes stopped when the soldiers found 20 homemade explosive devices.
 Television has reported that in the vicinity of the main strongholds of protesters in downtown of the city and found four car bombs. Schools and public institutions need to re-open on Monday. (REUTERS / metro-portal)
 