Jesus in the temple. Here is the house of his Father (Luke 2.49). Jesus knew bivati often in the temple. There is room for everyone and for the Pharisees and the Sadducees. It appears that the Sadducees were carefully listened to every spoken word of Jesus, so they could catch in a trap. But Jesus knew the Scriptures because it is their achievement. Without a doubt, the Sadducees are wrong intentions. They want to ridicule Jesus and in a very tricky way. They wanted, služeæi the Torah, to put Jesus in front of the wall. Nobody would want to find in such a situation in which he found Jesus. But unfortunately, it&#39;s happening to us. People often try out our religious feelings, question, offer false solutions from the Bible and all this under the pretext of friendship and goodwill. Jesus is fully trusting in His Father. He knew the Bible. Lived every word. God breathes rijeèju. So sorry example. And we are in moments of teasing, testing should be submitted to God. In addition, read the Bible must become an everyday food.
 In the biblical texts is the truth and the answer to every question. And even on what will be with us dogadati after death and after resurrection. Sadducees, the belief that there is no resurrection of the body. So they ask Jesus for a case with a woman who was, according to the levirate law (Deut. 25, 5) married to seven brothers. It was not clear whom it will belong to the resurrection. Jesus&#39; teaching about the resurrection of the body did that to them is really absurd. But Jesus knows the real answer to give. He politely argued. Use the biblical texts. The question of the Sadducees, it seems quite ridiculous. However, most people in the same way could now ask for the fate of man after the resurrection. How do we look? How we dress up? Shall we be better than that of life? Shall we get married again and marry? But we do not ask Jesus because he testing you but because we muèi curiosity. Today, the man wanted to know everything. But everyone knows that there would be no room for faith and hope.
 Perhaps it is better because it has a lot to us unknown. Jesus&#39; answer is very simple and based also on the Torah. Time saducejcima wants to show that they are right. The Lord God is living and all live in it. He is the God of the Patriarchs, which will also awaken them to life (Ex. 3,2.5). In addition, between physical death and resurrection there is a special form of presence of the soul. Life after the resurrection there will be an extension of earthly life. Thus there will be no place for suffering and pain. In life after the resurrection there will be no more evil, and then you go and disease, tears, hard work. Our body will be nice and especially transformed, as it was after Jesus&#39; resurrection. Besides Jesus speaks of a completely different way of life that is not related to live together in marriage. Everyone will, therefore, to live like an angel and would not marry or marry or bear children. Jesus&#39; speech is really silenced the Sadducees. Now I can not complain any more.
 Just feel his weakness and ignorance. And for us it is an incentive to holiness in order to be worthy of resurrection of the righteous to eternal life. Thus there is life after death èije the full realization of the resurrection. Pater Arek Krasicki CSSP Comments Add New Search Powered by JoomlaCommentCopyright (C) 2006 Frantisek Hliva. All rights reserved.Homepage: http://cavo.co.nr/
 