The UN Security Council today condemned the Israeli attack on a humanitarian convoy that was driving assistance in Gaza, requesting an independent investigation into the incident. UN seeks immediate release of the ships and civilians captured by Israel. According to The Jerusalem Post has arrested about 480 activists, of which 48 were deported from Israel this morning. Meanwhile, two new ships with humanitarian aid headed to Gaza. An extraordinary session of the Security Council took almost all night, because of disagreements over the adoption of a common member of the document transmitted diplomats. NATO members will be this afternoon in Brussels held an extraordinary meeting on Turkey&#39;s request. At least 19 people were killed in yesterday&#39;s assault several hundred soldiers of the Israeli Navy on humanitarian convoy of six ships, carrying 10,000 tons of aid for Palestinians in Gaza. A convoy of 700 activists from 50 countries, the army was intercepted in international waters, 64 km from the coast of Gaza, attacking Turkish ship Mavi Marmara.
 By starting with a convoy of Cyprus, Israel has warned that the way to Gaza to be disabled due to blockade of the Gaza Strip, which runs from 2007. Killed and parliamentarians fleet is not stopped, the commandos were landed from a helicopter and was followed by gunfire. While Israel claims that the commandos were attacked, and knives, axes, and in some versions of the guns, humanitarians for the western media testify that there was no reason for the firing soldiers. Al-Jazeera newscaster said that the convoy was traveling under a white flag and that none of the humanitarian is not shot, but the relationship with him has been lost with the shouts in Hebrew: &quot;Everybody shut up!&quot; The convoy was carrying, among other things, prefabricated houses, 500 wheelchairs and medical equipment. Wounded a 30-odd humanitarian and a few soldiers, and ships are prepraćeni the Israeli port of Ashdod. Among the dead was, apparently, the Turkish parliamentarian, among the arrested two German parliamentarians from the party Die Linke.
 Because of this, the hot connection with Tel Aviv and Angela Merkel. Vehemently reacted entire diplomatic world, especially Turkey, which recalled ambassadors in Tel Aviv. Turkey cancels three previously planned military exercises with Israel in an attempt to break into the Israeli consulate in Istanbul, the police had to prevent the 10,000 protesters. - Israel will suffer the consequences of such behavior! - The Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Because of the massacre in the capital of BiH protested several hundred citizens of Sarajevo, including local citizens of Turkey and Palestine. Israel blocks Gaza since Hamas took power a week and allows the delivery of 15,000 tonnes of aid for which the UN says that less than a quarter required. Pouring condemn Israel UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he was shocked by the attack. Israel regrets the casualties, but an attack justifies the risk of shipping arms to Hamas. Turkey, Denmark, Spain, Greece and Sweden have urged the ambassadors of Israel to protest and condemn the government pljuštale from major EU countries such as France, Germany, and V.
 Britain. The U.S. now requires urgent and careful determination of the circumstances that led to bloodshed. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan spoke about &quot;state terrorism of Israel.&quot; About half were killed by Turks, and the ships were also citizens of the United States, Australia, Canada and a number of Western countries. European Union - Methods for Israel is highly reprehensible and must be carried out immediate investigation. EU does not accept further blockade of the Gaza Strip. White House - the United States deeply regrets and requires an urgent clarification of circumstances that led to tragedy. UNRWA - We are shocked by the murder of a ship that was transporting food. The tragedy would not happen if Israel does not insist on kontraproduktivnoj blockade of Gaza. Ehud Barak - The convoy was a political provocation. The organizers are to blame for the conflict.
 