Venue: Abroad, Ireland, Great Britain Learning foreign languages abroad, in the original area and speaking with native speakers, an invaluable experience for anyone who wants to improve their knowledge and expand an existing horizons. ENGLISH - DUBLIN, IRELAND Alpha College School of English is located in the center of Dublin, on North Great George&#39;s Street, close to major shopping areas, restaurants and pubs. The school is situated in a beautiful historic building georgijanskoj. Students can use the cafeteria, computer room, library, student center, etc. During the visit, the school organizes a large number of half-or full-day trips, sightseeing, tours of cultural and entertainment events, etc. Alpha College of English offers a wide selection of courses in English, including a month&#39;s general English (General English), Business English (Business English), preparatory courses for exams (English Examinations) as Cambridge, TOEIC, IELTS and TEFL courses for teachers (Teacher Training).
 Students can start with teèaj every Monday throughout the year, minimum stay is one week. Month&#39;s general level of knowledge of English language courses are held for seven levels of knowledge, from initial to advanced (Beginner to Advanced Level (A1 to C2). Courses Business English takes place in three levels, from Intermediate to Advanced (B2 to C2). Size groups and age groups for English classes do not exceed the number of 14 students, most of them 8-12. Participants must be older than 16 years. Testing the arrival Upon arrival at Alpha College students get called. placement test which determines the level of knowledge Language and classified in the appropriate group. ENGLISH - LONDON, UK School is located in the heart of London (three minutes walk from Oxford Circus) and has a 45-year experience in poduèavanju English. The school offers a wide range of courses, depending on whether you want to improve their opæeg English communication skills or specialist knowledge of business English: The course&#39;s general student STANDARD enables improved communication skills in English, fokusirajuæi on grammar and expansion of the dictionary, speaking, listening and writing.
 The intention of the course is to boost student&#39;s confidence in the everyday use of language. They use video, audio, computer equipment and authentic texts to ensure maximum effectiveness in teaching. The intensity of the course is 20 hours per week, or 4 hours a day. Maximum 12 students in the group 20 hours a week teaching classes in the morning Leave upitPrijavi netoèan content ... Tags: training abroad, teèaj English
 