Defence Ministry official Michael Furlong is a person hired under contract by private security companies, which employed former members of the CIA and Special Forces. They then gather information on the whereabouts of suspected militants and the locations of rebel camps, which are proslijeđivane military forces and intelligence officials to the potentially lethal actions in Afghanistan and Pakistan, writes on Monday, The New York Times, citing unnamed officials. After military officials suspected that the water Furlong spy operation that is not according to regulations, and that his secret network improperly funded, diverting money from other programs, its operation has apparently stopped, and he was under criminal investigation by the ministry of defense, officials said. Furlongov case is especially sensitive because Pakistan, which is believed to be hiding leaders of Al Qaeda and the Taliban, as it may seem as an attempt to circumvent the ban on U.S. military personnel activities, introduced by the Pakistani government.
 It is generally considered illegal to the U.S. Army hires a person under contract to act as spies. &quot;Although no legitimate intelligence operations is not ruined, it&#39;s generally a bad idea to have a &#39;freelancer&#39; circling a war zone by pretending to be James Bond,&quot; said one U.S. government official for the NY Times. Furlong has extensive experience in pshiloškom warfare &quot;, which is a military term for the use of information in the war, and worked on numerous područjuma, including Iraq and the Balkans. It is not clear when it began its operations, but dužnonsici say appears to have intensified in the summer of 2009. And that until its termination has developed a network of spies in Afghanistan and Pakistan in charge to locate insurgents. Mid-2008., The military has charged Furlong to lead the program to use private companies to collect information on political and tribal life in Afghanistan, through the company&#39;s International Media Ventures for the government allocated 22 million U.S. dollars.
 The company has opened a website Afpax. Rear Admiral Gregory Smith, a top military spokesman in Afghanistan, told the NY Times that in June 2009. He opposed funding Afpaxa, which was to stop the CIA. The army, in his words employed nine staff in the International Media Ventures routine tasks. For about 15 million U.S. dollars approved Furlong not filed accounts, &quot;Smith said. &quot;The story is some serious doubts and raises many issues which require further review in the ministry, said on Monday, Pentagon spokesman Bryan Whitman. Furlong is currently a senior civilian employee of Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas. Base commander Lieutenant Colonel Kathleen Cook, declined a request for a NY Times interview with Furlong. (REUTERS / metro-portal)
 