VATICAN CITY - It should never tire of praying for justice, &quot;said Pope Benedict XVI at St. Peter&#39;s Square at the Vatican where he led the solemn Mass of canonization of six blessed including the Australian nun Mary McKillop (1842nd-1909th) who was excommunicated 1871st, as reported by a pedophile priest. &quot;No matter how much prayer can seem an unnecessary or superfluous activity, however, should not tire of praying and seeking justice, addressing the Lord,&quot; said Benedict XVI in his homily during the solemn Mass of canonization of new saints and the saints, saying that one should not despair but still insist on praying. Australia&#39;s first saint Mary of the Cross (Mary Helen) MacKillop, who founded the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart, which John Paul II. beatified 1995th During his visit to Australia, and was excommunicated, as reported by one priest, Father Patrick Keating of the parish near the city of Adelaide, that he had sexually abused minors.
 Father Keating was returned to Ireland (officially due to alcoholism), whence he came, but his brother in the faith appealed to the local bishop, Laurence Shiel, the behavior of MacKillop. Bishop Sheil is to punish Mary MacKillop excommunication, but before his death, he realized the mistake and withdrew after five months, excommunication. Postulatorica cause of canonization MacKillop, Sister Maria Casey, on the Vatican radio said that the problem of pedophile priests who reported the new saint was the only one of many factors why she had problems with the Australian church leaders. Sister McKillop was against all forms of discrimination and oppression. However, in an official statement the Vatican canonization of Australian nun says she was &quot;excommunicated for alleged insubordination,&quot; and that &quot;excommunication was not valid.&quot; Besides Maey Australian nuns, Pope Benedict XVI has declared today the Saints five more people.
 These are Stanislaw Kazimierczyk Soltys (1433rd-1489th), a priest among the regular canons lateranskih; Andre (Alfred) Bessette (1854th-1937), monk, venerable brother, the Congregation of Holy Cross; Candida Maria de Jesus (Juana Josefa) Cipitria y Barriola (1845th-1912th), who founded the Congregation of Daughters of Jesus, Giulia Salzano (1846th-1929th), founder of Congregation of Sisters of the Sacred Heart katehistica and that Camilla Battista Varano (1458th-1524th), the Poor Clares.
 