podmetnuto.com Transcripts sms message I Pukaniæa, reveal that Pukaniæ shortly before his death and the contractor negotiated a secret deal with the national oil company INA, and is likely to reach an agreement with Pukaniæem around this deal were enabled and controversial entrepreneur Andrew Keviæ Minister Finance Ivan © uker, ¹ and former CEO of the INA, Tomislav Dragièeviæ, ¹ and former member of the INA&#39;s Joe Petrovic and CEO JANAF Ante Markov. No Franjiæ led Pukaniæev secret project with INA According to sources you ¹ s because of these contracts is Pukaniæ attempt came across Bianca Matkoviæ arrange a secret meeting with Sanader. For the operationalization of a secret deal with the INA, is authorized Pukaniæ Niku Franjiæa, ¹, thus proving sms correspondence with the late Franjiæem. However, the text transcript does not reveal what kind of work done. SMS messages and Franjiæa Pukaniæa reveal the existence of phantom Pukaniæevog work with INA highest ¹ s about the phantom Pukaniæevom work, whose value is likely to scale its correspondence with the Franjiæem million, has learned from just sms correspondence and the Nike Franjiæa Pukaniæa.
 &quot;The problem is clear, this guy does not wants to get the project. A TD may be ashamed, you did so much for this man. It is shameful and pathetic to TD &quot;, pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu in a text message of 26 September 2008. , at 19:22 AM. Under the &quot;TD&quot;, in the context of the entire text of correspondence Franjiæa Pukaniæa and it is certain that this is precisely the former CEO ¹ em INA Tomislav Dragièeviæu. &quot;Can you to that call and you ¹ TD, to ask him ¹ What are you talking this whole blame ¾&quot; continues Franjiæ Pukaniæu SMS messages, 26 September 2008. in 20:50 hours. That was really suspicious about the job with the national oil company, suggests one of the text messages Nike Franjiæa Pukaniæu, that same evening, 26 September 2008. in 23:14 hrs: &quot;If necessary I will go to jail, or mail to you do not worry, you&#39;re my friend. I would not hit you but in the back, all but one did not. &quot; For the phone to Franjiæ avao attempt to conceal his relationship with Pukaniæem? In addition, the continuation and sms correspondence Franjiæa Pukaniæa clearly shows that the Franjiæ planned to go from Nacional in order to conceal his relationship with Pukaniæevom media group, or to discover connections and Pukaniæa Franjiæa not to jeopardize this phantom operation with INA.
 &quot;After all, it ¹ happened is not good to appear in uopæe Nacional. Easily may check whether there doing. We must pay attention to details, and to yourself &#39;¾ e ¹ &quot;e ¹ pi Franjiæ Pukaniæu 26th September 2008. in 23:40 hours. &quot;I speak for Puki with Marino, he agrees with me is that you should not come to work in the BBC, because there is a possibility that I can check and would have a new problem,&quot; pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu next day, 27 September 2008. in 18:05 hours. The project with the INA was threatened ¾ en, however, because of something is this whole business operation apparently was seriously threatened a woman, mail in your SMS correspondence with Pukaniæem Franjiæ constant and sudden ¹ state, and tries to find a solution ¹ of the situation in which to mail it. Pukaniæ is, however, like the ka ¾ e, pessimistic about the continuation of this project. &quot;Mere, I was the worst for you, and you&#39;re invested in the company, I do not want you to fail the whole thing and I could not even ¹ ¹ to do to fix the whole thing means that the mail would be made.
 We may not afford to lose because we have to mail the right thing for them, &quot;pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu 27th September 2008. in 20:03 hours. &quot;© efe, and to call tomorrow ¹ ¹ T and asks him to mail it creates such a problem all around. If the problem is the paperwork and little things that we learn to resolve mail, but if the problem is in Grandma ¹ epavoj that he resolved to ¹ and &quot;persuades Franjiæ Pukaniæa Apparently named Tomislav Dragièeviæa the message of 28 September 2008. in 11:56 hours. &quot;I still am not optimistic,&quot; responds Pukaniæ Franjiæu, SMS messages from 28 September 2008. in 18:19 hours. &quot;The stakes are too high to give up, do not let me razoèaravati. We may do a better job of Roland Berger and all the others. This is your starting point mail for future talks with TD is shameful on his part to mail you do not help, du you an you, &quot;responds his message of 28 Franjiæ September 2008. in 18:25 hours. Franjiæ Pukaniæu: Your relationships and friendships open all &quot;is not about politics on the job already,&quot; pi ¹ e Pukaniæ Franjiæu in a text message of 28
 September 2008. in 18:29 hours, probably supposing that the man is a nuisance throughout the project with the INA. &quot;You are strong in both segments, your relationships and friendships all open, so it is probably an obstacle ¹ Epave baba. Let us towards you in the mail that needs to change, we&#39;ll do it and let it go &quot;, corresponding to Franjiæ message of 28 September 2008. in 18:33 hours. &quot;We need to agree on how to proceed, neodluèan you, surprise me all that. may be sumnjièav mail, but not a pessimist, and you also have invested a lot in the whole thing &quot;, pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu 28th September 2008. in 18:37 hours. &quot;Bare if you spoke with T. Will it be this week, Important is it to be as soon as possible. Tomorrow afternoon will be the return mail info from the Marina and they shall ¹ ¹ èiniti to you and how to talk, &quot;pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu in a text message of 28 September 2008. in 19:21 hours. Pukaniæ: Sanja not see &quot;For half an hour I&#39;ll forward you the e-mail with the items that should change, I&#39;ll throw out the amounts.
 But we need to wait for agreement from Mccensya. For mail I found a company that will do the translation and that&#39;s it. Sanja let it do the mail better &quot;, pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu in a text message from the second October 2008. in 12:50 hours. However, it is obvious that Pukaniæ in connection with this work he secretly takes Franjiæ, wants to mail to his associates, less aware of the details of jobs, and corresponds to a certain Franjiæu Sanji not be disclosed to the disputed information. &quot;Oh fucking Sanja. Do not you want to see it, &quot;responds Pukaniæ Franjiæu second October 2008. in 13:14 hours. &quot;Well, shall see the financial structure, only the legal aspects. ¹ If you think that you should not see any mail, then immediately say, tomorrow morning I find myself with the Marina and I and he&#39;ll somehow these words ¹ it &quot;responds Franjiæ Pukaniæu text message from the second October 2008. in 13:21 hours. Is INA avoided signing a contract with a phantom Pukaniæem? From the contents Pukaniæeve and Franjiæeve sms correspondence, however, shows that there were serious problems in its final conclusion making this work with the INA, which is evident from a number of text messages that Franjiæ report ¹ æuje Pukaniæa that this project does not stand the best, and it warns of risks project.
 &quot;Now call me Maria, she is to you that is a big possibility, and that if someone wants to buy time, as early as Friday the 29th has just set ¹ tina &quot;, pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu in a text message from 8 October 2008. in 16:52 hours. &quot;Tomorrow must agree and sign the contract relates to !!!!!&quot;, Pukaniæ 8th October 2008. in 16:53 hours. However, the text messages exchanged 10th October 2008. years, it is clear that the contract mentioned by Franjiæ and Pukaniæ not signed 9th October 2008. years, respectively on the day when Pukaniæ claimed that the disputed contract must be concluded. &quot;We are having the party ¹ s all done, I&#39;ll tell you now send e-mail I got from them. Fucking us out of who knows what reason, &quot;pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu 10th October 2008. in 14:59 hours. &quot;Puki I&#39;m under tremendous pressure, if this does not resolve mail and on Monday, the project will not be any mail that. So I pray that tomorrow is still one ¹ ¹ call your friend and you to e mail him on Monday that thing must be done.
 We will modify this mail to those searching than us, except for Finance. but you do not want to happen again, that still would not mail it wrong, &quot;pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu 10th October 2008. in 18:27 hours. Already 14th October 2008. in strife with Niko Franjiæem, Pukaniæ nearly abandoned the controversial project with INA. &quot;I&#39;m going tomorrow to the river, I have a job!&quot; Pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu, 14 October 2008. in 21:13 hours. &quot;To kaj me As for the dick. I give up the project, &quot;relates to Pukaniæ same day at 21:14 hours. Is Pukaniæ his house in Zagreb&#39;s Ribnjak gave the pledge Andrew Keviæu? &quot;I will send you mail from Sonja PBZ, Next thing is, in their variant we do not we may use money from oil company INA, already on the official would serve as collateral for the guarantee. In the best case, may we count the money after one quarter and only 1 / 4 of the advance. B. The second option is a deposit for that guarantee, real estate, savings, etc. ¹
 The only mail that you may mail it to us to make that guarantee the PBZ beautiful eyes, &quot;pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu 17th October 2008. in 12:23 hours. &quot;Ok. I&#39;ll give the house a pledge, &quot;he Pukaniæ corresponds to 12:24 hours. These days you ¹ s resources we got, come ¹ s, unverified information to the Pukaniæevu house in Zagreb&#39;s pond in the country ¹ nim books as the owner uknji you and just controversial Andrew Keviæ, so the logical nameæe question, whether at the time the Pukaniæev phantom job with INA by mail about the issue of guarantees PBZ, gave Keviæu to pledge your house, such as in the text message and said Niki Franjiæu. Consequently, if possible to work with the INA, After you have killed both of the actors of the project, Ivo Pukaniæ and Niko Franjiæ, after their death, collapsed and Keviæ then collected his debt uknji of expression ownership ¹ population of Pukaniæevom property? Two days before the murder Franjiæ No one wanted to abandon the project with Pukaniæevog INA Latest sms messages about this business project Pukaniæa the INA, and Franjiæ Pukaniæ exchanged only two days before their murder.
 &quot;Mere, you can do now ¹ iljiti against these in INA, talk to a nice way, say that business is suffering and that it ¹ damages for INA. It would be best to call and TD ¹ This may go on forever and the time is not an ally. I know it already knows everything ¹ &quot;e ¹ pi Franjiæ Pukaniæu 20th October 2008. in 19:20 hours. &quot;Give you a call jo ¹ JP and sees the phone to arrange. I&#39;ll wait for a call from Marina, as if new, tell you, &quot;pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu 21st October 2008. in 15:39 hours. Under &quot;JP&quot; Franjiæ certainly thinking of Jozo Petroviæa, Member of INA, close to the HDZ, through whom he apparently attempted ao effect on the final question of the project contract. &quot;Do not be angry, you&#39;re not even blame the mail, I&#39;d rather give up. I&#39;ll sign a contract and you will mail the hunt, and I should not give any ¹ ¹ ta. I simply can not lose you to the nerves pizdarije and someone else &#39;whims and crazy ideas. And the INA is a bunch of fools, it ¹&#39;m there I get sick on you nerves and crazy.
 Well enough thou hast nasekirao for the next 100 years. Do not you want to be manager and I do not need millions, &quot;pi ¹ e Franjiæ Pukaniæu just two days before the murder, 21 October 2008. in 21:57 hours. &quot;I do not serinðaj! You do not need a million but you need two suits !!!&quot;, Pukaniæ Franjiæu at 21:59 PM. © uker intervened in the INA for Pukaniæev project? I Pukaniæa SMS correspondence with the Minister of Finance Ivan © uker, which is the end of October 2008. He was the Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the INA, indicating that it was © uker one of the influential political moænika, and hold high government officials who long you are in Uparve INA Pukaniæev intervened for the project. &quot;Have you called Jozo P?&quot; Pi ¹ e © Pukaniæ uker in a text message of 31 July 2008. , at 12:07 hours, supposing the Jozo Petroviæa, Member of INA. &quot;Yes,&quot; responds his © uker, SMS messages from 31 July 2008. in 15:44 hours. Pukaniæ Jozi Petroviæu: &quot;We&#39;d started to work first
 September &quot;Yes indeed there is such a combination in which the right Joe Petrovic was crucial for the success of this project Franjiæevog Pukaniæevog and the INA, and proves Pukaniæeva sms correspondence with Jozo Petroviæem, then mail him a member of the Board of INA. &quot;This mail to me we want to do is exactly what you need to mail to correct deficiencies. I guarantee you that you would for a year to mail them to intense activity in the field, with the support of the Board, the results will be much better and that you will do business with a plus. Puki, &quot;the message Pukaniæevoj Petroviæu of 18 August 2008. in 9:40 hours. &quot;Joe is everything okay? Did you hear it with Niko? We&#39;d started to work first September Pick up. Puki, &quot;pi ¹ e Pukaniæ Jozi Petroviæu in the message dated 20 August 2008. in 19:53 hours. &quot;Joe, I need you. We work contract. Puki, &quot;pi ¹ e Pukaniæ Petroviæu 11th September 2008. in 13:28 hours. &quot;You called Marina? Let the word ¹ imo because I ¹ sti ll on all sides, &quot;the last Pukaniæeva sms Petroviæu of 13
 October 2008. , at 16:52 pm, just ten days before the murder. Pukaniæ Dragièeviæu: &quot;Arrangements with Jozo that starts to work immediately&quot; Tomic, give to Talk to about one project. May even mail that does not understand about these issues. &#39;ll Fuck your ignorance and you and us. Agreements with Jozo that starts to work immediately. My people are ready to immediately go to court in implementing the project. Puki, &quot;pi ¹ e Pukaniæ in a text message the former CEO ¹ em INA Dragièeviæu Tomislav, 21 May 2008. in 13:17 hours. So Pukaniæ Dragièeviæa is over, as then najmoænijeg man in INA, attempted to arrange avao contracting project with INA, which was secretly preparing Franjiæ and on. Interestingly, although Franjiæ Pukaniæ and project work to the murder, in Pukaniæevim sms transcripts were preserved only three text messages sent Pukaniæ Dragièeviæu May to July 2008. year. In addition, Pukaniæevi sms transcripts testify about his communication with himself Andrew Keviæem, although the content of these text messages, except for private messages have no text messages indicating the communication aspect of this project, however, it is clear that they often privately met He said it was Pukaniæ at one time met the Deputy Prime Minister Major Adle ¹ e Keviæem with Andrew, who was introduced as a major donor HSS.
 In light of this connection to this project, INA, and Pukaniæa Keviæa, indicative of the communication I Pukaniæa with Ante Markov, HSS Ovce and CEO of JANAF. Mark has been associated with the controversial entrepreneur Andrew Keviæem, Nagada and how it was he who ties Keviæa and HSS, and would be in conjunction with Mark Pukaniæa could search for a connection to the Keviæa Pukaniæevim project with the INA. &quot;You&#39;ve got mail. Puki, &quot;writes Mark ¹ s third Pukaniæ July 2008. in 15:47 hours. &quot;Okay,&quot; responds Mark at 16.00. © uker, Dragièeviæ and Petrovic illegally favored Pukaniæu? There is, however, not a single message that would give a hint about what kind of a secret project with the INA was. It is clear that the projects you ¹ emilijunske values, and how Pukaniæ this work is conducted in a legal way, or that the entire deal negotiated off screen games and arrangements Pukaniæa with the Minister of Finance and Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the INA John © uker, then the CEO INA Tomislav Dragièeviæem, and Member of the Board Jozo Petroviæem.
 After Pukaniæevog Franjiæevog and murder, this trio was apparently the only thoroughly familiar with this project, and very likely Keviæ Andrew, who is allegedly an unknown way acquired ownership ¹ tvo Pukaniæevom of Zagreb&#39;s house on the pond. Although this article makes sense to be cautious with all mail to come from these podmetnika because they deliberately with the truth pranks spirina therefore their manipulation become even more provocative mail. And here for the phone to the text close to the truth: Mainstream Media abc, 07/01/2008 at 22:39:06 ® idovka withdrew the article, which is one of many signs that the mastodon Mesic&#39;s collapse. How are you closer to the end Mesiæevoj pawnshop so delivered ¹ states Nacional, and supreme presidential bulletin details Croatian mafia. But because petrae soon going out and will obviously come up with some retsrukturiranja at the top crime scene. To ¹ ® to Jews okreæu Pukaniæu back? Pukaniæi case was due to money - what it is miles ¹ ¹ and stressed - and we go ® Jews for money.
 Obviously with Pukaniæem you ¹ s can not be sure of their money laundering and so it goes. Through this unfortunate Feby easily and may read what ¹ ¹ officially to conceal the structure. Somewhere in the sea and their rep izviriti and only needs to look: and even mail you the e mail. Natura NOT ALL THERE! DST, 07/02/2008 at 13:43:17 idovka Anonymous ® is the first sign of a society ispisnicu ¹ eligible population? Feby blogger has always used the opportunity to call Mr. Ivo Pukaniæa and when she removed the last article about him, that we are somehow suspicious, and prièinilo pomsilih that there is not mail it cooks. Hardly anyone in the affair Pukaniæi dare go to the end with information about this family, but ... My first suspicion of murder and are Pukaniæa ¹ lies precisely in this direction, as shown by pi ¹ e above, and this mockery of the Balkan mafia around just yet ¹ vi ¹ e ¹ e confirms the thesis. As I hold central leadership, headed by (former ¹ im) President Mesic and hold owned secretary Bajiæem and Police Minister Karamarko, entangled in it - You&#39;re welcome should be added to the murder of Ivana Hodak (for trial petraea) - there you ¹ s concerns.
 Whose is and what it hold Ava speaks only these few sentences, and those that will continue for all the evil charges you enjoy, the center power, and ideological ¹ structure and skip first and last names of those from among their HDZ, I can only poruèiti: Muko Jesus !
 