Author: Zeljko Trkanjec Published: 02.10.2010 A computer virus is still in the June attack Iran, and the government has admitted the attack only a few days ago TEHRAN - While the whole world is following with concern the announcement from Israel about the preparations for an attack on Iranian nuclear facilities if diplomacy fails stop Tehran&#39;s efforts to reach the nuclear bombs, Iran has actually already been attacked. RELATED NEWS News China is under fire from the British Guardian newspaper said that the security firm Symantec announced that it is a computer virus Stuxnet infected computers as much as 60 percent in Iran, so it is more than clear that it is this country was the main target of attack. Stuxnet was also infected numerous computers in China, state media reported, and in addition were attacked computer systems in Indonesia, India and Pakistan. Stuxnet is, say computer experts, so far the most sophisticated computer worm designed to sabotage the factory and industrial systems.
 Impact on power Stuxnet program aimed at German manufacturer Siemens, which controls the operation of industrial installations, particularly pipelines, power plants, particularly nuclear. Is designed to reprogram the software by providing new guidelines for the management of certain activities and leads to physical destruction of affected plants. Stuxnet was discovered in June, and this week, Iran confirmed that it was infected with 60 000 of its computers. It is therefore considered that this was a direct attack on computer systems serving the Iranian nuclear program, particularly those related to nuclear power plant in Bushehr: on Thursday released information that will again delay the start of this power plant is equipped by Russia. Unit 8200 The Western media, are allegedly behind the attacks Israeli sources. Britain&#39;s Telegraph states that it is very likely that this is a special effect, an elite Israeli army unit.
 Telegraph quoted Ralph Langner, a German expert, who argues that it is 8200 units, which was performed by a computer attack. &quot;If you read the Bible, you can all conclude,&quot; says Langner. In fact, computer experts are in the code of the virus found Biblical reference: the virus itself has the word &quot;myrrh&quot;, which is botančki term. However, the Hebrew word is &quot;Hadassah&quot; and it is the name given at birth, Esther, Jewish queen of Persia future. In the biblical book of Esther tells how the queen found out that it is preparing an attack on the Jewish population in the country and persuaded her husband to launch an attack before they were napadnuti.Vlada in Jerusalem, however, argues that it must initiate an attack on Iran before the country firefight erupts nuclear weapons. Computers under attack: Iran: 62 867 Indonesia: 13 336 India: 6552 U.S.: 2913 Australia: 2436 UK: 1038 Malaysia: 1013 Pakistan: 993 Global Attack on bank accounts WASHINGTON - More than 60 people osumnjčeno for a global conspiracy where the goal was a hacker Attacks on bank accounts, which was supposed to steal more than ten million dollars.
 On the attack were British banks, HSBC and Royal Bank of Scotland from which they allegedly stole, but at least six million pounds. According to sources in the U.S. investigation, it is a group of hackers from Eastern Europe, mostly from Russia and Moldova, which are used by the virus, &quot;Trojan Zeus&quot; and through it to access the accounts of small and medium enterprises with which they transferred money to fictitious accounts in your possession. Number of recommendations: 7 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 