Monaco, the principality last in Europe, squeezed between the Alps and the coastal sea, with France in the background, the size of New York&#39;s Central Park. Fourth Vi La Palace dominates the ruling Grimaldi family. There are still neighborhoods Kondamon, which held the famous Formula One race, Monogeti, Larvoto and the famous Monte Carlo, meeting place of world jet set. Monaco is the founder Francesco Grimaldi Malicija, who, as supporters of Pope had fled from France in the 13th century and found refuge on a cliff on the Mediterranean Sea, where there was a military fortress, and around which later formed the city. Monument to founder of the principality and now stands in front of the palace Grimaldijevih in the central square. When the underground garage escalators popenjete the square on the left side you will see the Maritime Institute, named for the founder of the First Alberta. Director of the Institute for decades was the famous explorer Jacques Kustom.
 Nearby is the Church of St. Nicholas, where are all the crowned rulers of Monaco, and in whose crypts are based. Among them is the grave of Princess Gracia Patricia, and famous American actress Grace Kelly, who waived the film career she married Prince Renijea third. At their graves still stands fresh flowers. Otherwise, in many places in Monaco can be seen on billboards with black and white photographs of Grace Kelly. For it reminds of the Rose Garden was planted in honor of the princess. With the fortress overlooking the marina where luxury yachts in a variety of size and beauty aside prince named &quot;Queen of the sea.&quot; On a gentle slope towards the sea, the garden of St. Martin with 6,000 plant species. Monte Carlo is the most luxurious and famous district of Monaco. It is dominated by namesake casino, which were parked in front četvorotočkaši best known brands. The rock on which lies the casinos there is a marina, so that customers who want to avoid the paparazzi in the casino can enter yachts! Across the luxury hotel &quot;Di Pari&quot;, and the right side namesake bar, which attracts all those who hold to it to be seen.
 For ordinary mortals it is much more accessible to the casino, &quot;Di Pari&quot;, in which the slot machines can cost five euros to earn ten times higher sum. In Monte Carlo should definitely visit the Japanese Garden, which somewhat resembles the one in Belgrade Jevremovcu. Nica, which is called the queen of the Côte d&#39;Azur is one of the world&#39;s most famous tourist destinations. In the 18th century was the meeting place of the English aristocracy, who spent the winter, because of its climate. Thanks to them, the English Mass began to visit this place, and that the its inputs, which is indicated by the name of the promenade - English promenade, which forms a horseshoe in the bay stretching the length of seven kilometers. On one side of the promenade is edged by sea and palm trees on the other, called Little Africa. In a series of luxury hotels separates the hotel &quot;Negresko&quot;, named for its founder Romanians. How is this luxury building is the fact that his owner, when he fell into debt, saved from bankruptcy by what he sold - chandelier.
 Otherwise, each of the many rooms in this hotel, decorated in different style. In addition to the meeting place of international jet set, Nice is also known as a city of art, film, perfume, good food and wine. Centre Park is dominated by King Albert, who februarskih these days to be decorated in the sign of the carnival. Nice boasts another 300 parks, 150 fountains. From the lookout point offers a haunting picture on the Bay of Angels and a panorama of this city of 400,000 inhabitants. One of the attractions of the airport, the second largest in France, placed on plates in the sea, from which it carried out 45 flights a day to Paris. In the city and harbor with 550 berths for yachts. Nice is located at the crossroads of the Alps, Provence and Italy. She is also the administrative center of the Côte d&#39;Azur. Halfway between Nice and Cannes, at the end of the Gulf of Angels, is located on the scenic town of Antibes. The town is dominated fortress Fort Kare, whose base is a marina for mega yachts.
 At the entrance to Antibes striking block of residential buildings pyramidal shape, set to form the shape of waves. Architects in the design taken into account that each of the apartments have approximately the same number of hours. This apartment block has its own marina, restaurants and shops, so that a city within a city, so it is not surprising that flat of 70 square meters will cost around 750,000 euros. Antibiotic was also as soft jet setter (a house here and Roman Abramovich), known for its jazz festival, festival of underwater photography and antiques. The most famous resident of Antibes was, of course Pablo Picasso, Antibes, which has left 140 works, of which the most famous painting &quot;The joy of life.&quot; All works Picasso created in Antibes are exhibited in the house where the great painter lived. Certainly better known than Antibes in Cannes , mostly due to the film festival. It was founded in the 5th century monks on the island of Saint Honorata. From the 15th century was part of France.
 For this town in Provence more has been heard in the early 19th century, when the first winter it started to come of Russian aristocrats. Later, they spent the summer here. Today it is known letovalište on the Cote d&#39;Azur, which boasts a promenade Kroazeta, 2.5 kilometers long. Thanks to the film festival, residents of this city, at least occasionally, have become a famous American movie stars, who have houses in the neighborhood of La California. Pearl of the Côte d&#39;Azur is certainly the town of Menton, also known as the city of lemon. This fabulous mestašce on the Mediterranean Sea boasts a mild climate (the temperature never drops below 3 degrees having a place protected from wind) due to the good manage citrus. In the second half of February, here are lemon festival, when the oranges, tangerines and lemons make sculptures, for which production is consumed up to 100 tons of citrus fruits. This open-air gallery visits and up to 250,000 guests.
 Town is dominated by the Basilica of St. Michael. And if you go down the steep and narrow streets of Menton, you will be able to feel the scents of Provence: herbs, lavender or lemon oil soaked balls. Mirjana Milovanovic Source: Politika.rs, B92
 