Photo: Radio Koprivnica in Koprivnica in the Cup finals for the junior guests Križevci. Major league composition Slaven Belupo outplayed the visitors in virtually all elements of the game, except for efficiency. It is enough to say that the situation of 10 to achieve the goal (100% chance), implemented only three. Given the fact that they were totally defeated by the hosts, the total score of 3:1, Križevci be pleased. Only at the beginning of the match was a bit of uncertainty, even fear that the Slavs do not repeat last year when they were released from the team Križevaca Cup. Most players initial composition of the Slavs appeared at that game and remember well all the inconvenience they prepared Križevci. It is at this game to come to the surface many problems in school football. Then it was the simplest shift all the blame on the players, and as a consequence, 5 players were expelled from the club. The consequences have been dragged through the entire season, to bring things into place until the arrival of Joseph Omrčen Cheka in charge of the school.
 We are not sure that the residual roots of bad policy of working with youth, are still kept, because the lead untested players who are now seen to have no business in the club, and that they have no prospect of any junior and absolutely not for the senior band, even as a potential. COUNTY CUP FINALS FOR JUNIORS Slaven Belupo: KRIŽEVCI 3:1 (2:1) Copenhagen - Municipal Stadium, the field with artificial grass. Judge: Jalžabetić (Koprivnica). Slaven Belupo: Breški, Martincic Picig, Jozukić (46 Radotović), Sabol, Potroško (from 44.Geng), Takac (58 Herent), Eardrum, carpenter, Kuprešak (58 Maljak) Horvatinović (from 46th Abramovic). Coach: Joseph Omrčen Čeko KRIŽEVCI: Stephen Miklin (from 47th Čakalić), Blagaj Selanec, Stimac, Lackey, Lepčić (83 Horvath), Jakšinić (from 79th Gotic), Vedriš, Korenika, Orejas (from 79th Radic). COACH: Anthony Bednaić. Scorers: 1:0 Kuprešak (35), 2:0 Horvatinović (41), 2:1 Vedriš (43), 3:1 carpenter (67) The game started great when the fifth
 minute for guests spear could easily lead to 1:0. Play the first half hour took place at midfield with a slight initiative of the Slavs, but no serious action. The excitement began in the 35th minute. The first chance to score had the eardrum, which hit a very good goalkeeper reviews, Kovacic, defends, but the ball rebounded natrčava Kuprešak and sends it to the network end of the keeper who failed to immediately get up and once again defend the goal. This goal Slaven not only led to 1:0, but he began to play a much more concrete, and in a few mjnuta create tremendous new opportunity for a goal. The ball is in prospect occasions shot today Picig particularly inspired, but his great shot and defended Golan broke out in the corner. New great opportunity Slavs appeared in that corner. The ball went straight to the head of the smooth Jozukiću stopper, but he was sent by the tripods. At 41 minute Horvatinović successfully realized his only chance of the match and Slaven comes in the lead by 2:1.
 Jozukić defender Slaven, a minute before halftime, carelessly lost the ball in his penalty area, and 100% chance of coming Korenika. Goalie Breški defend his shot and the ball comes back to Koreniki, which reduces the repeated attempts to 2:1, with which the results are going on vacation. Already at the start of the second half Križevci were able to equalize, but low-minded kick Orejas defend Breški. That was all the players Križevaca display. By the end of the game is played only Slaven and creating opportunities. In the second half Slaven had a handful of genuine opportunities to achieve goals but the players are determined in real situations expressed repertoire of clumsiness and failure. Thus, in the 50th minute after a great centaršuta Kuprešak, head carpenter does not score, but his ball breaks Kovacic in the corner. Excerpts Kuprešak it again and hit in the head high stopper Slavs, Sabol, who fails to shake the undisturbed network.
 Yet already in the 57th Slaven minute increases result at 3:1. By left broke up Picig, and after his extraordinary centaršuta, carpenter was not difficult to plant the feet and powerless to overcome Kovacic. In 65th minute from 40 meters Abramovic goes by himself to the goalkeeper, but he runs the ball after beginner &quot;keeping&quot; the ball. In practice it has added the goalkeeper. Incredible! for several minutes in an ideal position found carpenter, but he at least shoot at goal, although clumsy results, so that the goalkeeper was not difficult to defend. In the 76th minute in the penalty area Križevaca ball into the crowd suddenly comes to 12 meters to the lone Herenta that is sent over the bar. For a minute after that a new chance to hit does not use Maljak. However, by the end of the match saw we have an outstanding shot eardrum, which was pulled from 30 feet right missile that was unfortunately ended up in the beam, the spear the ball away in the field declined. County Fire deserved at the end of the game lifted the captain Slaven Belupo Sabol.
 Next Fixture third First Division round, Hajduk Split play on Wednesday, 8 September, in Koprivnica, and guests come Dynamos juniors and cadets. Will be a great opportunity to be seen whether Slavenaši strength and skill for greater achievements. Otherwise the match 2 rounds in the Inter Zapresic, at their request, deferred for 22 September 2010. Opening: 362 Comments (0) RSS feed comment Write a comment Show / Hide comment form You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 