Is there in Bosnian society, openness to criticism, dialogue, different views and opinions, as well as with various matters of faith and Islam in particular, carry the British media, especially after 11 September? These were some of the questions to which answers are sought participants in public debate: a professor at Georgia State University Ian Almond, theologian and journalist Mohammed Jusić, deputy chief editor, &quot;Liberation&quot;, Faruk Boric, and the imam will be held in, Amir Karic. Recycling, a new form of reporting Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Ian Almond Ian Almond American professor, who studied at British universities of Warwick and Edinburgh, and taught for years at universities in Italy, Germany, India and Turkey, commented on the media scene in the UK. &quot;If we talk about media coverage in Britain when it comes to matters of the Islamic world, it seems that after the 11th
 September, ruled by a kind of fears and anxiety. The media have changed over the past ten years. Islam is often presented in a very destructive way. Lost many of correspondent and journalists often rely only on news agencies, or recycle what is already published, and it usually does not provide any clear or objective picture, &quot;said Almond, and cited the example of how the British media often referred to Islamic world reported uniformly. &quot;Do you remember the last great attack on Gaza? The ratio of victims was, the dead Plestinaca 1400, compared to 15 Israelis. However, the British media that the conflict is presented as an equal in every respect. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Moderator Slobodanka Dakic and participants debate the Islamic community did not come upon Deputy Chief Editor&quot; Liberation &quot;, Faruk Boric, a newspaper, according to his confession-oriented &#39; left &#39;, the liberal public, immediately, at the beginning of his speech, he admitted some mistakes.
 Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Faruk Boric from &quot;Liberation&quot; &quot;We went from that of a repressive system in this transition and the mistakes were a part of it. I remember one of my colleagues, whose name I will not mention, as he wrote in his article that &#39;zekjat Reis income tax&#39;. That someone can be funny, but for some it could be offensive. And for me as editor, there is not any of insulting Islam, or of insulting the Islamic community, but it is a critical attitude towards a particular policy. Over the past 20-odd years, we&#39;ve got out of the Islamic community into the public arena, where it is fighting for his place in the media. According to my opinion, and not only mine, the Islamic Community in BiH has not come upon us in this democratic process. Because, if you go out into the public arena, propagiraš something, some universal ideas and values, you must be prepared to critique, &quot;said Boric, adding that the critics can not match the labeling, which is often the case.
 &quot;Yesterday was reis Ceric had a front page in our list because he sent a message of peace, but when the recession associated with dubious tycoons and their capital, to build an Islamic center, I think it&#39;s turn to speak about it, so if you need and sharp, &quot;he Boric. On the next page, read the &quot;Wahhabis, another name for a terrorist&quot;
 