Husni Sahin, one of the residents, said Monday the Palestinian Information Centre to hear the sounds of digging the last two years and that the community has repeatedly warned about the excavation. He said that the increased intensity of excavations at the beginning of this year and looks, he added, that the Jews began to use more powerful machines (tools) for excavation. Sahin expressed concern that the 20 houses in the neighborhood might collapse as a result of excavation and that 150 of their residents could lose their homes. We would like to recall that last spring, the leadership organization of Awqaf and heritage of Palestine issued a report stating that the Israeli occupation authorities plan to dig two tunnels that lead to the quarter Šaraf in the old city of Jerusalem. This district, located in western al-Aqsa mosque, occupied by the Zionist 1967th , together with other Arab territories in the West Bank, and renamed the &quot;Jewish&quot;.
 All local residents were displaced. The length of the first tunnel is 56 meters, 22 meters a second, according to Palestinian sources report. The planned installation of a lift in a vertical tunnel, and escalators in hoizontalni. Therefore, the Zionists want to allow access to the settlers and foreign tourists, the fourth-to-wall Seref el-Burak, that the Jews declared the so-called &quot;wall of tears&quot;, and the El-Aksa mosque. The report notes that the occupying administration still intends to &quot;strengthen control over the wall of Al-Burak, and El-Aksa mosque, which were allocated funds amounting to 2.5. million dollars. &quot; Currently, under the El-Aksa mosque, which is one of the three holy mosques in Islam (with-Haram Mosque in Mecca and Mesdžidun-Nebevijje in Medina), excavated a network of tunnels. The synagogue and museum are located beneath the masjid (mosque). Jews have announced that the allegedly placed the so-called &quot;Solomon&#39;s Temple&quot; .1 However, the Jewish archaeologists who carried out excavations beneath the mosque, but a number of years, failed to find any even the slightest proof of the existence of the mythical temple, and in general - any evidence of Jewish presence .
 All their findings are monuments of Islamic, Arab and Roman culture. Recall that the plans for the Jews cionizaciju occupied territories also include construction of 73 000 housing units in naseljeničkim complexes on the west bank of the river Jordan.2 Department for Supervision Kavkaz Center 14th sefer 1431st hg 29th January 2010. 1st According to Islamic sources, before the end of the world will be on the river Jordan to lead a decisive battle between Muslims and Jews, op.rec.2. According to some analysts, the assertion that under-Aqsa Mosque built tunnel is just a front, while the real aim of the excavations of Solomon&#39;s temple, who some Jews believe that there is under-Aqsa Mosque. According to Jewish belief, the temple of Solomon at the end of this world to be crowned the Jewish &quot;expected king&quot; op.rec. Newer news items: Older news items:&gt;
 