Besides remembering the victims of the terrorist attacks on the WTC, the ninth anniversary of the attacks on New York marked a protest against the construction of an Islamic center in the vicinity of the sad event. The event did not pass without incident. After the pastor Terry Jones abandoned the burning of the Koran, one of the protesters against the construction of the center is his pulling pages from the Koran and burned them. Another man was his pulling up pages of the Islamic holy book, and over the pants &quot;wiped&quot; leaves behind. The video was posted on YouTube with the warning that it is potentially offensive and inappropriate content. Hundreds of people participated in the protest against the building, as opposed to a similar number of people who were in the same place to express their agreement with the construction of the town which was endorsed by U.S. President Barack Obama. New York police in the immediate vicinity of the former WTC separated the two groups of protesters who were advocating the opposite opinion.
 Although the situation was on the verge of escalating to physical conflict is not there. The right-wing Dutch politician Geert Wilders, who argues that Islam is comparable to fascism, said the group gathered to plan the construction of the Islamic Cultural Center may not realize. &quot;We must never give a free hand to those who want to subjugate us. Drag the move to New York would become the new Mecca (New Mecca),&quot; said the protestors, and after he spoke to former U.S. Ambassador to the UN John Bolton and second Republican politicians. Protesters claim the opposite side to the protests against the building of an Islamic center just part of a campaign that aims to spread hatred against Muslims. &quot;Indeed I am afraid all this hatred in our country. Part of Christians standing up against other religions and I think it is very sad. Muslims are Americans like us and should have the right to practice their faith in the U.S. and elsewhere,&quot; said 51-year-old Elizabeth Meehan Associated Press.
 At the ceremony, which took place earlier relatives killed in the attack were read aloud their names. Some of them said that the feud over the construction of the town on the anniversary of the attack showing disrespect to the families of the deceased, while others argued that it was the day most suitable for this hearing. VIDEO is disturbing and potentially offensive content!
 