Beirut (Arabic: بيروت, Bayrūt) is the capital, largest city and largest seaport of Lebanon. In addition to the official name Beiroût (Beirut and Beirut), also known as Beyrouth, in French. The city has 1.8 million inhabitants in the city, and suburban areas has 2.1 million inhabitants. Beirut is the commercial center of the region and is considered the Paris of the Middle East because of its cosmopolitan atmosphere, particularly before the start of the Lebanese civil war. In recent years, Beirut has been significantly refurbished and 2009. year by the Francophone Games. Office of the United Nations Economic and Social Affairs for the West Asia region is located in Beirut. International Labour Organization (ILO), as well as regional office for Arab States of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) is also located in Beirut. Organization of Arab airlines has its headquarters in Beirut. Contents [edit] Religion Beirut is one of the most diverse cities in the Middle East in terms of religion and culture.
 In Beirut, one can find Christians (Maronites, Orthodox, Armenian Orthodox, Armenian Catholics, Roman Catholics, Protestants), Muslims (Sunnis and Shiites) and Druze. A large number of Jews emigrated to the United States before and during the Lebanese civil war that began 1975th and lasted until the early 90-ies. Beirut was totally destroyed during the civil war and divided into Muslim, Christian and western part, eastern part. Today it is once again united and built in terms of modern architecture and lifestyle in general. Represents the balance of Christianity and Islam. [Edit] Education in Beirut today is 21 higher education institutions, including the University of Balamand, American University of Beirut, Lebanese-American university (or first university in the Middle East where women could study), University of Saint Joseph (Université de Saint- Joseph), Global University, Hajgazian University, Lebanese University, American University of Science and Technology, University of the Middle East, the Arab University and the Canadian Academy of Technology in the Middle East.
 [Edit] Geography of Beirut relies on a chain of mountains which is a common name and the Lebanese mountains are located on the coast overlooking the Mediterranean. Beirut is located at 33 ° 54 &#39;N, 35 ° 31&#39; E (33.90, 35.5333). Bigger and better known town north of Beirut as Byblos and Tripoli, and south of Sidon and Tajer. [Edit] Transportation Corniche, a fashionable resort and the promenade on the Mediterranean coast beirutskoj Airport, located in the southern part of town, was once known as Beirutska international airport, but in 2005. The promjenjenila name into Rafik Hariri - International Airport, in memory of assassinated former prime minister. Land, the city is connected by bus to all major cities in Lebanon, as well as major cities in neighboring Syria. Buses traveling to the north and Syria to depart from the bus becomes Harles Helou, near the harbor, while those for the northern part of the country and the Bekaa valley, starting with Cola station in the city center.
 International transport is enabled numerous bus and taxi lines, which have specific routes, but can also be rented and private buses. As in all large cities in the early morning and afternoon in the crowded carriage is great. In Beirut, there are two transport companies, a state-owned Office des Chemins de Fer et des Transports en Commun (OCFTC) and the other is owned by private Lebanese Company (LCC). Lately, there are also the revival of the railways which would relations is also up Beirut-Damascus (the capital of Syria). The city is also the name of the largest port in the eastern Mediterranean. The intention is to become the main connection port for future trips aimed at Syria, Jordan, Iraq and Gulf countries. [Edit] Tourism Before the civil war, Beirut was popular among foreign tourists and known as the Paris of the Middle East, with a large number of foreign hotel chains and a very lively night life.
 After the war, the city is largely built and one of the goals of the city government is to make Beirut again poželjenim foreign tourists. While the inner cities and towns are fairly conservative, western way of dressing is common in Beirut, except in churches and mosques. For those looking for adventure and history, near the town there are a large number of archaeological excavations, Balbek and Byblos, which are believed to be the oldest inhabited places in terms of continuity in the world. During the winter months skiing is one of the major sports in Mount Lebanon, where there is a prestigious recreational center Faraya Mzaar Kfardebian. [Edit] History of Beirut 1900th The earliest reference to Beirut dates from the mid-second century BC. Kr. The city was already the center of an important time of the Phoenicians, as a polis (city-state) Beirut occurs under the ancient name Be&#39;erot (Croatian Beruti, &quot;Source&quot;). Roman rule began in 64th
 pr. AD .. The city is at this time had the status of the colony and was called Berytus, and it was interesting in that, which gave great lawyers of the time. Here, for instance, born Aemilius Papinianus and Domitius Ulpianus. In 551st a large earthquake completely destroyed the once shining city on the Mediterranean coast, and the big waves and destructive force must have complete rest. In its march along the coast of the eastern Mediterranean destroyed Beirut 635th The occupying Arabs, who hold him to this day. They gave it the name Bayrut (Croatian Beirut), which still bears. The city was again rebuilt, as the first traces of civilization on the streets is back and shop. Between the 1110th and 1291st City held the Crusaders. After the liberation of the Arab city of Druze are generally held, even if Beirut from 1516th belonging to the Ottoman Empire. 1888th Beirut becomes Syrian wilaya, which consisted of Sandzak Latakia, Tripoli, Beirut, and Akkon Bekaja. After the collapse of the Ottoman Empire after World War II Beirut was firing, as the League of Nations mandate, the French Republic.
 Since Lebanon after World War II managed to win their independence, Beirut became the capital of the country. Very liberal policy of free trade first decades after World War II was very attractive to foreign investors and banks in a short time from Beirut created a large monetary hub in this part of the world. At the same time, the economic life flourished and cultural life, followed by a number of theaters, cabarets, casinos and nightlife, so that the Beirut named &quot;Paris of the Orient&quot;. During the Lebanon War (1975th-1990th), the city was divided into two parts, consisting of Muslim and western Christian eastern part. In July 1982nd Israel&#39;s brutal action broke into the city, relentlessly bombarding the western, Muslim part of the city over ten weeks, and then in Beirut there was not a whole building. In October 1990. officially ended the civil war, which officially begins hard time updates, followed by political and national controversies.
 [Edit] Celebrities [edit] Croatia in Beirut there was a small colony (colony) of the Dubrovnik Republic. [1] [edit] Picture Gallery Beirut Lebanese parliament Mohammad al-Amin Mosque [edit] Sources [edit] External links Retrieved from &quot;http : / / hr.wikipedia.org / wiki / Beirut &quot;Categories: Capitals in Asia | Cities in Lebanon
 