An earthquake in this Caribbean country launched a massive international action to assist. But every hour to reduce the chances that the ruins of houses can still find someone who has survived. In the meantime, those who want to help, from all over the world are trying to come to Haiti. The biggest obstacle is damaged, the airport capital Port-au-Prince. &quot;Thanks to the support they promptly sent a number of countries we have very many people and materials. But we have to somehow bring them into the ground. Aerodromes there are bottlenecks,&quot; complained a UN aid coordinator John Holmes. According to him the most needed clean water, food and medicines. Bildunterschrift: Spanish rescuer carries a two-year Redjesona Hausteena Claude after he was pulled from his ruined home Horrifying scene Those who fail to come to Port-au-Prince to face the chaos, death and desolation. Between coma corpses and wandering around the ruins of thousands of injured, hungry and traumatized people.
 They arrive and reports about the first robbery. Photos shot from the air pokazju city that looks like it was bombed. Haitian government estimates that on Tuesday (12.01.2010) killed between 50,000 and 100,000. The soldiers of the UN peacekeepers have begun preparations for a mass burial of victims of the earthquake. In front of the morgue in the central hospital are transported hundreds of dead. Bildunterschrift: The consequences of the disaster are still unforeseeable UN troops, meanwhile, must cope with the growing impatience of survivors, because aid has not reached them. &quot;Slowly becoming more aggressive and impatient,&quot; said UN glasnogovorink. &quot;They want to bring them help, which of course we ourselves want.&quot; But instead of just looking injured UN vehicles to patrol the city. Eyewitnesses claimed that some Haitians from the fury in the streets set the barriers of corpses. U.S. and France have launched an initiative to održavnaje international conference to help Haiti.
 The presidents of two countries, Barack Obama and Nicolas Sarkozy have agreed to long-term assistance must be coordinated. Spanish EU presidency on Monday planned a special meeting of European Minister for Development Assistance. Bildunterschrift: Mexican Red Cross also sent to help German Red Cross will be on Saturday in Haiti from Berlin make cargo aircraft with the mobile hospital. The aircraft will be transported to Haiti and about 200 boxes with tents, beds, bandages and medicines. Mobile hospital can be built within one day. In the seven large tents, daily helpers can provide assistance for 250 patients. Author: Christian Waltz / Snjezana Kobešćak
 