&quot;Ladies and gentlemen, there is reason for concern, but there is no reason for hysteria!&quot; Thus in particular the German Interior Minister de Maiziere has never described the danger of terrorist attacks in Germany. He confirmed that the German authorities received a tip from abroad to the Federal Republic until the end of November it intends to perform terororistički attack, and these findings are confirmed and knowledge of German authorities, the minister added the police. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: A police officer at the airport in Frankfurt during the early day, on German airports and railway stations will be considerably increased number of security services. In parallel, the police has stepped up efforts to protect the possible goals of Islamist actions. German Interior Minister two weeks ago, but the general statement announced that the citizens of danger, but did not specify how the threat is real.
 He then called for citizens to closely monitor their surroundings and to immediately contact police if they notice suspicious objects. &quot;Our information is specific, but that&#39;s not reason to completely change our public life,&quot; said the minister. Indicator of vulnerability of citizens in Germany after the effective so-called &quot;high risk of terrorist attack.&quot; This indicator reflects the actual level of threat to the citizens. Scale of the various measures introduced after warnings of terrorist actions in the U.S. 9th September 2001. The indicator changes depending on the knowledge of the secret services in the country or overseas, friendly service - on the basis of intercepts conversations, the information in the e-mails or information from an informant in Islamist circles. In Germany are currently 130 people eavesdropping by the security authorities consider a threat. According to the security circles, is currently in Pakistan and Afghanistan is some 40 Islamists from Germany originally.
 Author: DPA / RTR / dw / sma Re. ed: Mario Ljubicic
 