Despite all the assurances that Hungary has stopped the spread of pollution, the worst happened: a toxic sludge reached the river Danube in Rab, Croatia, and we might expect today, no later than tomorrow. Yesterday was a result of injuries from toxic sludge alkaline died and seven people. Earlier that killed six people, three are missing and more than 120 people were injured. Toxic sludge has ruined the entire ecosystem of the river Marcal, who runs the place where the rupture occurred Monday in the tank at the plant from which aluminum is then poured toxic reddish mass that was flood the surrounding area, killing five people. Flora and fauna in the river Marcal no longer exists, a spokesman for the Hungarian fish mortality Emergency Tibor Dobson confirmed in Rabi and the Danube, where it empties into the Danube River Raba. Thus, there is now no doubt that the Hungarian and other disasters hit the country they passed through the Danube, Europe&#39;s second largest river, including Croatia.
 However, the latest information, pollution of the Danube toxic sludge, however yesterday declined compared to the previous day, when the mass reached toxic to the River. Measurements showed that the pH level in the Danube near Komaromi, 80 kilometers west of Budapest, was 8.4, which is slightly higher than normal levels of alkalinity. Requested assistance from the EU on the use and Marcali situation is more difficult and more dangerous than at first seemed. Hungarian authorities to distribute leaflets inviting residents to avoid contact with water and not catching any fish consumed from the river and Marcal beach. Dangerously high alkalinity Rabe, which is at the confluence of the Danube measured pH value of 9.1, trying to be reduced by adding gypsum and acid, but without much success. Finally - just when it became clear that the threat extended beyond the borders of Hungary - Hungary has officially requested assistance from the European Union because of environmental tragedy.
 Hungarian authorities initially claimed that the contaminated area covers 40 square kilometers, that are then shown to 100 contaminated, and then 150 square kilometers around the Ajka, where the tragedy occurred. Croatian authorities to protect and rescue the other hand, argued that there is no danger of toxic sludge enters the Danube, citing information obtained from the Hungarian competent services. However, this proved to be incorrect. The European Union and neighboring Austria Hungary were immediately offered assistance in repairing the biggest disaster of its kind in its history - in which 120 people were injured, and four people still being sought - but Budapest was initially hesitant, claiming that she herself is ready to face the disaster. Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban said that his country does not need the money to mitigate the effects of spills of toxic sludge, but only professional help. Finally, the Hungarian government asked the European system of civil protection assistance in the form of &quot;three to five experts&quot; specializing in toxic sludge, decontamination, and the environment.
 European Commissioner for outstanding assistance Kristalina Georgijeva urged Member States to &quot;respond to the request of a noble Hungarian. Doteći will swell and Director of the Croatian Waters Osijek Đuroković Zoran said that he is not about pollution, which is an area that could be stopped, adding that he will simply doteći and swell from the Croatian Republic, if you do it either. Experts say that the Croatian forces the river to reduce the concentration of insoluble metal 2000 times. Problems could eventually occur if the sludge is hiding some compounds which are not presented in the report of the Hungarian factory. Due to the large distance and power of the Danube, no one believes in the worst option. Like-minded people and beaten. Stevo Labrović, President MO Batina says evantualna occurrence of red mud is more interested in tourists and those looking for a sensation, but the local people who are not afraid of him. However, most of them follows reports from the upper river, but they thought that once again all the overblown, especially the part that refers to the spread of pollution.
 Caution, however, is to be rejected, added another. The fishing on the Danube yesterday went Petar Saric, commercial fisherman and owner of Pike Ltd - I have always warned that they should only fear of chemical pollution, but I think that this time nothing would happen, he said, explaining the decline in water level of Danube. River levels measured in beatings, in fact, yesterday at noon was +259 cm, which is 6 inches lower than the day before at the same time. Greenpeace: Silt toxic than we thought, Ecological Society Greenpeace warned yesterday in the presence of toxic substances in sludge which poured from the tank factories in e the aluminum, arsenic from living up to silver and chromium. The amount of poison in the mud is much greater than previously thought, a chemical expert of Greenpeace in Vienna Herwig Schuster accused the Hungarian government as it tried to hide from the public. Water analysis showed that the amount of arsenic 25 times higher than permitted, which confirms that the consequences of the disaster to be e the long term.
 In discussion with local experts to find out the toxic sludge, which has a lot of heavy metal, is actually a by product of aluminum production and that it is questionable whether the factory told the full truth about the ingredients contained in the waste. Turning sludge into the water caused a greater alkalinity of the water, which in turn destroy the wildlife in the river Marcal. However, the sludge is not soluble in water, but we can settle, which threatens to cause long-term contamination of directly endangered rivers. Maturity in the Danube silt was significantly diluted due to large amounts of water, so it is unlikely to cause serious consequences in the Croatian part of the Danube, if toxic substances and to come to Croatian. 09.10.2010. Add to favorite articles Send to a friend Print Comment
 