This is a company for which some Slovenian media have speculated that the bankruptcy. On behalf of the Government of the RS contract was signed by Prime Minister Milorad Dodik and Minister of Transport and Communications Nedeljko Cubrilovic, on behalf of the LLC &quot;motorway network&quot; Acting Director Ibrahim Medic, on behalf of Slovenian company &quot;CPM&quot; Maribor, director Janez Škoberne. &quot;CPM&quot; Maribor in the next 60 days the RS government to submit evidence of financial capability to perform the work and guarantee of Slovenian banks, this company will provide loan funds. Minister of Transport and Communications of Republika Srpska Nedeljko Cubrilovic said that the Slovenian company &quot;CPM&quot; to assess the Commission&#39;s concession was the most concrete supplier: &quot;We hope to enter the business very quickly. We expect to be in late September or early October. Because neraspisivanja tender Strabag was fired Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Strabag Bauštela in Cologne, however Slovenian company received a concession without tendering, something like in the case of work with Austrian Strabag, who could not get funding from the European Bank for construction these stocks because of irregularities in the awarding of concessions, which the contract is terminated.
 Regardless of the Director of the Slovenian &quot;CPM&quot; Janez Škoberne said that this is a great deal for the company outside of Slovenia: &quot;This agreement is referred to as a trade secret because we closed all the things that stand in the annexes of the contract.&quot; The election game Otherwise some of the media in Slovenia have for months reported that the Slovenian company before the bankruptcy, it is overdue and that there are problems with liquidity. The RS government has been verified by an agreement last month between representatives of RS Government and the Austrian company &quot;Strabag&quot; to terminate the concession agreement. The government then said that the company take a concession by the Austrian &quot;Strabag&quot; RS Government to compensate about 200,000 euros, which will pay for the Austrians so far done the job. Austrian concern is the end of 2006. was made a direct agreement with the Government of RS, a building about 400 km of highway with a thirty-year concession was agreed in late November 2008.
 year. Author: Dragan Maksimovic, Banja Luka Re. eds: S. Matic
 