Right, The World Thursday, 18.11.2010. Tags: Guantanamo trial 13:00 First civil trial inmates of Guantanamo: Charges Dropped almost all counts A jury in New York released on Wednesday local time, almost all counts of the first Guantanmo camp prisoners to be tried in civilian court and was found guilty of involvement in attacks on U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania 1998th year. After five days of deliberation, a jury decided that Ahmed Ghailani guilty of involvement in planning attacks on embassies with 224 victims, including 12 Americans. Convict follows 20 years in prison and a possible life sentence the prosecution requested. Administration of President Barack Obama hopes that this will be the first civilian trial of a successful examination for the second trial of terrorists. The other inmates of the camp at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo in Cuba on trial before military courts, which are slow and controversial.
 The NGOs have called for Obama&#39;s administration to transfer the trial before the federal courts, because the military trials proved unsuccessful, and since 2002. handed down only five verdicts. According to AFP, Ghailani is only transferred for trial in New York because in the meantime, Congress rejected such a possibility. The prosecution argued that the procedure is Ghailani helped organize the attacks, a defense argues that the victim of fraud because he was a young man hired agents of the terrorist network Al Qaeda that they purchased the goods and he did not know for what purpose. The judge rejected the testimony of a key witness because he Ghailani proposed while he was interrogated under torture. Four conspirators in the attacks on embassies 1998th, serving life sentences in prison without the possibility of parole. He was arrested in Pakistan 2004th, Ghailani was in the camp was led by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) where he was allegedly tortured. Later he was transferred to Guantanamo, and a total of six years in jail without trial.
 Last year he was transferred to New York for trial. (H)
 