Čigoč and Lonja Field Day trip travel program Karlovac / Zagreb - Sisak - Zagreb / Karlovac Departing from Karlovac at 8:00 pm with the bus station and from Zagreb at 9:00 am in front of the Zagreb Fair. Driving in the direction of Sisak and Cigoc, a small village by the European Foundation Euronatur 1994th was declared the first European village of storks. Due to the extremely favorable natural conditions, almost every house or barn, make their nests of white storks, and of them more than people. Specifically, the 45 active nests resides more than 200 genera, and about seventy houses only about 120 people, which speaks volumes about the harmonious relationship between man and nature in this region. Introduction to the work of nature park and plant and animal species that live here through a brief lecture of professional coaches. The following is a collection of ethno Sučić families with exceptionally rich collection of functional objects in a homestead, inscribed on the List of Croatian cultural heritage.
 The family home Sučić there is a functional loom on which Mrs. Sučić and today manufactures various types of tablecloths, towels, cloths, etc. Departing from Cigoc and after a few minutes to reach the scaffolding across the Sava River in the village Kratečko. Bridge construction has always been expensive investment, so the crossing of the river allowed the majority of scaffolding. Although now almost disappeared, several scaffolding still retained in these areas. With the story of the old raft operator rides on the river for a moment back to times past. Further drive to Mužilovčica. Time for lunch in the Posavina style home on the family farm Ravlić family, the environment, which is certainly not forgotten. The following trip to Park accompanied by an expert guide, exploring the flora and fauna of this natural park. The trip continues to Krapje, the architectural heritage of the village with wooden houses built by the famous oak Posavina some of which are old and more than 100 years.
 Sightseeing Krapje which is named after fish, carp and carp which are abundant in the surrounding area. The time for walking and enjoying the beauty of this place. Back to Zagreb and Karlovac in the late afternoon. Tour prices per person with a minimum of 40 passengers: 290 EUR Price includes: transportation by bus to the high tourism program, companion travel ticket in PP Park, guided tours for the whole period of stay in Lonjsko field, a ticket for the collection of ethnic families in Sučić Cigoc, driving ferry across the Sava River, lunch with the family in Ravlić Mužilovčica, accident insurance, costs and sales organizations. Price does not include: costs of a personal nature, drinks during meals, cancellation insurance, all that is not listed under the price includes. When making payments, we recommend booking deposit insurance against cancellation of travel. MINIMUM NUMBER OF PASSENGERS: 40 In case of insufficient number of registered passengers, the tour operator reserves the right to cancel the trip on which passengers will be notified no later than 5 days prior to travel.
 Tweet
 