Chinese plans to build rail infrastructure throughout Asia, starting with implementation in Iran, which will go through the first section is worth two billion U.S. dollars, writes the Telegraph, reports Business.hr contract to build sections of Tehran to Khosravija, located on the border with Iraq, already signed the China Railway Group, but will come into force when it is in Iran 12th September to sign an Iranian and Chinese Minister of Transport Hamid Behbahani and Liu Zhijun. Although the shares, which passes three large Iranian city, Araki, Hamadan and Kermanshaha, part of the Middle East Corridor, Iran building modern infrastructure to ensure the path to Iraqi holy sites Najaf and Karbala, in which daily pilgrimage to the Iranians even 5000. The aim of the rapid rail link Iran with Iraq and later to Syria. To Europe for 11 days Chinese interest in developing the railway infrastructure is part of a broader strategy by land corridors linking China with the world.
 After Iran, China wants rail link your city Kashgar to Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan as well as yourself and these Central Asian countries provide an important link with Iran in the Persian Gulf port of Chahbahar. Such a link could cheapen the transportation of Chinese goods to Europe 5 to 6 percent. Yes these plans have a real base testifies Summit of Ministers of Transport of Tajikistan, Afghanistan and Iran in Dushanbe, which will arrange a 1225 km long route for the construction of railways, a feasibility study financed by the Asian Development Bank. The interest of Iran to connect with neighbors is clear. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that the three countries must be linked to become an obstacle to Western influence in the region, and Iranian Vice President promised that China will shorten the transportation of goods, which now travels by sea to Europe for two months, only 11 days. Payment of the raw materials China has in turn its services to the construction of the railway offered to all the countries of Central Asia, and to build on the principle that paying resources.
 China 15 percent of its energy needs meets the Middle East. China is rapidly developing its network speed railway, and the ultimate goal is to link the railway line, Beijing and London, and through two routes, one to go through the countries of Central Asia, and the other by Russia.
 