Tamil Nadu is a federal state of India with an area of 130,058 km ² and a population of 62,110,839 (according to the state from 1 January 2001. Years). It is located in the south of India and borders with Keralaom, Karnatakaom, Pondišerijem and Andra Pradesh. With Sri Lanka, which has a substantial Tamil minority, is bordered by the sea. According to the industrialization of the other states of India, and has the highest urban population. Unlike other parts of India, Tamil Nadu gets the most rain from the northeast monsoon, which lasts from October to December. Chennai is the capital of the federal government and until 1996. He was known by the name Madras. It is the fourth largest city in India, and it also is the largest beach in the world. [Edit] History Archeological findings confirm that the area of Tamil Nadu has been inhabited since prehistoric times. Three famous dynasty ruled the area: Cera, Cola and Pandija. Rane Cole ruled from 1
 to 4 century AD. The most famous king of this period is Karikala Cola, which has expanded the territory to Čola Kančipurama. At the height of his power Čola kings spread impact on Sri Lanka and hundreds of miles across the northern border. About 3 century AD Cole have lost power. Kalabrasi had invaded and defeated the Tamil kingdom, and subsequently ruled for three centuries. They win in the 6th Century Palavas Pandije the north and the south. In 580 Palavas are starting to run out and ruled the South 150 years. They were great builders of temples. It was ruled a large part of Tamil Nadu and Kančipurama as its base. Dravidian architecture comes to the fore during this period. Čola kings once again come to the fore during the 9th century. Radžaradža Cola and his son Radžendra Čola become a significant force of Asia. Čola empire has spread to Bengal. Radžaradža Cola has taken southern India, parts of Sri Lanka, the coast of Burma (today Myanmar), Andaman, Nikobare, Lakadivi, Sumatra, Java, Malaj and Pegu islands.
 He won Mahipalu king of Bengal, and to celebrate the victory, built a new capital. Army Čola Empire has received a tribute from Thailand and Cambodia, and they built a magnificent temple. Brihadesvarar temple is a classic example of magnificent architecture Čola empire. Another example is Čidambaram temple in the heart of the city of temples Čindambarama. About 13 century decreased the power Čola empire. Again the rise in the early 14th Pandije century. It was short-lived, because they were conquered by Muslim invaders Kildži. 1316. The Maduraj was captured, the army established a invazijska Maduraj sultanate. These Muslim invasions caused the establishment Vidžajanagara empire on the Deccan. That empire is about 1370th occupied Tamil Nadu. When the power dropped Vidžajanagara empire in the 16th century, their governors, that they are set, Najak governors, they began to proclaim independence. Najak of Maduraja and najak of Tandžavura were the most powerful and reconstruct some of the oldest temples.
 Around the 1609th The Dutch established a base in Pulikatu. The British East India Company&#39;s 1639th established a settlement in today&#39;s Chennaju, ie, Madras. The British used small quarrels among local rulers, and expanding their sphere. The British fought and reduced the French dominion in India only Pondišeri. Its authority in southern India are consolidating madrasko Presidency. When India became independent in 1947th, it becomes madrasko States, which included present-day Tamil Nadu, coastal Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and northern parts of Kerala. Later this 1968th divided by linguistic lines, so that was founded in Tamil Nadu state. [Edit] Population of Tamil Nadu has an area of 130,058 km ² and a population of 62,110,839. It is located in the south of India and borders with Kerala, Karnataka and Andra Pradesh Pondišerijem. With Sri Lanka, which has a substantial Tamil minority, is bordered by the sea. East is the Bay of Bengal.
 The southernmost point of the Indian peninsula is situated in Tamil Nadu. Tamil Nadu has 90% of India&#39;s coal reserves and 45% magnesite. The official language of Tamil Nadu is Tamil, and speak to other languages such as Urdu and English. 88.1% of the population are Hindu religion, followed by Christians (6.1%) and Muslims (5.6%) and others (0.2%). According to censuses, 31,400,909 men and 31,004,770 women. [Edit] Economy The industrialization of the other states of India, and has the highest urban population. The third is the direct foreign investments. Many foreign car companies (Ford, Caterpilar, Hiundai, BMV, Michubishi) has his own company in Chennaju and produces cars, tractors, tanks, etc. A lot of foreign electronic companies have their company Chennaju (Nokia, Motorola and Del) and products mobile phones. Ericsson has a research center in Chennaju. Tamil Nadu is the largest cement producer in India.
 City of Tripura in Tamil Nadu is the largest exporter of textiles in India. Sometimes referred to as the Textile Valley of India. Exports of textiles from that city in 2004. reached $ 1.1 billion. Exports of textiles from Karur is $ 300 million. Chennai is the second largest software exporter in India. Software Exports from Tamil Nadu is $ 2.4 billion during the 2004th-2005th year. This city is becoming the most important center for outsource-ing the financial, health and other services for multinational businesses. v • d • e Countries and territories of India States Andhra Pradesh • Arunachal Pradesh • Assam • Bihar • Chhattisgarh • Goa • Gujarat • Haryana • Himachal Pradesh • Jammu and Kashmir • Jharkhand • Karnataka • Kerala • Madhya Pradesh • Maharashtra • Manipur • Meghalaya • Mizoram • Nagaland • Orissa • Punjab • Usage on sh.wikipedia.org • Sikkim • Tamil Nadu • Tripura • Uttaranchal • Uttar Pradesh • West Bengal Union Territories Andaman and Nicobar Islands • Chandigarh • Dadra and Nagar Haveli • National Capital Territory of Delhi • Daman and Diu • Lakshadweep • Pondicherry Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tamil_Nadu&quot; Category: States and territories of India
 