Stipe Mesic will not be for life, a former president? The ruling HDZ is planned, as it unofficially Morning Gazette, amend the Law on special rights of the former President to the term of office of former President limited to a certain limit. This means that after the expiry of that period Mesic had to move out of the villa in Grškovićevoj, in this case would have remained without a driver, car, two officers. - The HDZ is just basically talked about the subject. There is still no concrete proposal for us at this point it is not a priority. For a change there is still enough time, however, this issue will certainly be on the agenda, because otherwise we get into a situation that we have a few former president, said one high-ranking HDZ member. Although there are no concrete proposals, there are several possibilities of modifications: that the duration of the mandate of the former president is limited to five years how long a term, then to limit the length of the presidential term - five or ten years or to remain a lifelong ex-president.
 Under current law the former President of all rights can be used permanently. This means that we would be if the law does not change, but for five years could happen that we have two ex-president and of course double the cost of financing their rights - the office, drivers, company car, a bodyguard and two servants. Although the HDZ theme of amendments to the Act has not been formally put on the agenda, it will be a topic of conversation among the ruling party, three months ago, announced Prime Minister and HDZ Kosor. Then, recall, the question of whether you should change the above-mentioned Law admitted he would discuss it. - Of course we will discuss possible modifications, in the sense that we have for several years, probably several former presidents, and this is a topic for conversation. But now this law for me, I do as I respect the Prime Minister - said the then prime minister.
 Some of the HDZ MPs even suggested that the Law on the Rights of the former president suspended until the effective tax crisis. (Jl) Getty Archives
 