Politics, World Sunday, 25.07.2010. Tags: U.S., South Korea, 09:13 United States and South Korea have begun joint military exercises Amid heightened tension with North Korea, U.S. and South Korea on Sunday began joint military exercises, according to the spokesman for U.S. forces in Korea. The military exercises called &quot;invincible spirit&quot;, which will last until Wednesday, involved 8000 troops, 20 ships and submarines and about 200 aircraft, military officials said, reports CNN. The U.S. Department of Defense announced earlier that the maneuvers are a response to the sinking of a warship Cheonan South Korea in March, for which the fault attributed to North Korea. The purpose of the exercises is to show determination and allies to send a strong message to Pyongyang to stop &quot;provocative and courageous actions.&quot; North Korea has criticized the exercises, which began on Sunday at 6:30 pm local time. &quot;Provocations U.S. reach to the violation of a temporary limit fixed by the DPR Korea and therefore it does not feel the need to stay connected temporary boundary drawn by the United States,&quot; quoted the state news agency KCNA word foreign ministry spokesman in Pyongyang.
 It is a disputed sea border on the east coast of the Korean peninsula. &quot;It is a way of responding to the current DPR Korea &#39;flourishing the sword.&quot; DPR Korea is ready for dialogue and war. She did not hit any military threats or sanctions, &quot;the spokesman added. Aircraft carrier nuclear propulsion USS George Washington and South Korea&#39;s Dokdo carrier, will lead the Navy&#39;s exercise of &quot;invincible spirit&quot; in front of the east coast of South Korea, said Lieutenant Colonel Jonathan Withington of the U.S. Forces in Korea (USFK). North Korea on Saturday stepped up threats against the military exercises, held after the talks in the demilitarized zone on the sinking of the corvettes Cheonan. North Korea will &quot;legitimately oppose with its nuclear deterrent force, the greatest exercises for nuclear war that were ever prepared by U.S. forces and puppet forces in South Korea,&quot; KCNA quoted the. Two U.S. military officials told CNN that they have not noticed any significant movements of troops in North Korea.
 U.S. media reports say that the leadership in Pyongyang that would knowingly enter into a serious conflict brought defeat and fall of their regime, so there is concern that it will move away from the &quot;war of words.&quot; On Friday, in the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas, officers from North Korea held talks on the incident with Cheonanon, with his colleagues from the UN commander who leads the United States. At the two-hour meeting in Panmunjonu, UN Headquarters has reminded North Korea that the UN Security Council this month condemned the attack on the Cheonan. The Security Council strongly condemned the attack, not explicitly mentioning North Korea, has already called for adherence to the truce that ended the Korean War, 1953rd, and emphasized the necessity of &quot;resolving outstanding issues on the Korean Peninsula through peaceful means.&quot; Investigation by Seoul, which was attended by international experts, revealed that North Korea is probably a mini-submarine corvette torpedirao Cheonan in March, killing 46 South Korean sailors.
 However, Pyongyang persistently denies responsibility for the incident, and the talks on Friday, his representatives again asked to conduct their own investigation. (H)
 