Text: I. Kri., JD, FM AFP Athenian streets were again the scene of heavy clashes protesters against government austerity measures. The demonstrators hurled bottles at police officers, and police responded with tear gas them. A fire in a bank killed three people. Police in full &quot;war-store&quot; disperse a large number of protesters who gathered outside parliament grèkog. Greece Police confirmed that three people were killed in the bank by Molotov cocktails, set fire to a young protestnici. On the streets of Athens have been published around 100 000 workers. On the streets of Athens with the police beat hundreds of people, but the protests were a bit during the day placate. The center of the ancient city in flames central Athens was filled with tear gas and hundreds of protesters to the police were throwing Molotov cocktails. Police responded with tear gas them. At least two buildings were set on fire for throwing a flammable funds, but these fires were extinguished.
 Fire and at least three cars and a fire truck. Three found dead in the office of Marfin Bank, which was on the road protestnicima. It was a bank employee. Greece&#39;s Premier George Papandreou condemned what he called the &quot;murder&quot; of three employees of the bank. Responsible for this &quot;crime&quot; must be found and brought to justice, &quot;said Papandreou parliament, adding that&quot; the protest is one thing, and killing quite something else. &quot; Fire service spokesman in Athens said that the scene taken from the building five more people. Firefighters took 15 minutes to pull them from the balcony of the building because the fire was extremely difficult to come to them. Parliament said that they killed two women and a man, a parliament held a minute of silence in these respects. Violence erupted in the city of Thessaloniki, where about 20,000 people passed through the center, by the way razbijajuæi windows of shops and fast food restaurants.
 Because of the new general strike grèkih workers this morning has stopped all public transport in the country. Trains, planes and ferries do not operate because they are workers in the transport of the latest action grèkih join unions. The strike began more yesterday. Schools, hospitals and many other offices remained closed, but usually only interrupted by a strike by journalists to report on events. Austerity measures affecting only the poor Greeks Several thousand teachers and students yesterday marched in the parliament building. The protests were mainly passed in a peaceful commemoration, with only one conflict with the parliament building where they protestnici threw stones at police who replied with tear gas. Trade union leaders of the claim will austerity measures the government of Greece&#39;s only hit the poor Greeks. &quot;There are other things that government could do before you take the money to pensioners who receive 500 euros a month,&quot; said the leader of the union of public workers (ADEDY) Spyros Papaspyros.
 &quot;Greeks are calling for sacrifice while the rich will not pay anything,&quot; said union GSEE President Giannis Panagopoulos. Get a loan of 110 billion euros to Greece in recent days approved a huge loan of 110 billion euros, which will give her the EU and the IMF. In return, Greece&#39;s government has cut the budgetary costs. The loan was granted out of fear that Greece could become insolvent under its massive debt. The first money from the loan will arrive in Greece&#39;s accounts when it is approved by the parliaments of EU countries. EU officials today tried to calm nervous markets worldwide, arguing that Greece crisis &quot;unique case&quot;, in which there are a large debt and falsifying financial account. They said that Spain and Portugal, two countries on the verge of serious crisis, have &quot;nothing to do with the situation in Greece.&quot; &quot;Greece is a unique and special case within the EU because of the particular dynamics of their debt and because he lied for years about the statistics,&quot; said European Commissioner for Finance Commissioner Olli Rehn in Brussels.
 The market does not share optimism. Moody&#39;s, one of the three major credit rating house, today Portugal has made a rating of bonds on review, announcing new reduction rating. The whole world is afraid to Portugal along with Spain Greece could follow into the financial abyss, and that the EU could not do anything to stop this. The future of Europe in Berlin, the German Chancellor Angela Merkel, during an address to parliament, said that the rescue critically Greece for the whole of Europe. Germany should apply much of the financial burden of 22 billion euros. &quot;Decisions are not And anything less than the future of Europe, about the future of Germany in Europe,&quot; Merkel said a speech to parliament, which would soon expected to approve the diversion of German law the money to Greece. &quot;We are at a crossroads,&quot; she said.
 