Author: Meric Arslan Posted: 01/02/2010 As long as England played well in the field, Terry are tacitly forgiven and gambling, alcohol, cocaine and infidelity, but it obviously came to an end today, John Terry is very much felt the effects of his &quot;scribbling&quot;, but and full payment of the act of abortion gnjusnog his lover and &quot;reward&quot; with 20,000 pounds to make it any easier. Terry&#39;s wife Toni on Monday with their children, twins, Georgie John and Summer Rose traveled to Dubai and previously through his friend left a message to seek a divorce. Toni is no joke because he said it will hire a lawyer Fiona Shackleton, whose clients are in their divorce hearing were Paul McCartney and Madonna. And we know how it went. Madonna and Paul at the end they were pleased with - full of money. RELATED NEWS News humiliated girlfriend Vanessa Perroncel also will &quot;strike back&quot; and has already threatened to present the whole story about his affair with a famous football player told the media.
 Currently the only issue that will get the newspaper story, because Vanessa via her agent Max Clifford seeking the best deal. Specifically, certainly no one expected to give Vanessa her story for free, but British tabloids are already waiting in line in front of her door and wait to find out how much it will cost &quot;juiciest gossip on the island&quot; in the last ten years. He cheated, Toni bye But as the media said Clifford, Perroncel has another dilemma, and that her four-year son. - Vanessa about everything has been well thought out because it is not sure how the whole affair would affect her son. It was not quite ready for such a large media interest and it is normal to wonder what to do. Together we went through all the possible scenarios of what would happen if we all told, and what would happen if she kept quiet. Now waiting for her decision - said Clifford. Problems for Terry not end only with threats to his wife and mistress, but increasingly vocal calls sports institution in England to make Terry should resign from the post of captain of England team.
 Sports Minister Gerry Sutcliffe said today that the role of Terry as captain of the national team is very questionable. However, John Terry or previous years had not given him much reason to believe, but all his affair did not receive an excessive publicity because of the fact that the &quot;leaders&quot; football team, which is sacred in England. As long as England played well in the field, Terry is not too received &quot;the finger&quot; for their misdeeds. But Friday&#39;s all changed and there is almost no English newspapers which have not pulled out of the closet Terry nonsense that he had almost forgiven. For a start, Terry has cheated on his wife before they married nine times, and each time he would forgive Toni, Terry gave a statement that she would never cheat and promised that she will bestow happiness you deserve. The same is repeated even on their wedding day while they exchanged vows and said it would never happen to finish with another woman.
 It was not long until the first following fraud when a 17-year-old told The Sun that with Terry had sex in the park after he was approached on the street and asked for an autograph. This is not the last time that Terry ran into the forbidden relationship, and Toni him every time bye and continued to work as a beautician, but her husband earns more than 170,000 pounds a week. Dysfunctional family What is particularly ironic, Terry&#39;s last year in England gained the title of &quot;father of the year.&quot; - This is a great honor. I won lots of trophies in his career, but this is my favorite. Family is my everything in the world and I am very proud of - then commented Terry. However, Terry has been in various situations showed that he deserves the nickname Captain Controversy (Captain Controversy). In 2001., Shortly after 11 September, with three friends at Heathrow airport drunk American tourists was laughing and joking on account of terrorist attacks.
 He was punished so that he lost two weeks pay. A few months later beat up a bartender in a London pub, a story about his drunkenness and gambling, we can no longer count. In addition to the cube and alcohol, Terry still has a vice, and it was cocaine. However, we can say that the whole dysfunctional family Terry. His father Ted last year, secretly recorded selling cocaine to a reporter, who identified himself as a buyer. Several months before, his mother Sue was caught stealing. Even worse than Woods Sue Terry is in a chain store Marks &amp; Spencer caught stealing clothes and flip flops, and the biggest supermarket chain Tesco has been caught stealing in pet food and sweets. Police said that no idea why he stole all that stuff, because she does not even need. What is particularly bizarre, with her in the company while stealing was the mother of Terry&#39;s wife Toni, Sue Poole. Both have stolen like some kind of kid, and they were stopped by police while in the parking lot Tescoa tucking things in the trunk of a car that drove Terry&#39;s mother.
 Terry are now turned back and his teammates, who today gave their support to his colleague Wayne Bridge, the footballer whose ex-girlfriend, Vanessa. Specifically, it was Terry&#39;s mistress while he was in connection with the Bridge, which today said it will not play for England for as long as Terry will be the team captain, in which they endorsed almost all the team members. Coach Fabio Capello is reportedly under great pressure to remove Terry from the team not only as captain but also as a player, which could mean that Terry will go to South Africa. The media called it the new Tiger Woods, and some even go so far as to say it is even worse than him. Namely, how to write Telegraph commentators, what makes it different from Terry Woods is the fact that Terry has no shame. Number of recommendations: 11 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 