U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton opened the first direct negotiations between Israelis and Palestinians in nearly two years. Thus, the re-launched international efforts to achieve solution of the Middle East problem, the agency reported. Clinton is in the State Department welcomed the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. In the introductory speech mentioned the doubts and skepticism that goes along with these negotiations, as well as past failures. No room here today each of you has made an important step toward freeing his people from the shackles of history you can not change and headed toward a future of peace and dignity that only you can create, she said. Netanyahu: Terrorists will not stop peace, Netanyahu said he was confident that the security needs of his country and desire to achieve Palestinian statehood can be reconciled. I was completely aware of and respect the desire of your people for sovereignty, &quot;Netanyahu said.
 He added that both sides will have to make painful concessions and that other recognized right to exist, whether they want to achieve a permanent solution. I will not allow terrorism to impede the path to peace, but as these events have shown, peace must be based on safety, &quot;said Netanyahu at the start of direct negotiations with the Palestinians. In Washington, there are no key players - Hamas rulers of Gaza, who decided to show it does not give up his bloody scenario - continuing attacks on Israel. There was a time that Palestinians experience the freedom of Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas called on Israel to stop Jewish settlement and repeal the embargo in the Gaza Strip, Hamas, which controls movement. The time has come to realize peace and come to an end the occupation that began in 1967th, it was time that the Palestinians experience the freedom, justice and independence. It is time to get the Palestinians sovereignty, by the State of Israel time to finish the fight in the Middle East, he said.
 Netanyahu and Abbas will meet again 14th and 15 September and in the region, said U.S. special envoy for the Middle East George Mitchell. He added that they had agreed for a period of one year during which they should achieve a peace agreement, and will meet every two weeks. The meeting will once again attended by U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. The world welcomes the renewal of the Middle East peace negotiations terrorist attacks should not overshadow the direct talks Israel and the Palestinians, said UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. Welcomed the renewal of dialogue the European Union, Russia and the Catholic Church, while the exception is the Palestinian movement Hamas, which announces the continuation protuizraelskog resistance. The armed branch of Hamas claimed responsibility for last night&#39;s attack in the West Bank, the second in 24 hours in the area, in which two people were wounded. In the first attack on Tuesday killed four Israeli settlers, including women.
 U.S. President Barack Obama the day before held separate meetings with Netanyahu and Abbas to encourage them to tackle as soon as the major problems that must be overcome to achieve a lasting peace.
 