WASHINGTON, 30 March (Hina) - U.S. airlines Delta, Continental and Northwest on Sunday began with flights to Europe&#39;s busiest airport - London Heathrow, marking a new era in air traffic between the U.S. and 27 EU member states, which began coming into force of the first phase of the agreement &quot;Open skies&quot;. The first aircraft on Sunday landed at Heathrow was on Continental Airlines flight from Newark. &quot;Business travelers want to get to Heathrow. For decades, we were off to Heathrow, which is the most important market for business class in the world. We are delighted that we have here,&quot; he told CNN Continental CEO Jeff Smisek, adding that they paid 200 million U.S. dollars for landing rights to four-day take-off, but it is &quot;well worth your money.&quot; According to the agreement in 1977., Heathrow was reserved only for British Airways and Virgin Atlantic, and the U.S. side for United Airlines and American Airlines.
 Open Skies Agreement &quot;will allow all airlines from the U.S. and EU to fly from any point in the EU and any point in the U.S., but not limited routes, the number of flights and prices, according to the U.S. State Department. Air traffic USA-EU makes 60 percent of global air traffic. According to the regulations, governments on both sides of the Atlantic were to negotiate access to certain airlines at airports, city by city. European carriers also could not fly directly to the U.S. from other European countries. From now on, for example, Air France-KLM will be able to fly directly to Los Angeles from London, which ranges from as early as Monday, a British Airways from Paris to New York. U.S. and EU signed an Open Skies Agreement &quot;in April 2007. After four years of negotiations. It replaces a series of individual contracts with European countries, the United States which determined when and where airlines can fly.
 The agreement was an incentive for growth, competition and the interests of consumers, and represents a breakthrough in transatlantic economic relations, said in a statement the State Department. &quot;Open skies is a win for consumers, airlines and communities on both sides of the Atlantic: to increase the number of travel options, will stimulate trade and employment, and consumers on both sides of the Atlantic will benefit from new services,&quot; the statement added. Daniel Calleja, Director of Civil Aviation Commission, said on Sunday that he will &quot;have more options in terms of choices in terms of reduced ticket prices.&quot; Commission last year estimated that a deal to consumers through five years to make savings of 12 million euros. But some experts are skeptical about the expectation that it will increase the number of transatlantic flights to reduce ticket prices due to high fuel prices, the cost of airport services, and the fact that the flights across the Atlantic in economy class, but now relatively cheap compared to flights within Europe.
 &quot;If someone is expected to decrease prices overnight, it will not happen. Rising fuel prices will exceed the benefits of increased competition,&quot; said Patrick Murphy, a consultant for air travel from Washington, former deputy transport minister and the U.S., the agency Bloomberg. &quot;The idea that prices will be drastically reduced is very exaggerated,&quot; said Kevin Done, an expert on air traffic, the London Financial Times. Willliam Swelbar of the International Centre for Air Transport in Boston, ocjenuje accord will encourage more mergers and partnerships among airlines 2009th and 2010. year, and will &quot;transform, new airlines and new types of flights from those we have today.&quot; Negotiations on the second phase of Open Skies Agreement &quot;, which the European air carriers should provide domestic flights within the United States and buying more than 50 percent ownership stake in American Airlines, should begin to 15th
 May in Ljubljana, and the host will be the government of Slovenia, which chaired by the end of June the European Union. (Hina)
 