Quartet for the Middle East, who make up the UN, U.S., EU and Russia, with cooperation and consultation with Israel, Palestinian Authority and Egypt to the &#39;fundamental change in policy&#39; toward the Gaza Strip, said in a statement released by the Quartet, the State Department. (Photo: Archive / Reuters) Quartet to assess the current humanitarian situation and human rights situation in Gaza &quot;intolerable and unacceptable.&quot; The Quartet calls for a solution that will take into account the &#39;legitimate security concerns of Israel, &quot;put an end to weapons smuggling into Gaza, promote Palestinian unity and the reunification of the West Bank and Gaza under the Palestinian Authority and to ensure&quot; uninterrupted flow of humanitarian aid and commercial goods are goods and persons &#39;in and out of Gaza. Israel on Sunday alleviate the blockade of Gaza, allowing food imports and certain building materials in the Palestinian territory controlled by Hamas, the militant Islamist movement which the United States, Israel and EU consider a terrorist group.
 The Quartet welcomed the mitigation of the Israeli blockade as a &quot;welcome development&quot; and stressed that working out the modalities of implementation will be important to ensure your new policy. &#39;Full and effective implementation will form a significant shift in strategy toward meeting the needs of the population of Gaza for humanitarian and commercial supplies, restore civil facilities and infrastructure, and to legitimate economic activity, as well as to Israel&#39;s security needs, &quot;said the statement by the Quartet. Israel has alleviated the blockade of Gaza after a wave of international criticism that has been exposed because of his commando attack on a flotilla of humanitarian aid for Gaza 31st May, which killed nine propalestinskih activists from Turkey. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Sunday that his government decision to ease restrictions on the supply of goods into Gaza, strengthens the argument for continued naval blockade of the Palestinian coastal enclave to prevent arms being delivered.
 Quartet envoy for the Middle East, former British Prime Minister Tony Blair said that mitigate blocking means &#39;no need&#39; to humanitarian groups sent a new fleet. Some groups in Iran and Lebanon have announced that they will soon send humanitarian aid to Gaza by boat, and the Israeli government last week warned it would use &quot;all necessary means&#39; to prevent the violation of the blockade. &#39;Other people have talked about other flotilla. There is no basis for any action that would create a risk of the same kind of conflict &#39;which took place 31st May said in a briefing Monday at the State Department spokesman Philip Crowley. The quartet is his statement also stressed that he wants to improve trade between Gaza and the West Bank, controlled by the Palestinian Authority. &#39;Now comes the hard part of implementation of this policy, and this process is required effective cooperation with the Palestinian Authority, to increase the flow of people and goods between Gaza and the West Bank, &quot;said Crowley.
 In the last three years, Israel has allowed entry only about 100 basic foodstuffs and consumer goods into Gaza, while prohibiting such goods such as chocolate, jam, chips and shaving cream. A spokesman for Crowley said the U.S. has seen the Israeli list of items that will still be banned, but &quot;definitely believe that cement should be allowed, in order to rebuild schools and other buildings.&quot; After a three-week Israeli offensive on Gaza in January 2009., Which killed more than a thousand Palestinians, and hundreds of buildings, houses and public institutions is destroyed, Israel has banned importing cement and other building materials into the enclave, and many of its 1, 5 million people since then living in the ruins. Quartet in a statement called for the release of Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, whom Hamas has already held four years in captivity. He also expressed support for converting the current indirect talks between Israel and the Palestinians in bilataralne direct talks on issues of final status and achieve the peace settlement in 24 months, which will end the occupation began in 1967th
 and create an independent, democratic and viable Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza. (Hina) News / World Wikileaks: hacker arrested for attacks on sites prosecution 11.12.2010 / 23:07 Obama expressed regret foreign leaders because Wikileaks 11.12.2010 / 22:53 Protest for Animal Rights and their carcasses in the hands of 12/11/2010 / 22 : 14 Stockholm: The two blasts 1 killed, 2 injured 12.11.2010 / 22:08 Vatican warns of the credibility of information from the Wiki ... 12.11.2010 / 20:02 snow storm caused the collapse of traffic: one tourist disappeared 11.12.2010 / 18:54 Share Leave a comment
 