Although Otto Rehhagel announced threatening Greece, which will be difficult to score goals, and the danger will threaten from all sides, South Korea in the first minutes revealed all the weaknesses and shortcomings of the former European champions. Who knows what would be the course of the game that was already in the second minute from a good scoring chance after corner Torosidis. However, his shot went just over the crossbar, and a penalty was followed just five minutes later. Interruptions are supposed to be one of the major Greek weapons, but it was the Koreans took the lead from the break. Ubačaj to five meters, passed all the Greek players, on the other tripods was Jung Soo Lee is easily knocked the ball behind the helpless Tzorvas. But then they began to reproach the first Greek team, missing the self-confidence, a fleet-footed ease with the South Koreans have won the field and rapid antagonism were a constant threat to slow, tired and nervous Greeks. The meeting would be resolved in the first part of the Novozelađanin Michael Hester in 25th
 minute penalty awarded obvious to South Korea. Ji Sung Park is a great pass down the right side and then it was back to the crashed Torosidis. However, the judge remained silent and the Greeks are threaded. In 28th minute, South Korea had a match point. In just eight seconds have played doubles, Ji Sung Park gave an excellent through balls into space launches from the game Papadopoulos, Chu Young Park, but fails to resolve the situation 1-on-1 with Tzorvas. Greece is focusing on high balls, a few poluprilika the wind sent Gekas and Charisteas. Immediately after returning from holiday, Koreans are to resolve the winner. Beginner&#39;s lost ball on the 30-meters from the gate, the Greeks were expensive cost. Member of Manchester United&#39;s Ji Sung Park walked through the Greek defense of the dispute, and sent the ball behind istrčalog Tzorvas for final 2:0. If they were something prisebniji in prospective opportunities, Asians make first appearance in South Africa finished with more goals scored.
 However, they hang like a serious candidate for the passage of the next round, while the Greeks are still waiting for the first goal scored at the World Championships.
 