Although the meeting in Brussels took nearly nine hours, the leaders of the European Union and all countries where the euro is the official legal tender after he testified as to record the whole time until then tapped on the shoulder. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso announced that they agreed in their determination to &quot;do whatever it takes&quot; - Barroso statement whatever it takes to be translated as &quot;Whatever it cost, in order to&quot; save the financial stability, not only Greece, but the entire euro zone, &quot;and how can we be witnesses to the euro countries,&quot; united around their common currency. &quot; This particularly applies to the fact that the leaders of euro zone largely blame brokers are now dragged Greece, today-tomorrow, maybe another country to the brink of collapse speculating on the fall Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: attack us&#39; values Greek government bonds.
 The chairman of euro zone, the Prime Minister and Finance Minister of Luxembourg Jean Claude Juncker in that speaks of the &quot;attack from all over the world&quot; against the euro, which has to be - and can stand on end. What exactly will take action, not words. Because obviously the leaders not only agreed to 110 billion euros in aid to Greece, of which 30 billion would be invested IMF, but on the whole package of measures relating to the stability of the euro and stricter monitoring of member countries. It is however the question of which must decide all the countries of the Union, so this Sunday (9.5.) Again scheduled telephone conference of finance ministers from the European Union. &quot;Bumo s&#39;e sue you!&quot; Because obviously you need to change the basic documents of the European Union. This Friday a group of retired German university professor, told reporters before the German Constitutional Court delivered a complaint against the decision of the German Government on assistance to Greece. Firstly, Germany must borrow in order to give assurance to the government in Athens, but more important is that such aid to another member country of the euro zone - clearly and explicitly prohibited by Article 125 of the Treaty on the accession process.
 There he writes that neither the Union nor any other member of the Union can not stand behind the obligations of any other member. This article is not accidentally fallen into a contract, but it was the will of the writers of the Treaty, each country continues to be responsible for her budget. A university professor from Nuremberg, Karl Albrecht Schachtschneider and his three colleagues are well in the court in Karlsruhe, for they have already submitted a complaint 1998th, objecting to the introduction of the euro in Germany. Then the court rejected their appeal, and this time did not make any further than the porter of the court - but he is still, by regulation, took their petition to the 150-page printed and issued them a certificate of the misguided. For it is given the contractual obligations of member states, is not quite clear how the judges of the highest court in Germany to decide this time. Bildunterschrift: A picture as a souvenir: Retired professors filed a lawsuit against the assistance to Greece: Wilhelm Hankel, Wilhelm Noelling, Karl Albrecht Schachtschneider and Joachim Starbatty in front of the Constitutional Court Here is your drachmas! Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The return of national currencies and in theory would be difficult - not to say impossible grip! Schachtschneider professor and his colleagues believe that is the only real way out, expel Greece from the euro zone and then leave her to be at such as inflation, fighting against the accumulated problems.
 How is it possible, a country out of the zone common currency, the fact there are only theoretical thinking and absolutely no legal basis so that the European Central Bank on it nor speak. In any case, would cost much money and only a technical introduction of the new-old currency instead of the euro in Greece. Given that Greece is still &quot;lightweight&quot; in the euro zone, the volume of money that is used in Greece would once again just in theory, the entire euro zone could &quot;swallow&quot;. For example, in Germany it would be almost impossible, but we do not think anyone. Author: A. Subic (DPA, Reuters) Re. eds: Z. Arbutina
 