Poles who spend holidays in Dalmatia, on the stretch from Zadar to Dubrovnik, so, now occupying the center of Split, where they were allowed to vote in elections for president of their country. According to early exit polls released tonight by the Polish state television TVP Parliament from the ruling Civic Platform Bronislaw Komorowski water in front of Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the former prime minister and killed twin President Lech Kaczynski. Komorowski has 53.1 percent of votes, and Kaczynski 46.9. Jaroslaw Kaczynski after the publication of exit polls, conceded defeat, reports the BBC bothered them hot Given that about 700,000 Poles is on holiday, the State Election Commission has decided to all who wish to allow a vote during the holidays. Therefore, in the Mediterranean countries, where the spend the summer, a dozen polling stations opened. Unexpected crowds, long lines and a great turnout despite the Polish tourists nesnosnoj heat, surprised members of the commission at a polling station in Kula Hrvojevoj street in Split.
 - I came from where the Labor Day holiday in Omis private accommodation. I did not expect that we will get this much. Terribly hot, I do not know how all this will sustain the elderly and children. It was necessary to organize this somewhere in the shade. No, I&#39;m not sorry I came to choose their president. You know, for us it is very important - said Arthur Piekus from Bielsko-Biala. According to Aleksandar Kucy, Consul in the Polish Embassy in Zagreb, at 6 o&#39;clock in the polling station opened in Split, just a minute later came the first voters. Up to 11 hours of voting was about 600 Poles, and it is expected that there will be about 2 000 of their tourists. They arrive in Dubrovnik, from Korcula, Hvar, Brac, Vis and other places. It is estimated that rests on the Adriatic coast about five thousand Polish guests. An important duty - Abnormally hot. To protect from the sun umbrellas, scarves, shawls, hats. Was terribly crowded and long lines. I hope that I will still wait for hours and I&#39;ll quickly jump into your beautiful sea - we complained to Alexander F.
 She came to vote with their daughter Justyna from Podgora. For the first time in Croatia and are enthusiastic. - Definitely did not expect so many people, but we are happy. So choose your president - she said Justyna. The election campaign was unusually calm, in the shadow of the tragic fall of the presidential aircraft 10th April, near Smolensk in Russia. In that accident, died, Lech Kaczynski and 95 members of high government and military delegations. Jaroslaw Kaczynski Polish part of the public accusing it of using the tragedy for political purposes, in which his brother was killed. Exit polls: Komorowski won, Kacznyski Jaroslaw Kaczynski conceded defeat today after the publication of exit polls, conceded defeat, reports the BBC. According to exit polls released by the Polish state television TVP, chairman of parliament from the ruling Civic Platform Bronislaw Komorowski water in front of former prime minister and killed twin President Lech Kaczynski.
 Komorowski has 53.1 percent of votes, and Kaczynski 46.9 percent of the vote. The first official election results will be published tomorrow. Elections were held in the shadow of the tragic fall of the presidential aircraft 10th April, near Smolensk in Russia. In that accident, died, Lech Kaczynski and 95 government officials.
 