Learn to be a better person. This may sound strange, because I do not think I had bad people before I embraced Islam, but I did have to teach Islamic values such as patience and tolerance. Those who know me, it is clear that this can be a big struggle at times fatal, or a happy photo camera What was issued by Yvonne Ridley, and surrendered into the hands of the Taliban in September 2001. is its camera why he spent ten days in custody; then began the long process in her life. The camera had slipped from her shoulders before the Taliban soldier when, disguised in Afghan woman with niqab from head to toe, entered the country without a passport on the edge of the UN invasion. Sunday Express as a reporter, she wanted to talk to Afghans about their interests. The Taliban were suspected to Yvonne American spy who appeared at a time when thousands of Afghans left the country to save their lives.
 Yvonne, who was then 42 years said: &quot;If I was an American spy, then let God help the Americans.&quot; Mullah Omar was then ordered her release from &quot;humanitarian grounds&quot;. But her camera was never recovered. I had no money and probably do not know what the issues, but there&#39;s no way I would allow someone so narrow view on this story, because it was completely distorted. &quot;How much do you know about Islam before you become a Muslim? RIDLEY: I did not know much about Islam before I became Muslim. Just what I&#39;ve learned through the media. How do you accept Islam? RIDLEY: During the captivity of the Taliban, I visited a religious official. Asked me some questions about faith and asked me if I converted to Islam. I was afraid to be me, if you give a wrong answer, to kill. After I carefully thought about, I thanked the officer generous offer and said it would be difficult to make such life decisions while in custody.
 However, I promised that I would, if I am relieved, to study Islam during his return to London. So I, after I released, I read a translation of the Quran in English. When I returned to England, I chose the different chapters of the Quran. I was amazed at the rights that Islam gives to women and that was something that attracted me most to Islam. Did you get the necessary support from the Muslim community, especially after you have converted to Islam? RIDLEY: Yes and no. I got great support from the nurses, I think I was more fortunate than others who had converted to Islam. Some of them will be a great support and almost all-day supervision. Unfortunately, many of us are abandoned after pronounce martyrdom (belonging to the faith). In fact, I want to tell our brothers and sisters that the first year of return to Islam is very critical in terms of development of the person as a member of Islam. Please do not leave us when we say Shahada! I coughed guards Yvonne describes prison as &quot;any other, without running water, although the staff treated her with respect, she is brutally rejected.
 &quot;I spat on the guards, threw things at them,&quot; he admits. &quot;I do not know who was happier when I went to the free territory, they or I, could hardly wait to get rid of me.&quot; What are the biggest challenges you had to meet after you have converted to Islam? RIDLEY: Learning to be a better person. This may sound strange, because I do not think I had bad people before I embraced Islam, but I did have to teach Islamic values such as patience and tolerance. Those who know me, it is clear that this can be a big struggle at times. How are your friends and family accept your conversion to Islam? What was their reaction? RIDLEY: They were all shocked. As a party-girl can suddenly leave the Western way of life and embrace Islam? But after a while, they realized that it was my choice. I&#39;m happier and healthier, I lost. They noticed me, whatever is happening in my life, and corresponds to a very good feel.
 Denied that was credited to Islam. Friends have asked me whether I have a boyfriend, and I would respond: &quot;Why do you think that would look so good, I need a man? I mean, do not you accept that I finally found something that gives me happiness, inner strength and spirituality? &quot;Since many polemics about wearing a headscarf, how you deal with it in England? RIDLEY: I immediately covered and very glad that we&#39;re asking this question. Many express their opinion on the headscarf, especially men, who are not obliged to wear. They do not know what the challenges women must face when placed or niqab headscarf and went out the door. She is fighting for Islam, it is on the front lines. She has exhibited disdain. Unfortunately, some nurses have been physically attacked because of the ongoing debate about the hijab that triggered many unthinking politicians. My advice to these politicians is to stay away from our closets.
 What would a woman wear-has nothing to do with you. I want to tell her sisters: the hijab is the obligation in Islam. I looked for a replacement, an excuse. But no excuses, headscarf is mandatory. I would recommend to people in their environment have nurses who do not wear the headscarf to be patient and give them time. All we are on a spiritual journey, some of us reach higher levels faster than others. Simply, it is time. We should not criticize the nurses who do not wear the headscarf, because there are many pressures and stressful situations. Instead, they can be supportive and help them. Neither I am not now covered. I needed time, and this time my period of maturation and development as a Muslim. Every day they mature; to carry out this conversation for 20 years, yet I would say that I learn and mature. Turned down a Hollywood DIRECTOR Yvonne is strongly opposed to distortion and manipulation of Islam. He once refused an offer from a Hollywood director, who, after having read her book &quot;In the hands of the Taliban,&quot; expressed an interest to make the film but wanted to present the Taliban as &quot;dirty, filthy Arabs&quot;.
 &quot;First of all, the Taliban are not dirty unclean Arabs as you call them,&quot; she replied. &quot;They are mostly from Afghanistan and Pakistan. Furthermore, they were all handsome, young people. &quot;When the agent insisted that Yvonne accept adaptation of his story, she said:&quot; I never had the money and probably do not know what the issues, but there is no chance that I will allow someone so narrow view of the story, because it was completely distorted. &quot;In your opinion, what should non-Muslims should know about Islam? What is the most important message that we, as Muslims, should be transferred to non-Muslims? RIDLEY: We need to break into the West by the fact that Muslim women are oppressed, subjugated creatures. Some women are ruled by man, but you I can take in the non-Muslim areas to show you oppressed women in the West. The problem of domestic violence is not a Muslim problem, but it is a global problem for all women. Fashion issues affecting Muslim women and women of the West.
 What I wanted to say to women who are not Muslim is to be under the veil is the character of Muslim women. If you pay attention, you&#39;ll see that underneath the veil there is much more incredible, internationally-conscious, multikvalificiranih and talented woman. So, instead of spending so much time wondering what lies beneath that veil, stop and talk with the sisters. There are many Islamic feminists. They are far more radical than their secular counterparts. TERMINATION AND TOBACCO S ALOKOHOLOM She began to adopt the Islamic regulations and avoid non-Islamic practices such as alcohol and cigarettes. &quot;I fought with cigarettes, in the end I won,&quot; she joked. But then she felt oppressed by their own society. &quot;I&#39;ve always been against the war, I spoke at antiwar rallies, gatherings of Muslims and non Muslims. But when I meet, I received a call of extremists. &quot;With the English translated: Ismedina Hajdarević Taken from: (http://wechooseislam.wordpress.com/2008/04/05/finding-womens-liberation-in-islam-an- interview-with-yvonne-ridley /) New Horizons Treatment: IslamBosna.ba Add this article to your favorite online community Read comments [0 replies] There are no comments Comment Loginuj to answer
 