When the next Thursday, 28 May, Ryanair plane detach from Zadar airport runway time Dublin, Zagreb&#39;s residents Valentini will start their honeymoon. - We inquired and to fly from Zagreb. However, it turned out that the price of a return ticket on a regular line from Zagreb receive two return tickets with low carrier. With Ryanair, we paid 1600 kuna for funerals, and the difference to the price of regular flights will miss us for the cost of hostels in Dublin. True, we had to define two months earlier, but worth it - explains why Valerie will be printed on a honeymoon in Zadar Zagreb instead of her. Customers no shortage of buyers for the map of numerous low cost carriers in Croatia are not lacking. Although, rarely travel on promotional fare of seven or ten euros. - Top price tickets to European cities finishes in five hundred, six or seven hundred kuna; usually goes 150-200 kuna for a ticket, and then adds aviotakse, storage fees, the use of cards and the like - says Mirjana Bečić from Split agencies and Compass added that Croatia Airlines and other airlines liner increasingly compete with low-cost carriers low, fantastic prices.
 However, the Croatian aviopromet sky is still strongly revived until the arrival of very low cost carriers. Last year it was Croatia, with about thirty European cities linked, and this year is expected to increase their numbers and range expansion of cities to be flown from Zagreb, Pula, Split, Dubrovnik, Zadar ... Zadar recorder Altogether, otherwise, expect more avioputnika four percent in 2010., Which will largely be the result of very low cost flights. The recorder will appear to be the airport of Zadar, where the count as much as 40 percent more passengers. - The plan to increase mainly due to Ryanair, which last year Zadar linked with seven, and this year with 11 destinations and German Wings or the number of flights increases capacity by 38 percent. Basically, last year we had 260 000 passengers, and this year we will cross the figure of 300,000. By comparison, in the prime of life before the war we had 120 000 passengers - said the Director of Airports Zadar Catherine Pupić Bakrač.
 Denies the frequent perception that low cost carriers guests thin wallets. According to a survey they did, say, to the guests that the average stay on vacation 11 days, namely, six in Zadar, while the remaining five in other places on the Adriatic coast. - Pleasantly surprised, and other indicators. These are people from an average of 31 years, 97 percent of them travel there, spend a day as much as 92 euros - said K. Pupić Bakrač. Dubrovnik - 500 kn Barcelona Vueling Airlines connects the city during the season with Barcelona and Madrid at cheap price of 200 kuna for a return ticket, or 500 if you include taxes and fees. Split - 600 kn Berlin German Wings from Split connects with five German cities. Best prices are six hundred kuna, including taxes and booking a month, two in advance. Zadar - 500 kn Dublin Ryanair, which last year brought many visitors to Zadar airport, connecting the city at a cost of five hundred kuna aviotaksama check and mostly over the internet.
 Pula - Stockhol 800 kn Norwegian Pula airport, among other things, connecting with Stockholm. For departure 23rd 27th June and return June return ticket and aviotaksi is 800 kuna. Zagreb - London 500 kn Wizzair flies from the Croatian capital on the London Luton airport with a starting price of five hundred kuna, the price of the trip ticket and airport taxes. Zagreb - Frankfurt 350 EUR Ryanair connects the cheapest variant of the direct line of Osijek with the Frankfurt for just seven euros, and when taxes are added, the offer is still very good - 350 kuna.
 