WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise is environmentally friendly mobile car wash service and green franchise. WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise is what you need! wash my car Press Release - Jan 07, 2010 - WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise began to expand in the world! We are looking for franchise and Master franchise units across the world! WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise is a new concept in Europe, and that means washing your car at the place where he parked it. WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise is environmentally friendly mobile car wash service and green franchise. WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise is what you need! Start your business TODAY! Start WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise! For at least 4 reasons: 1 Mobile car wash business will grow exponentially over the next few years, due to the numerous restrictions imposed on the classic car wash unit according to the regulations of environmental protection (water, filtration systems, etc.).
 These restrictions do not affect WASH MY CAR - mobile franchise concept car wash, which is perfectly equipped for environmental requirements. 2nd Time is money. WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise service saves the customer time to go to a traditional car wash unit, wait in line and spend time washing procedure. 3rd WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise concept uses 3 different methods for mobile car washing, unique in the world from this perspective. Type of car wash May be tailored to each client. 4th Investments to begin WASH MY CAR - mobile car wash franchise business is low and the profit rate is over 60%! Contact us: contact@themobilecarwashfranchise.com www.TheMobileCarwashFranchise.com --- End --- Issued By - Wash My Car State / Province - Country Bucharest - Romania Categories - Franchise, Business, Auto Tags - mobile wash my car, wash, Fran behind, starts, spread around the world Last Updated - Jan 07, 2010 Shortcut - http://prlog.org/10478551 Disclaimer: Issuers of the press releases are solely responsible for the content of their press releases.
 PRLog.Org can not be held liable for the contents of the press releases. Report Abuse Upcoming Press Releases ...
 