Author: Mario Gatara Posted: 15.02.2010 culmination of the crisis, marked by a significant fall in prices of government bonds, the elements of &#39;creative accounting&#39; where the past years the Greek authorities resorted to throwing a completely new light on an issue that is brought into question the reputation of the European Monetary Union. Few of the media from confidential sources succeeded to dig a little detail on the complicated transactions that the government concluded in Athens over the past ten years in order to hide the true extent of huge holes in public finances. For now, Goldman Sachs was mentioned as the main culprit of the case these days, turned into a real scandal, but all the opportunity to &#39;wizards&#39; one of the largest U.S. investment banks are not the sole author of complicated structured products, which basically is irresistibly reminiscent of the logic that has imploded 2007 . The subprime crisis, iniciravši chain reaction from which emerged the biggest global economic crisis since the Depression-era thirties of last century.
 RELATED NEWS News This is, in fact, on products that could be classified into a group of foreign exchange swaps, which is actually a tool that should serve as a means of protection against exchange rate risk, neutralizing the adverse changes in interest rates and the rate of borrowing in a particular currency can significantly embitter life of the debtor. However, in this case, Greece is not only seeking protection against foreign exchange risk, but is actually used foreign exchange swaps as a means of further borrowing, seeking ways to defer payment of those same duties. And as in the case of securitized financial instruments (asset-backed securities), which provoked an eruption of the subprime crisis, the bank a little (or no) cared about the actual quality of assets, but it was more important to market more of such instruments as the would immediately realize a profit (and with it the generous bonuses), so the Greek ruling sets, rather than engage with the problem, simply decided to delay its resolution, svaljujući even greater burden on the backs of taxpayers.
 And things are now slowly coming to light, while Eurostat statisticians are trying to discover the true extent of practice that requires a drastic revision of the indicators from the past. As appropriate illustration can serve an example of the budget deficit in 2002. year, which was originally priced at quite a tolerable 1.2% of GDP. In September 2004. The deficit was revised to 3.7%, while the current estimate is 5.2%. In addition to being a real burden on the backs of the Greek taxpayer thereby became more difficult for the approximately six billion euros, the audit raises the question of additional costs, since the European Commission has a mandate to impose fines in case of exceeding defined criteria, which in this case, according to the Maastricht Treaty, amounts to 3% of GDP. Once this is imposed on a simple conclusion - the Greek Government is simply cheated the European Commission, and Goldman Sachs to blame (or credit) which is then passed Greece &#39;liso&#39;, without penalty, formally fulfilling the Maastricht criteria.
 It is no wonder that the Greeks are pretty dreadful in Luxembourg, the headquarters of Eurostat. And it becomes clearer why European political leaders (among them Angela Merkel certainly) still do not dare to commit to a concrete support Greece, but rescue conditional rigorous surveillance programs. Referring to well-informed sources, some media claimed that the Greek government 2002nd transaction was concluded with Goldman Sachs to be part of the debt arising from the bond issue, denominated in foreign currency (in the game, it seems, the dollar and yen), converted into euros. However, the transaction was concluded with the fictional courses through which Goldman Sachs is actually credited Greece with an additional billion dollars, which in turn is recorded in the statistics because it is not a typical assignment, but the transaction in the foreign exchange market. Allegedly used similar tricks, and Italy, all with a clear goal - a complicated foreign exchange swaps to postpone the maturity of commitments.
 But the story did not end. Because in addition to the Goldman Sachs pulled out immediately after the realization of generous commission (in the game are hundreds of millions of dollars), a debt Greeks eventually have to pay (the bonds are issued with maturities between 10 and 15 years), the story gets perverted by the fact that the epilogue (supposedly) the same swap (these and similar financial instruments, banks regularly &#39;ball&#39; on the market), Goldman Sachs sold one - Greek bank. It is mentioned, namely, National Bank of Greece), that is (well, that is the culmination of perversion) of the assets used as collateral for loans (liquidity injections) of the European Central Bank. At the same time, according to the New York Times, with a similar proposal from the Goldman Sachs team arrived in Athens last November, when the yield on the 10-year Greek bonds, for the first time since late July, has exceeded 4.8%, signaling a growing investor confidence. Government, this time led by new Prime Minister, who is on early parliamentary elections, trampled his opponents (PASOK is great dissatisfaction with the public strongly capitalized), refused the offer, but then must face the fact that revenues from various sources (such as funds from concessions on the lottery or airport) reserved as a guarantee of payment commitments.
 Now pointing the finger at Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan and other investment banks would be pretty naive, and the same will probably get the whole story excepted, as punishment for immoral behavior - no. Culprits should ask the politicians who, instead of advocating the painful cuts and structural reforms to long-term prosperity, these transactions actually cheat their voters, offering them a populism without coverage. And while Greece is not a lone case. According to the Eurostat survey published in 2008. years, in many cases, the process of securitization deliberately applied with a single goal - to distort and bypass the accounting standards regardless of the economic viability of such transactions. &quot; And &quot;if the government wants to cheat, she will do it,&quot; said Garry Schinasi, one of the supervisors of the International Monetary Fund who has extensive experience with the &#39;creative accounting&#39; at the national level.
 Victims of such practices that now seriously threatens the credibility of the EMU, there is plenty. With the Greek taxpayers, there are still banks on its balance sheet have billions of dollars of Greek government bonds. According to data from the Bank for International Settlements, in Germany is stored Greek bonds in the amount of 43 billion U.S. dollars, while in the case of Switzerland, this figure rises to 64, in the case of France at 76 billion dollars (Societe Generale and Credit Agricole were important names of the Greek banking system). Finally, the list of victims also include the countries which, thanks to Greece, now for the constant surveillance of financial markets, like Spain, Ireland and Portugal. And there is, of course, and Croatia (although with diametrically opposite practices of those in Greece), for the moment to seek investors for the new issue of bonds abroad is quite a thankless task. Oh really - mission impossible. Number of recommendations: 2 Post on Facebook More o. ..
 FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 