nihilius: yossarian: nihilius: Quote will be originals, which I clearly dao.Ja Faurissona I read while I still did not know you exist, therefore, does not speak nonsense, as I wrote, insults will not win the discussion. It&#39;s a trick 38, but for me it will not be nihilius: &quot;Plagiarism &quot;!?!!? obvious that you have no idea what that word znači.Za you this article from&quot; Time &quot;does not exist and are cited by many of&quot; plagiarism &quot;(which does not even mention Faurissona-and I have no idea what Faurisson wrote of it) as an example the article &quot;A Prominent propagandist: Elie Wiesel&quot; www. real-debt-elimination. com. &quot;Plagiarism&quot; and something illiterate peasant lupšio.Gdje would you go to school? that you have read faurissona would know kak the text on the page you are given the faurissona. Since you wrote you read the above underlined also, obviously not telling the truth jel and I say that you do not have the slightest idea what was about faurisson wrote. For you is an insult that I told you that I read Faurissona before you knew it there? It činjenica.Što regards the topic &quot;Holocaust&quot;, in your case better if you did not read anything, because you did absolutely nothing learned neither have ever shown the will to to.To and valid for the state of Israel lost cause for me-I do not want postojiš.ako be a loser, it works in your vrijeme.S indoktranim characters that facts are not interested in no time.
 for me is an insult kak talking nonsense. tak same offense is when one is too obvious and too bad tak crazy jel from your post that I citriao all clear. I have already said that his &quot;knowledge&quot; crpiš from 3-4 and conspiracy blog site that acknowledge not only uncritically kaj intellectually dishonest, but without checking the contents. it is possible Montefiore case where you have a great friend of the family who rothschield označil enemy, your citation of the relevant alane although the book not the refrain jel read out only in Hebrew, claims that the young Stalin, no Croatian, claims that 1 miliion Israelis visiting prostitutes, claims that the Palestinians in Israel have different tables, claims that Elie Wiesel v / s jewsih world library, Confusion faurissonvog posznatgo text of Wiesel, flawed theories about the character with your avatar, observed Sene thesis on Jewish slave trade, false figures about the amount of U.S. aid .... .........
 etc.
 