Volodimirivna Julia Tymoshenko (Ukrainian: Ulia Timoshenko Volodimirívna) (27 November 1960.), Ukrainian politician, who currently holds the prime minister of Ukraine. Before that, the Ukrainian Prime Minister was of 24 January 8th September 2005. Stands at the forefront of the parties Sveukrajinskog alliance &quot;Homeland,&quot; and the Election Tymoshenko bloc. Before it was a successful businesswoman in the gas industry, entering the circle of the richest people of Ukraine. Before he became the first woman prime minister of Ukraine, was a major ally of the then opposition leader, today&#39;s Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko (it was his deputy when he was prime minister). It is also one of the key leaders of the Orange Revolution occurred after the presidential 2004 elections. which brought Yushchenko to power. During this period, some media have called &quot;Orange Revolution, Joan of Arc.&quot; 28th July 2005.
 Forbes magazine named her third most powerful woman in the world, in front of it are found only Condoleezza Rice and Wu Yi. From 18 December 2007. was again Prime Minister of Ukraine. After his defeat in presidential elections was dismissed from work, and the head of the new government came Mykola Azarov. Contents Biography of Origin Yulia Tymoshenko was born in Dnipropetrovsk. Its origin is quite questionable. Itself says that the half-lett with paternal and maternal half-Ukrainian. Father&#39;s name, Grigyan, can also be misinterpreted as an Armenian. Sometimes the maiden name of her mother Telegina associated with Russian roots. She married 1979th for Oleksandr Tymoshenko, son of the Soviet Communist apparatchiks and then began to climb the positions of the former Soviet system. She graduated from the Faculty of Economics dnjipropetrovskomu acquiring a PhD. Since then he has published about 50 scientific papers.
 During the 1989th, was founded by a chain of video stores, which has operated quite successfully. Yulia Tymoshenko invaded through many positions in the Soviet system, but only after the collapse of the Soviet Union seized a prominent position when operated with several energy companies. During privatization in Ukraine, which took place in Russia as well as in terms of corruption and wrong business, her husband became one of Ukraine&#39;s wealthiest tycoons, enriching the export of metals. In the period from 1995th - 1997., Yulia Tymoshenko was chaired by &quot;United Energy Systems of Ukraine&quot;, a private company that in 1996. become a major importer of Russian gas. At that time they called the &quot;gas princess&quot; on charges of internationally sold huge quantities of stolen Russian gas. Tymoshenko&#39;s political career has entered into politics 1996th When he was elected MP for the area in Kirovogradske Verhovnoj It won a record 92.3% of the vote in his field.
 He was re-elected 1998th and 2002. 1998th stood at the head of the Committee on the Budget Verhovne Rade. In the period in 1999. - 2001., Tymoshenko was the Deputy Minister for fuel in the energy sector in the government of Viktor Yushchenko. The then President Leonid Kuchma was released in January 2001. on charges of forgery of customs documents and smuggling Russian natural gas for the time when the presidency of the United Energy Systems of Ukraine, 1995 .- 1997th She was arrested in February 2001. But a few weeks later released and acquitted of all charges. As stated by Yulia Tymoshenko, her charges were planted by Kučmina regime and the coal industry lobby, which Tymoshenko threatened to eradicate corruption and introduce some market reforms. Once you are against it dismissed all the charges, has started a campaign against then-President Kuchma and his alleged involvement in the murder of journalist Georgy Gongadzea.
 The following year he participated in an unusual automobile accident where he almost died - a case that some believe that it is the government&#39;s attempt to murder, would not be so removed from the political scene Timošenkovu. Yulia Tymoshenko&#39;s critics resent the most dubious ways that has gained immense wealth in a short period of time. Some hold that it is the most suitable person who could, if it really wanted, crack down on corruption in Ukraine since it is well aware of the illegal conduct of affairs are nothing new in that country. Her former business associate and former Ukrainian Prime Minister Pavlo Lazarenko, was conditionally sentenced in the United States on charges of money laundering, corruption and fraud, and demanded his extradition to Ukraine, which has charged him with abuse of power verdict, and the acquisition of wealth. It is believed that Lazarenko transferred from the country billions of dollars.
 In addition, Tymoshenko&#39;s husband, Oleksandr, spent two years in hiding to avoid imprisonment, based, according to the couple Tymoshenko on political and unfounded accusations of former President Kuchma. Immediately after the Orange Revolution, 28 January 2005., Ukrainian prosecutors closed the case against former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and her family members due to lack of evidence. It was specifically about the accusations against her husband Oleksandr and his father, Gennady Timoshenko. Shortly after the rejection of the indictment, Oleksandr Tymoshenko returned to Ukraine. Despite the dubious past, many believe that its change from tycoons to reformers honest and efficient. As deputy minister of fuel and energy, she really broke many corrupt and illegal deals in the energy sector. During her management, the income of the Ukrainian energy sector increased by several thousand percent.
 It eliminated the payment of barter or exchange, requiring payers to pay cash. It also withdrew a decision to release payments many organizations that were exempt from the exclusion of energy. Her reforms have reached the age of funds from which they are paid civil servants and increased incomes. However, a few months she was Ukrainian Prime Minister, the difficulties in fulfilling the promise during the Orange Revolution, have slowly begun to harm the Government of Yulia Tymoshenko. On 8 September 2005., after the resignations of several senior officials including Peter Porošenka who headed the Council of National Security and Defence and Deputy Prime Minister Mikola Tomenko, Yulia Tymoshenko&#39;s government has fallen decision of President Yushchenko. It was succeeded Yuri Jehanurov, former ruler of Dnipropetrovsk region. In opposition before 2005. She was briefly arrested in February 2001. It was at that time became the most ardent opponent of then-President Leonid Kuchma, and most analysts hold that the attention of Russia, which Tymoshenko drew upon himself was actually an attempt to protect Russia&#39;s, in which Kuchma had the allies.
 Russian accusations against Tymoshenko have never been clearly explained, and are discarded only when she came down from the position of Ukrainian Prime Minister. When she was at the head of the opposition against Kuchma since 2001. - 2004., Tymoshenko has accused him of corruption and death of journalist Georgy vague Gongadzea, an opposition journalist who was kidnapped and brutally murdered in 2001. year. At the time, and established the Yulia Tymoshenko Block (Block ukr. Ûlíí̈ Tymoshenko), a political bloc that is in the parliamentary elections 2002nd won 7.2% of the vote. It is also the president of a political party &quot;Fatherland&quot; (Bat&#39;kivščyna / Batʹkívŝina). After the Orange Revolution 24th January 2005. was appointed Ukrainian Prime Minister under the chairmanship of Juščenkovim, becoming the first woman prime minister in Ukraine&#39;s history. After lengthy negotiations on the drafting of Cabinet ministers, Yulia Tymoshenko as prime minister acknowledged the Verhovna Rada 4th February 2005. an overwhelming majority of 373 votes (226 needed for confirmation).
 After several minutes, Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko read the names of his ministers, while President Viktor Yushchenko signed their appointment in parliament. At the site of the Prime Minister remained until the 8th September 2005., when Yushchenko dismissed the government. It was later criticized as prime minister, stressing that economic growth slowed. After being dismissed, went on a tour of Ukraine is determined in his quest to win the presidential elections in 2006. It is obvious that he wants to return at any cost, place of Ukrainian Prime Minister. Tymoshenko has strengthened its block and entered the parliamentary elections in March 2006. as its leader and won, it is estimated, about 130 seats, which led to speculation about the party&#39;s coalition of Yushchenko &quot;Our Ukraine&quot; Bloc and the Yulia Tymoshenko together with the Ukrainian socialists if you want to prevent that came to power pro-Russian Viktor Yanukovych and his Party of Regions.
 However, instead, the ruling coalition, Yushchenko and Yanukovych have created. It is the year 2007. dissolved and new parliamentary elections for the narrow victory achieved pro-Western bloc and the Yulia Tymoshenko became prime minister again. On 3.9. 2008th the coalition fell apart after allegations that Yushchenko and Tymoshenko has promised in exchange for the Kremlin&#39;s support in the upcoming presidential elections, stepped on the Russian side in the war over Abkhazia and South Ossetia. The year 2010. lost the presidential elections of Viktor Yanukovich, and shortly thereafter, and most of the order, which is why it is the 11th head of government March 2010. Sacks Mykola Azarov. External links Retrieved from &quot;http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julija_Timo% C5% A1enko Categories: Born 1960th | Living people | Biography, Ukraine | Ukrainian politicians Questions for article: Julia tymošenko
 