In the Japan Sea have begun to date the largest joint military exercises the United States and South Korea, codenamed &quot;invincible spirit, and the North. Korea persists in its threats and the interpretation that it is the &quot;unpardonable military provocation.&quot; The South Korean agency Yonhap reported that in war games along the eastern coast of the Korean peninsula, part 20 ships, including submarines and a nuclear aircraft carrier USS George Washington, 200 warplanes and 8000 soldiers, U.S. and South Korea. The maneuvers are the focus of world attention because they are arranged after the March torpedoed and sank a South Korean military ship &quot;Cheonan,&quot; with 46 crew members of the Seoul accuses Pyongyang and demanded an apology, he never got. Holy war and retribution četverodnevnih As far as military exercises, North Korean agency KCNA quoted a message to the rulers in Pyongyang that &quot;the people and the army North. Korea legitimately respond to provocation powerful nuclear deterrence&quot; in the report cited the &quot;holy war of vengeance&quot;.
 Because South Korea&#39;s sinking ship and Waiver of its nuclear program, a few days ago the United States stepped up sanctions on North. Korea. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday visited the demilitarized zone between the countries that have already been 60 years in the war. She said that new sanctions obrušavati the people at the top of the regime and the banks that financed the nuclear industry through money laundering, counterfeiting, smuggling weapons and luxury goods. Pyongyang before the collapse of the military analyst Igor Tabak sees no real danger of a nuclear response, and Pyongyang says the exercises are the U.S. and South Korea announced about a week after the announcement of the results of the investigation which established that a South Korean ship was torpedoed, probably small submarines to the north. - I wanted to show that the U.S. holds up South Korea as its allies in Southeast Asia because the U.S. still commands the joint command for the defense of Korea - he says.
 Sea border the two Koreas is the source of periodic friction between them, because it borders on land only temporary. Tabak also states that the North. Korea in the transition of power from Kim Jong Ila to his son, which is why Pyongyang for some time causing the crisis would not have won a better position in negotiations with the United States, China, Russia, Japan and South Korea, due to food aid, and the botched reform of the currency has led the country in an extremely difficult situation.
 