Wall Street Italia, Home Page, 18 July 2010: &quot;The economy - World Of Long Tone Under $ 1 quadrillion. The global economic and financial system is flooded debts. This is a historical phenomenon, which this generation, here, now, testify. It is about exaggerated biggest debt bubble ever, the total quadrillion dollar figures in $ 1,000,000,000,000,000 or ten to fifteen. How do we pay this enormous mass of paper which printed the central bank, which really has no precedent in economic history of mankind? radical solution would be to make a global bankruptcy. During the current financial crisis we are faced with the fact that nations and banks may collapse. This phenomenon is not common, and shows the fragility of the economic system that we built. How is it possible that despite ever greater worker productivity, all countries are on the verge of bankruptcy, it is possible that despite the authority for issuing currency and all other privileges they have, collapse and credit institutions? This option seems so unreal, and the general population was attributed mainly poor management and greed, but in reality, it is far from the truth.
 Glas Istre, 18 July 2010: &quot;Croatia seventh in Europe in debt. Why are Croatia, along with other peripheral countries in Europe, ranked so highly on the scale of the risk of bankruptcy of state finances, it is not difficult to conclude. It is a country hard hit by economic crisis, where public spending has remained the same or continued to grow. continued to borrow to pokrpale difference between production and consumption of descending. The collapse of the banking system and the insolvency of the state is a logical and inevitable consequence of imposed rules which we have been strictly adhered to. We are not all Mirko Norac, we are not even Ante Gotovina, one of the Ustase, someone was a communist, someone is liberal, we all internauts, but we are from first to last, all the sheep for shearing. In the case where the central bank 100% owned by the state and there is still debt, and government has always issued debt bonds and thus get into debt instead of issuing a sovereign currency, unburdened by any debt.
 In the case where the central bank, or nearly 100% privately owned, there is also a public debt, and this country has always issued debt securities. In both cases, money is created as a debt or loan money or money-debt, and since it is without any material basis, practically issue out of nothing, still banks, and in which the government borrows at auctions, banks buy government bonds money arising from the vacuum, all in all a big zero. From the above it is obvious that something is amiss monetary system. Italian daily &quot;Il Giornale&quot; published an article: &#39;provocation, monetary sovereignty in private hands. &quot; Officially, the economy is a social science that interprets events in the economic cycles that are continually recurring economic crisis. Today, however, clear that the economy is in fact perfectly organized crime in which the robbery disguised economic crisis.
 In the early 90&#39;s, the Croatian public debt amounted to some 24 billion kuna, 2000 years roughly 47 billion. Amount you have gone Croatian public debt in 2010, not računavši government guarantees, minus HAC, the remaining debt to pensioners, guarantees HBOR and some other things, the bright red color of the figure around 128 billion. Incredible arrogance, Croatian Finance Minister Ivan Suker a few days ago, the newest, the largest single debt of 13 billion announced as the ultimate success of the Croatian Government. Survival is certainly the success of the government in relation to the sinking, but the new debt burden is undoubtedly a failure of Croatian citizens, a step even further so-called sovereign nations in debt bondage, having borrowed the most money at the established procedure, as always, end up in the same place, for the payment of old debts. If money is the root of all evil, then that is the root of money? This raises the question, and none of those responsible for it for that purpose does not arise, the reason is not that hard to figure out why each state has its own central bank and why in every state any kind of currency that do not issue state, is illegal? Emission profit, or seigniorage seigniorage is the largest and deepest of all the great powers that have ever existed in the history of human civilization, whoever it through a monopolistic regime issued money and legal binding force on their adoption, decisions about life and death, unconscious of nations and peoples which is the currency used by ...
 more in guiding through globalization. Finally, we met and soon the Republic of Croatia would be modeled on the Italian anti-mafia laws and American laws that impact on organized crime, where the most sensitive, in your pocket, you should get a law that will be a powerful instrument in the fight against crime, corruption, and an instrument to achieve justice for all those who have been harmed criminal activities of individuals or groups. New law to combat korpucije will reportedly enable the effective confiscation of illegally acquired property. So what are these American and Italian law in which Croatia has found his role model? In many places, described as a hotbed of organized crime, one of the biggest bank Goldman Sachs is one of literally blown to smithereens all allegations of fraud, by purchasing the innocence of Justice for $ 550 million. Would you like to steal from the bank $ 1 million, the only consequence thereafter pay a fine of $ 5,000? Justice is equal for all, is not it? Indeed we live in strange times.
 In October 2009, President Barack Hussein Obama won the Nobel Peace Prize because of the extraordinary investment of efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation among nations, and only two months later said it was killing Afghans and greater dissipation of large amounts of dollars that country on the verge of bankruptcy , his first priority. Valter Drandić the County of Istria, a former mayor of Pula, in the same town or completed higher school of economics, recently proudly received the medal from the Star of Italian Solidarity &quot;Commendatori&quot; from the president of the Italian Republic, Giorgio Napolitano, a man who is in the spirit of democracy a few years ago all those who oppose the idea of the European Union declared fascists. As (un) known, the European Central Bank is a private institution. Italian Central Bank is also private institutions, which was in stark contrast to the statute.
 12/12/2006 statute has changed the Italian central bank manipulated the article 3, it is deleted from the section that requires that the central bank should be in national ownership. On the new statute of the three signatures, one of them is that Romano Prodi - the first honorary citizen of Istria, is one of the Giorgio Napolitano, thereby legitimated monetary occupation of a sovereign country and its people enslaved. Really everything is happening so far in an attempt to hide the private ownership of the Italian central monetary institution, here&#39;s the latest, just a few days old: Nicola Cosentino from the Ministry of Economy and Finance, has resigned the position at the moment in which Italy devastating scandal popularly known as &quot; New Masonic Lodge P3. Last job he has done before Cosentino&#39;s resignation, he was writing a response to a sensitive issue, which is 2008 years Mecacci representative set of emission obtained for the central bank.
 A new law in the Republic of Croatia to fight korpucije coming right now, when everything was clear that working people all over the world, and most of the population have a common enemy in neproduktivnoj financial oligarchy that they like parasites imposed by economic theory sucking the blood of betting on the rights of ownership. But workers and other victims of unfair debt burden of debt they realized the seriousness of this situation, rebellion and liberation from the chains of debt and the depression is about to ... A critical review of the new Croatian law to combat korpucije: Imagine that Peter respectable robber, good, than those who do not shoot at people, criminals gentleman and a true gentleman, bandit hero like the ones we used to be able to view the films at the cinema. As a cheater, Peter will do their best work to the best of the workplace, for example making it easier for a bank a few thousand bucks to fill their pockets.
 Suppose that Peter struck doom, arrested by the police and brought before the court. At this point, inspired by Italian law for example, Peter risked a prison sentence of between 3 and 10 years, plus the aggravating circumstances that the Court can engraft. To Peter, however, as a man prone to crime, only a little more intelligent than a romantic thief and a little carried away, rather than to rob a bank, founded a joining up with some ingenious fraud that has grown with the world&#39;s top business faculties, would be a different matter closed? Probably yes. To provide benefit to join the high and honorable society, Peter could bribe some influential politicians, and why not put several of his employees in most state economic organs. In the meantime, in order to facilitate the progress of their bank and money duplicating the money, Peter could invent different kinds of synthetic products, for example, subprime or high-risk collateral debt bonds, well packaged so customers would not have discovered the fraud.
 Suppose that he had been conducting business in this way managed to earn enough dollars, euros and martens, and destroy public institutions and private organizations to such an extent that someone is seriously angry because for him the whole social system snapped at the seams not withstanding this casino maneuvers . What did Peter do? Has threatened to close shop, lay off employees and screw up the entire financial world. Politicians, many of which were on the payroll of Peter in the golden age, then devised a remediation plan and the company borrowed Peter&#39;s a lot of money to repair the faults that he caused himself. Peter said something borrowed from the fine and back, purely to show his remorse in the game where not to do anything other than give the left hand what he had just received from the right. No amount of money borrowed by the State Peter is really huge and it has awakened in him a bad tendency. Instinct is irrepressible, Peter used the part of the borrowed money to reward the best managers of the attackers, hard men who are able to cause great chaos, and that certainly deserve homage to zelenenoj cash.
 There&#39;s nothing illegal, bankers should help, otherwise the people out on the street and all the sophisticated society shortened by a head. For Peter and his servants, of course, none of imprisonment or persecution, it is understood. It is justice to measure those commanders. Me think of dropping word that is uttered by Bertolt Brecht: &quot;What is the robbing of a bank compared to founding one?&quot; Conclusion: The Banker&#39;s Monthly for 2008 awarded Croatian National Bank Governor Zeljko Rohatinski two awards, what the best governor in Europe and what the world&#39;s best central bankers in 2008. Work performed by Željko Rohatinski, in essence, is nothing but a usurious sale of government debt created out of nothing through the &quot;state&quot; bank, which works! What is the difference in cases in which a central bank is a private, state or mixed ownership, if in any case of currency-issuing debt, or compels the state to repay the money after the maturity of government debt bonds and, above all, to pay interest on the currency? The answer is, there is no difference! All cases are just different variants of the same things: money as debt, which themselves are issued by counterfeiters - usurers.
 It is interesting to note, why in the case where all state, there is no registry in addition to &quot;public debt&quot; and the national register &quot;Public Wealth - Emission Profit&quot;, as the creditor and the debtor at least match the amount of money created by central banks in the allegedly public domain? But even if there is a book for the wealth of publicly-emission tax, in addition to those on the public debt, which would make sense to borrow from himself, and subsequently charged back stage to himself, as the creditor himself? It would not have had any sense, would naturally be to the state without entering any long without entering any emission obtained for the financing of services to citizens whose representative, himself as the owner thereof simply printing as much money as she needs. Otherwise, the state will always remain what it always was, a mere legal fiction that the people should serve, rather than the people it serves.
 Monetary sovereignty has always been, and until now remained in the hands of the central, and other private banks. At first glance it seems paradoxical that the state, the money-issuing debt through its banking business to lend themselves to other individuals, do not result in the end while the overall money issued to a creditor as the debt and to herself and to other individuals, and starts to use for free all the money, and he returned the loan, and the one received from interest, to finance public expenditure without any cost (this means the abolition of taxes). In the world of reality, there is nothing paradoxical, if the institution that issues the currency in private or public ownership is not of so great importance as an essential way in which the currency is issued and the same way that the issuing institution is managed. - 1971 years, all residents of the United States is the person given the information to them, the Federal Reserve and other commercial banks lend with interest the so-called dollar, plain paper without any material basis, - the rest of the world was given the information that they themselves, and Americans in their own home brutally deceived, and that the convertibility of a completely different thing from the cover, - the whole world is still hiding the fact that the value of the banknote a big zero, the value of the banknote does not create a bank by writing on the reverse of its digits 10, 100 or 1000 but the value of banknotes creates a public that accepts the same, unfortunately, to date automatically as debt, which was found a cash cow that every day carries a lot of golden eggs.
 Termination of agreement-fraud &quot;Bretton Woods&quot;, 15 August 1971 is open season super-scam due to the fact that the law allows banks to create money without the risk that they want and how they want, and to provide credit services for which they do not need any material cover. Given the foregoing, the claim that some of the central bank fully owned by the state sounds like an insulting joke. The community through the spirits of the state and the central bank lends to itself simply a piece of paper without any warranty, generating such debts in worthless paper itself by itself? It is no coincidence that the state still financed taxes, levies, duties, etc., and contracting new debt to the banking system. In order to create a market need for money, usurers are created and other artificial needs. Money lender knows that the first drug addicts dependent on money to buy drugs.
 So, why are the manufacturers of drugs distinguished personalities of the traditional noble usury, High Lodge banking system. Who is not addicted, mad, confused, or hypnotized, that in today&#39;s society is not normal.
 