Seeking a bulwark against communism, the Vatican during the Second World War supported what has become a genocidal regime of the Nazi Croatian satellites - is a key thesis of the article &quot;Mass graves history: the Vatican&#39;s identity crisis in the Second World War&quot;, which is a few days in the prestigious &quot;Jerusalem Post &quot;reported an American expert on the Balkans and a member of the American Council for Kosovo Julia Gorin. The article apparently American author analyzes the dispute between the Vatican and Jewish communities around the canonization of Pope Pius XII., So. wartime pope, but the author of the article deals with most of the Ustasha, the Independent Croatian State and the role of Cardinal Aloysius Stepinac. Gorin writes that the question of whether Pius XII. clearly speak out against the slaughter of the Jews is a fake, and that the right question is whether the Vatican supported the world order, or at least some of its aspects by the Third Reich promised to bring, or whether the Vatican supported the world order in which the dead Jews of collateral damage, for which , as confident Gorin says, &quot;Pius XII.
 really appealed. &quot; The answer is, according to an American expert, can be found in part of Europe, which is generally neglected despite the fact that the core of the world wars - in the Balkans. &quot; And so we come to the Croatian and American authors to the thesis that &quot;the Catholic Church wanted the bumper of a ruthless communism that is expanding and destroying the church, but it&#39;s doing, supported by the Croatian Ustasha movement which has grown into a genocidal regime of the Nazi Croatian satellites. After Ante Pavelic described as &quot;the founder of the fascist Ustasha, who were engaged in terrorism throughout Europe in order to &#39;release&#39; of Croatia from Yugoslavia,&quot; Gorin said that the Archbishop of Zagreb Stepinac, when Pavelic was in April 1941. became Headman, feast and bless the leader of the Ustasha regime, calling them &quot;God&#39;s hand at work,&quot; and already arranged for next month received Pavelic and Pius XII. Gorin notes that this happened only &quot;four days after the massacre in the town of Glina, where the Ustashi lock hundreds of Serbian Orthodox Christians in their church and burned it, it became common procedure in Pavelic Independent State of Croatia (NDH).
 After discussing that in July 1941. Pavelic&#39;s Minister of Education Mile Budak publicly expose the cleaning process, which the Serbs had already begun to implement - to kill a third, expel a third, convert a third - the U.S., the author mentions the Ustasha massacre of August in the second Orthodox Church in Glina, when he slaughtered more than a thousand Serbs, and of Ustasha managed to save the stone, pretending to be dead, just a peasant Ljuban equal (which is the &quot;Storm&quot; escaped from Krajina in exile and died in 1997.). Then the author, referring to the number of foreign sources, lists and describes some of the gruesome crimes of the Ustasha, and then concludes: &quot;It&#39;s been sixty years, and the world still does not know the story of wartime Croatia, where the Vatican not only did not speak out against crime not only that he was complicit in the genocide of millions of people, but even after that he never expressed remorse for the blood spilled Orthodox, as it did for Jewish blood.
 Because the world had never requested. &quot;Gorin on this site asks whether the Vatican as an institution implicitly shouted decimating his orthodox rival, remembering how Archbishop Stepinac in May 1944th The report on Pius dozens, even hundreds of thousands of forced conversions to Orthodoxy and Catholicism (Gorin stated figure of 244 000 such cases). In this context, the American author lists a quote from BBC&#39;s emissions of 16 veljače 1942nd, dedicated to the situation in the former NDH: &quot;The Orthodox forcibly convert to Catholicism, and we do not hear that because Archbishop protests. Instead, we hear that participates in the Nazi and Fascist parades. &quot;Gorin explains that the reasons for such a long silence on multiple Jasenovac: Jasenovac Titus has bothered to highlight the achievement of&quot; brotherhood and unity &quot;, the West generally agree with that silence, especially after Tito 1948th broke with Stalin, while the Vatican wants to protect Roman Catholic Croats, who were &quot;Nazi agents in the Balkans.&quot;
 &quot;The moment when Stepinac was denied a well-known connection between the Ustasha, Piove Vatican served as a channel through which they smuggle the Ustasha war,&quot; says Gorin continues, referring to U.S. documents that became available to the public, according to which immediately after Pavelic the war hiding in a Croatian Catholic convent in Rome. The American author of such amounts to the 12th rujna 1947th Office of U.S. counterintelligence forces, reported that &quot;Pavelic&#39;s contacts are so high, and his current position by compromising the Vatican, to his extradition, dealt a staggering blow to the Roman Catholic Church.&quot; As is known, Pavelic was in Rome, fled to Argentina, where he became security adviser, Juan Peron, who, according to Gorin, &quot;issued thousands of visas to escape the Ustasha&quot;. Gorin in the article also mentions last year&#39;s visit to Zagreb Archbishop Josip Bozanic Jasenovac: &quot;The current identity crisis of the Vatican during the Second World War was evident last September, when, at the initiative of Croatian leaders in Zagreb Archbishop Josip Bozanic went in the sixties belated visit to Jasenovac Memorial Centre, as the first official representative of the Croatian Church, who attended the annual ceremony to commemorate the victims of Jasenovac. &quot;As further stated Gorin,&quot; instead of apologies, Bozanić defended Stepinac and the Church and used the long-awaited moment to also žalovao the massacre committed by the partisans of Nazis on the run in Bleiburg - where the annual commemorative ceremony sponsored by the Croatian Government of the Catholic dignitaries attending regularly.
 American author then points out that &quot;the Vatican has not condemned Rev, such as not complained of any tolerance towards the Croatian Church pronacističkim ubiquitous symbols in this state, who in the early 1990s re-emerged as Croatia &#39;culture&#39;&quot;. Gorin said, and as commander of the Jasenovac concentration camp, a war criminal Dinko Sakic, last July in Croatia was buried in full Nazi uniform, and that the service led by Father Vjekoslav Lasic - &quot;one of many who served the Mass in honor of Ante Pavelic&quot;, according to U.S. author . &quot;Independent State of Croatia is the foundation of today&#39;s Croatian homeland,&quot; Gorin transferred Lasićevu statement, &quot;and every honorable Croat is proud of the name of Dinko Sakic. Gorin then notira that no prominent Croatian officer did not protest because of the morbid parade. The final article says an American expert to &quot;canonization of the then Pope ambivalent Church announced the world of which was done&quot; and concludes: &quot;But the church is better than the sum of its gadnijih side.
 The canonization of Pius XII. would be unfair to Catholics who have done more of it as an insult to Catholics everywhere. Pius should not demonize, but it should not even be paid. &quot;PRIREDIO DAMIR PILIĆ
 