29/04/2010 European debt crisis deepened on Wednesday when Spain became the third country eurozone, whose credit rating was reduced. Across the EU, anxiety was evident. (AFP, AP, Reuters, Bloomberg, BBC, EUobserver, New York Times - 29/04/10, Reuters, AP, Bloomberg, CBSNEWS, BBC, RFE / RL, EurActiv - 28/04/10) credit rating downgrade prompted Spain fears that the debt crisis of the euro area expands. [File] While European experts and experts from the IMF and the rush to reach an agreement with Athens - and the highest EU officials continue to express their commitment to help Greece to avoid default on financial obligations - is spreading fear that the crisis of debt to expand. Credit Rating Agency Standard &amp; Poors&#39; (S &amp; P) fell on Wednesday (April 28) long-term sovereign status of Spain to &quot;AA +&quot; to &quot;AA&quot;, while announcing that it is possible to further lower the rating the fourth largest economy in Europe.
 Notice occurred the day after the agency downgrades Portugal and Ratings downgraded the long-term and short-term debt of Greece to &quot;worthless&quot; status. &quot;Infection is already happening,&quot; said Wednesday the head of the OECD Angel Gurria, a news agency Bloomberg quoted. &quot;It&#39;s like Ebola [virus]. When you realize that you have, you have to amputate the leg to survive.&quot; President of the European Council of Herman Van Rompuy has called for an emergency summit of eurozone leaders - whose maintenance is scheduled for 10th May - to discuss the debt crisis. Reduce rating three eurozone, which has 16 countries, in less than two days has increased investors&#39; concerns about the European crisis of debt, while the EU policy makers face increasing pressure to authorize a giant financial rescue package for Greece. Based on the agreement reached in Brussels last month, Greece would be able to get bilateral loans from other eurozone countries and financial assistance from the IMF as a last resort, in case you can not get loans in the financial markets.
 Greece needs to raise 8 billion euros for the repayment of bonds for payment coming 19th May. However, Prime Minister George Papandreou complained on Wednesday that interest rates are solicited from the country &quot;beyond logic&quot;. He urged the EU to &quot;prevent the fire&quot; operations in European and world economy. Since the euro area financial institutions - particularly those in Germany and France - held, as they say, almost 70 percent of the debt of Greek, European officials want to prevent the failure of monetary liabilities of Greece. Such fears and shaken confidence in the euro area collapsed the euro, which on Wednesday fell to its lowest level this year, at 1.3131 dollars. &quot;There is no doubt about the determination of the eurozone, the European Central Bank (ECB), the IMF and the European Union to ensure the stability of Greece and therefore the stability of our currency,&quot; he said on Thursday the French Budget Minister Francois Baroin. After talks with the main director of the IMF Dominique Strauss-Kahn and President of the ECB Jean-Claude Trichet in Berlin, German Chancellor Angela Merkel called for the acceleration of ongoing efforts for the salvation of Athens.
 &quot;Negotiations [in Athens] between the Greek government, the European Commission and the IMF should be accelerated,&quot; she said. &quot;We hope that this can be completed the next day and on that basis, Germany will make their decisions&quot; on the extent of its contribution to the aid package. German public strongly opposes any rescue Greece. Ahead of the crucial regional elections in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia 9th May, Merkel stressed that Greece will have to present a detailed plan for budget savings for 2011. and 2012, the year in order to qualify for bilateral loans. Similar articles Loading According to reports Wednesday, based on agreements which are now under discussion, Greece to obtain up to 120 billion euros in aid from the Eurozone and the IMF over the next three years. Of this amount, up to 45 billion euros will be provided Athens this year. Germany, Europe&#39;s biggest economy, has contributed to about a fifth of the amount of assistance, according to AP.
 EU Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn on Thursday expressed confidence that talks would be completed in the next few days &quot;and promised that the details of aid package will be available soon. The aid package that is under discussion, &quot;Greece will give a sufficient break from the pressure of financial markets,&quot; he told reporters in Brussels. &quot;I want to emphasize that this is done not only for Greece but for all euro area member states and their citizens to zašititila financial stability in Europe and globally.&quot; This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 