Photo Reuters Related News All nine analysts of brokerage firms that participated in the survey are expected today Hininoj Crobexa stagnation. Crobex yesterday rose 0.32 percent to 2213 points, its highest level since 23 October last year, when it reached 2232 points. CROBEX10 rose 0.15 percent to 1196 points. Regular turnover amounted to HRK 38.3 million yesterday and was approximately four million more than the day before. The most traded stock was the HT, with a turnover of nearly 13 million, and falling prices by 1.65 percent, to 288.8 kuna. &quot;HT is found yesterday in the correction of the General Assembly and the statements of President Ivica Mudrinic, uncertainties about the future purchase of shares of Treasury. Mudrinić also announced a slightly weaker start to the year, and sees the main culprits in the regulations because they had to stop further investment in the optical network and they also get a new financial levies for the registration of pre-paid users.
 We believe that the legislation in the coming quarters, made a negative pressure on the HT-margin &quot;, according to analysts at Hypo Alpe Adria Bank in a note to clients. The next day, and continue to expect increased turnover of HT, and consequently the index could move steadily and to the wings of increased liquidity. &quot;If they continue the trend of increased liquidity in the blue chip stocks, which began after the end of the story about the dividends of HT, it would be the time to recovery of the domestic market. Today, however, expect a slightly lower trading volume and the stagnation of the index, because the world&#39;s stock does not reach the positive signals, and in our macroeconomic environment has not changed, &quot;says board member of the Investment Company KD Asset Management Zvonimir Marić. On Wall Street yesterday, leading indexes remained virtually unchanged since the enthusiasm of investors, prompted by good business results, Apple and Morgan Stanley, subsided after the reduction in estimates of further business of several companies in the health sector.
 On the Asian bourses this morning, stock prices fell dramatically, and negatively on the market again, and acts Greek debt crisis, which has been under pressure and European currencies. In other news from the world markets stands to increase yesterday BDI bulk cargo freight indices above 3000 points. Rose 11 points to 3009 points. Maric assessed as positive the Government&#39;s announcement of economic measures for overcoming the crisis, but noted that their implementation will only give a positive impetus to the capital market. &quot;The implementation of the announced measures, where I evaluate the key settlement of debts of the state by the business sector, it could affect not only improve the liquidity of companies, but also in business confidence. If you go to really solve domestic economic problems, then the market will react positively,&quot; says Maric. He adds that the short-term guidelines for the market to provide quarterly financial statements of domestic companies, which should arrive by next week.
 Technical market analysis shows, however, that the trend could continue Crobexa to 2300 points, if not today or tomorrow dives below the level of 2187 points. &quot;Target, derived from the bull flag formation is reached. Yesterday the stock closed with CROBEX above the level of 2200 points, namely at 2213 points. The first resistance was touched yesterday. The highest level was reached 2225.42 points, which is above the highest level since late January and early February. Only a close above that level would give us a receipt for the continuation of positive trading. Today, however, we saw a small weakness in the market because of pressure to sell before the end of trading. But, if today, but in Friday , we see confirmation of the lower closure, primarily below 2187 points, some continued to grow Crobexa to 2300 points. Normally it would be seen less dobitonosnu sale, given that the more liquid stocks in the past week, two rose an average of five and some up to ten percent, &quot;says Head of securities trading at a brokerage firm Finesa Capital Srecko Fodrek.
 