At the end of March this year was 19.2 percent for more unemployed than in the same month last year. At the same time captures a larger number of employment in seasonal jobs, and it is interesting that in Germany 3763 Croatian citizens employed in seasonal jobs in agriculture and catering, for up to six months, and recreational and entertainment activities for a period of nine months. Absolutely the largest number of unemployed registered in Split-Dalmatia County, the City of Zagreb and Osijek-Baranja county, and the lowest in those areas. Women make up 54.9 percent unemployment, and monetary compensation to the labor market is used only 28.2 percent of people without jobs. Reduce public spending Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Growing asparagus in Germany, and black figures followed by the black tones of Governors of the National Bank Rohatinski the Croatian economic picture. Because there was no will and motivation to embark on serious reforms, he said Rohatinski, &quot;2010th
 will be a year of stagnation, as in the period of survival, not in the opening period, prospects for a quick exit from the crisis. The example of Greece shows us all that no one will help, if you&#39;re not helping yourself. &quot;Compared to other countries, where the main generator of the crisis was the banking sector in Croatia is that the role had irrational government financing, said the Governor and urged the Government to address the public sector. Croatian external debt has grown to almost one hundred percent of gross domestic product but has warned Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor, all argue for changes and cuts, but no one agrees that they went from him. The Prime Minister has pledged continued control assets and liabilities of state enterprises in order to prevent an increase liquidity in the economy. She said she and claim negotiations with the unions of government jobs and public services. Bildunterschrift: Road construction is important but not sufficient key to the manufacturing, construction and not all the Government has gone some poor indicators - Last year, imports fell by 25 percent and exports by 19 percent, cut in half the direct foreign investment, external debt increased from 83 to nearly 100 percent of GDP.
 True, reduced external current account deficit from 9.2 to 5.2 percent of GDP, but it is still not enough. For, as pointed Rohatinski, the system can not continue to operate the former way, without the necessary structural changes. Special measures to encourage housing construction and public investment in road construction are not in the direction of solving the basic problem, he said Rohatinski, noting that the biggest problem of domestic economic decline in the manufacturing industry, rather than in construction, trade and agriculture, as is often said. Author: Gordana Simonovic, Zagreb Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 