New Zealand game against Slovakia, Italy and Paraguay, 15, 20 and 24 June, so let&#39;s see what will be Smeltz show. It is a center forward who is 185 centimeters tall, has an interesting karakeristike and put his career, was born on 29 September 1981. in Göppingen (Germany), and their football has been traced through Australia (Brisbane), hopped over to England (Mansfield, Wimbledon), but then played for Wellington in New Zealand and Australia again in the Gold Coast United. For the team, &quot;kiwi&quot; has an intriguing effect, 30 appearances, 16 goals. Available &quot;filmiæi&quot; on the internet, but primarily on the fact that it is a list of selected players who will compete at the World Championships. Hajduk, generally, continues to search for the attackers, so we are really in a position to offer every bit the manager Ersko tr ¾ ¾ seek to present these columns and turns almost into a small advertisement. We have already recalled that all the time more like the last season when the names of all the forces walked newspapers (remember you will be certain, for example, Bruce DJIti, ileo Naumoski, Mao Jiaqing ...), eventually have appeared among the &quot;white&quot; Nigerian Eliakwu , Uruguayan ports that are not passed, and remained Rafael Paraiba who was with the wrong characteristics (not a shortstop, but polušpic) danced only one fall, to make it back to Brazil.
 And then the train arrived at the Marina and the Brazilian Anderson, but it did not take Hajduk. He won the Cup and second place and without it, goals Ibrièiæa, Vukušiæa, Èopa ... Hajduk, repeat it several times, in almost vjeènoj looking for the attacker (since he went Nikola Kalinic), but also the fear that you do not make costly mistakes in the steps. Coach Stan Poklepoviæ emphasized that the attitude of &quot;we need only one better than those that have ...&quot; Last weekend the head of the profession Ivica Šurjak watched the New Zealand against Slovenia in Maribor, but not you wanted to spread the story. Look at me you Smeltz in South East Africa, Hajduk was the opportunity that it engages you IRA. slobodnadalmacija.hr
 