Author: Nadja Irene Fišić Posted: 12.09.2010 Unauthorized Biography &#39;Carl, Secret Life&#39; author Besma Lahouri, tomorrow will be able to find in French bookstores PARIS - The image of Carla Bruni-Sarkozy (43) as a steady, modest and decent French first lady only a facade behind which hides a life of ambitious women volcanic character whose behavior deeply upsets her husband, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, according to a new book. RELATED NEWS News Trying Not at hitchhiking laskajući portrait of former Italian supermodel and singer-songwriter will appear on Monday in all the bookstores in the unauthorized biography &quot;Carla, Secret Life,&quot; the Elysee Palace in spite of attempts to stop it. The former investigative journalist with the weekly L&#39;Express, who wrote a book, Besma Lahouri, says wife of French president ignores his charity work, lives a life like that is not married and calls his ex-lovers to socialize with her and Sarkozy in a family villa Bruni-Tedeschi Cap on the French Riviera, Negrea.
 At Sarkozy&#39;s first vacation in a villa last year, were among the guests, and three former lover, Carla. One of them was Arno Klarsfeld, a lawyer of Fame, which was crushed when she left him, and he once said, &quot;The true tiger.&quot; This proved to be temperamental, and when her husband at the dinner in New York was fascinated by the actress Catherine Zeta-Jones, which she did not like at all. Reveal and some new details about well-known Carlinoj conjunction with Mick Jagger in early 1990-ies. According to the author, the young model has his sights on a married leader of the Rolling Stones and is still as it failed to entice. Lahouri, who wrote the bestselling biography of footballer Zinedine Zidane, and describes how the family of Obama and Sarkozy did not like, and how intensely smiling before the lens of the media only an illusion. After two years working on a book in which she talked with friends, family and the family nanny, Mrs. Bruni-Sarkozy and her colleagues in the fashion, music and political milieu, journalist Lahouri revealed that Carla is actually &quot;a female Don Juan&quot; unhappy childhood, which is constantly on the hunt for men.
 Two years of research - the Italian heiress, who married the French President, recently divorced after a lightning romance 2008th, attractive and strong, free-and calculating, reserved, but very well known to use his power, loyal in friendship and capricious in love - said in the book. His youthful appearance Carla allegedly owed to various cosmetic surgery procedures, which consistently denies. It is already 20 years a close friend of Paris plastic surgeon, whose name is not stated, and regularly meets with him in Paris. On those secret meetings on a regular basis she injected Botox and repairs minor deficiencies. Number of recommendations: 9 Post to Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 