The November election success of Republican majority was reduced by the Democrats in the Senate, and had since January, when the Senate begins to sit on the new structure, the prospects for ratification will be smaller. While Congress sits in the current session, ie until the end of this year, and prečeg no higher national security priorities of the ratification of the START agreement, said U.S. President Barack Obama. The START I treaty was signed, ratification pending prospect of a new US-Russian agreement on arms control nuklernog be ratified by the Senate by the end of the year, as analysts say, although quite weak president Barack Obama made a strong pressure to be done in the current session in which his Democratic Party has a substantial majority. And leaders of European countries, NATO members were at the recent summit in Lisbon, Portuguese expressed their strong support for the ratification of the START agreement. However, the White House is facing resistance from the opposition Republican Party, strengthened considerably after the congressional elections odžanih early November.
 Mr. Obama, argues that .....: ... National security imperative ratificirarti START agreement by year&#39;s end. In the days while Congress sits in the current session, and prečeg no higher national security priorities. Interest in terms of national security is clear and high. &quot;More of the former secretary of state and defense ministers also considered the new US-Russian agreement to reduce nuclear weapons to be ratified. Hillary Clinton, the current secretary of state, also strongly emphasizes: &quot;All those who think that we should postpone the ratification of, or avoid, I think you greatly underestimate the security threat that is directing our country.&quot; Presidents of the United States and Russia, Barack Obama, Dmitry Medvedev, in April signed a new agreement that both countries commit themselves to further reduce nuklernog arsenal of long-range missiles by 30 percent. The November election success of Republican majority was reduced by the Democrats in the Senate, and had since January, when the Senate begins to sit on the new structure, the prospects for ratification will be smaller.
 Međju those who believe that the plea agreement should be delayed until Janur the senator-elect Roy Blunt. In addition, he states: &quot;This issue is of critical importance to America. And if so, the agreement is already expected to be ratified. &quot;The European Union and Russia is also pushing the United States to ratify the new agreement which will be replaced by the current, made 1991st year and which emphasizes the importance of next month. NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said: &quot;Disposing of ratification of START Štetić overall security situation in Europe. I therefore strongly ask both parties to ratify the agreement as soon as possible. &quot;James Carafano, an analyst at the Heritage Foundation finds that European support for the senator does not mean much:&quot; First of all, the agreement was signed several months ago. If Europeans really think it necessary, they should have something to say earlier.
 To evaluate how the senators vote on the agreement, what is said in Lisbon is of some importance. &quot;Mr. Carafano believes that the new agreement Russia opens a large space for the modernization of its weaponry, which is an advantage on which Washington insisted was not for himself:&quot; Mr. Obama never said he would modernize the U.S. Nuclear arsenal. The fact is that he clearly said that it will not do. What he said he would set aside money for a nuclear infrastructure that supports the Nuclear arsenal. And this is modernization. &quot;Mr. Carafano is not considered valid even notice the NATO summit in Lisbon that Russia is preparing to participate in the anti-missile defense system of NATO. In fact, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev is sudržao from giving full support to install the European-American anti-missile shield, whose main goal is evetualnog protect Europe from missile attack from Iran.
 Moscow, as he said, need more details on this system.
 