(Kyrgyz Respublikasy) Kyrgyzskaâ Respublika (Kyrgyzskaja Respublika) of arms Anthem National Anthem of the Kyrgyz capital Bishkek Kyrgyz official language and the Russian Government - President Kurmanbek Bakiyev - Prime Minister Daniar Usenov independence from the Soviet Union 31st August 1991. 86th Area - Total 198.5 thousand km ² -% Water 3.6% Population 111th - Total (2005) 5,146,281 - Density 26/km ² Currency catfish (100 tijina) Calling code +996 Time Zone UTC +5 anthem. kg Kyrgyzstan, officially Kyrgyz Republic is a continental country in Central Asia. Bordered on the north by Kazakhstan, on the south and east by China, Tajikistan to the south and the west by Uzbekistan. About 70% of the population is Kyrgyz, whose language is very similar to Kazakh, belongs turkijskoj group and who are traditionally Muslim - Sunni. The Kyrgyz and Uzbek mercury (about 14.5%) and Russians (9%).
 The disintegration of the Soviet Union is hard to hit the Kyrgyz economy. The main sectors are agriculture and mining. Exports to the electricity produced in hydroelectric power plants. In 1999. GDP per capita was $ 2,300 as measured by PPPs. Contents [edit] History Kyrgyz were nomadic people who lived in the area of the steppes of Central Asia from the Yenisei River across Altaja to Lake Baikal. 840. The Uighurs have won state and formed their own state in space and Altaja Tjan Shan. Eventually, they moved southward into the area of Central Asia where they live today. In this area lived various Turkic tribes. 1207. The Mongols were defeated (the heirs of Genghis Khan). People are over the centuries were heavily influenced by the Mongols, Chinese and Muslims, and were mixed with different nations. In the 17th century, the Kyrgyz fought against the Mongol Džungura, in the 18th century have acknowledged the power of the Chinese empire during the Qing Dynasty.
 In the 19th century, the territory of Kyrgyzstan created Islamic Kokand Khanate in which the Kyrgyz embraced Islam. 1876th the Russians invaded Kokand Khanate and then the Kyrgyz became part of the Russian Empire. Many people are moved out of Afghanistan today. 1918th Communists came to power after heavy fighting between the Communists and their opponents who have had significant influence in Central Asia. Kyrgyzstan became part of the Soviet Union. 1924th was founded in Kara-Kyrgyz autonomous region, and 1926th Kyrgyz Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic within the Russian Soviet Socialist Republic. 1936th was declared the Kyrgyz Soviet Socialist Republic, which was a separate republic within the Soviet Union and was part of Russia. Under Soviet rule there was a dramatic change in the Kyrgyz society. It is forbidden to nomadism and founded new towns and villages which are inhabited by Kyrgyz. Establishes the industry and modernized agriculture and animal husbandry.
 Developing the culture and literature and to standardize the Kyrgyz language in 1928. adopted the Latin alphabet (formerly been written in Arabic script), and 1941st Cyrillic. 1990th leads to tensions between Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan in the Soviet Union and around the town of Osh, where the majority of Uzbeks. There was a battle that killed 300 people. 1990th weakens the power of the Communists, and strengthens the Kyrgyz Democratic Movement, whose members included in the Parliament. In August 1990. was elected the new president Askar Akayev. 1991st is the capital city was renamed Frunze in Bishkek. After the collapse of the USSR and on 31 8th 1991st Kyrgyzstan declared its independence. Akayev won the first democratic elections. In the state of the weak economy and stronger poverty. This leads to dissatisfaction with the president who was accused of electoral fraud and ousted fourth April 2005. the so-called. Tulip revolution. Came to power the opposition leader Kurmanbek Bakiyev. Tian Shan mountains [edit] Geography of Kyrgyzstan is a country in Central Asia, landlocked.
 It borders with Kazakhstan, China, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. The relief is hilly (most of it is within the Tian Shan mountain range). It is in the far east of the country, is the highest peak, Jengish Chokusu (Top Victory, 7439 m). Over 80% of the area is above 1500 m altitude. Kyrgyzstan comprises edges Ferganske valley (valley in Uzbekistan, and the edges are in Kyrgyzstan, which is why the unusual shape of the border of Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan). In Kyrgyzstan, the edges of the Pamir and Altay Mountains. The largest rivers are Chui, Naryn and Talas. Rivers flowing into the Naryn River Sirdarju which is in the Aral Sea basin. To the north is a large salt lake Issyk-Kul (the second largest mountain lake in the world after Lake Titicaca). The climate is continental with little rainfall, so there is a heath. There is little precipitation because of the great distance of Central Asia from the sea, and winds can not bring precipitation. The higher the mountain area with a colder climate and more rainfall.
 Step in Kyrgyzstan - pass Kerege-Tas. [Edit] Division of Kyrgyzstan consists of 7 areas (oblastlar, singular - oblast) and one city * (Shaar), Batken Oblast, Bishkek Shaar * Hear Oblast (Bishkek), Žalalabat Oblast, Naryn Oblast, Oblast Osh, Talas Oblast, Oblast Ysykköl (Karakol). Government building [edit] Population Kyrgyzstan has 5.2 million inhabitants. Most of the younger age groups and the natural growth rate is high. 2 / 3 of the population lives in rural areas. Most of the Kyrgyz population, and has about 14%, 9% Uzbeks and Russians. Yet there are Tatars, Uighurs, Tadžić and Kazakh. The main religion is Islam (75% of the population). There are still about 20% Orthodox. Most residents live on the edge Ferganske valleys along the border with Uzbekistan. [Edit] Economy The economy of Kyrgyzstan is largely reduced after the collapse of the Soviet Union collapsed when most industries. Today, the bulk of the economy makes agriculture (cereals, cotton, sugar beets, fruits and vegetables) and livestock (cattle, sheep and horses).
 There is a strong tradition of nomadic cattle breeding, the majority of livestock and pasture today. Kyrgyzstan is rich in minerals (coal, gold, silver). It is believed that there are some of the world&#39;s largest deposits of gold and silver, which is poorly exploited due to the difficult access. The most important metal-working industry. Developed the textile and food industries. v • d • Countries in Asia Independent States Afghanistan • Armenia • Azerbaijan • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Bhutan • Brunei • Cyprus • Egypt • Philippines • Gruzija1) • India • Indonezija2) • Iraq • Iran • East Timor2) • Israel • Japan • Yemen • Jordan • South Korea • Cambodia • Qatar • Kazahstan1) • China • Kyrgyzstan • Kuwait • Laos • Lebanon • Malaysia • Maldives • Mongolia • Myanmar • Nepal • Oman • Pakistan • Rusija1) • Saudi Arabia • Singapore • Syria • North Korea • Sri Lanka • Tajikistan • Thailand • Turkmenistan • Turska1) • United Arab Emirates • Uzbekistan • Vietnam Other territory of Hong Kong (PRC PUR) • Macao (PRC PUR) • Unrecognised States Abkhazia Nagorno-Karabakh • South Ossetia • Gaza Strip and the West Coast • Taiwan • Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus 1) Mostly in Europe.
  