The capital of India is Delhi, which has about 13 million population of immigrants from all over India, an area of 1485 km ². This is one of the world&#39;s oldest civilizations, at least 5000 years old, was built on the territory of modern India. Aryan tribes from the northwest about 1,500 BC. Kr. inflammation of the areas inhabited by Dravidian people and mixing of these two civilizations created the classical Indian culture. Arab incursions started in the 8th century, and in the 12th century, its influence spread to Turkey, starting from 15 century, European traders strengthen trade with India. In the 19th century British empire took control of almost all Indian countries. Nonviolent resistance to British colonialism, which led by Mahatma Gandhi and Jawaharlal Nehru brought independence 1947th year. The Indian subcontinent is then divided into the secular state of India and the Muslim state of Pakistan.
 A third war between the two countries has led to the emergence of a third country of Bangladesh, which emerged from East Pakistan. Peaceful and tolerant people today India is a federal state composed of 28 states and 7 federal territories. Despite impressive progress in the development, India is still faced with major problems such as conflicts with Pakistan over Kashmir, the vast overpopulation, environmental degradation of the environment can be said in all respects. Sewage is often open in certain parts of towns and cities. Garbage filled the streets, through which it passes, no one believes, in his walk, the sacred &quot;cows&quot; and started looking at usmrdjelom trash. I believe that the inhabitants of India steeped in filth, and as such resist the many germs and bacteria. They have become immune to many infections. Kaka to move me wherever they move and where they live, they would &quot;fasovali&quot; by the disease. Extreme poverty is a big part of the population.
 You can not step to go to the poor zaskoči not asking for alms, or will you pull the sleeve. Almost every child knows to beg, it seems to me to stand on its feet as soon as you already know to look for pointing fingers on the money. Especially expect Europeans, because they think ahead and have some money from them should be sought. Despite all the peaceful, not violent or so, do not argue, and tolerate each other. Probably everyone is aware of its misery. Often, and usually walk barefoot. From cow dung and make small piles of fodder per kilogram of the likelihood of drought in the sun and placed in a stack, so when the monsoon rains come and be a bit colder then they used it for firewood. Firewood they need a bit during the monsoon. Otherwise, here are the temperatures of about 30-odd degrees. They say cow urine and dung is used in medicine for making different kinds of medicines especially for the digestive tract and stomach. It is known to happen often and ethnic and religious tension. The city of diversity and the monumental size of this country is about 3.3 million km ².
 Climate is tropical monsoon in south to temperate in the north. Population is a mass about 1.08 billion, as they say statistics from 2005. year, which is to say that it is now for a million more. The average age of the population was 24.5 years. Religions: Hindu 80%, Muslims 13.4% Christians 2.3%, Sikhs 1.9%. Delhi is divided into two parts: old and new, the old part of town is located within a defensive wall and extends to the west of the famous Red fort (Red Fort), built by the Mongol emperor Shah Jahan in the first half of the 17th century. Otherwise, the history of the old more than 3,000 years. The town was attacked by many invaders: Timer Lenko in the 14th century, Babur in the 16th century, and among others in the 19 century Britain. Besides the Red Fort of these historical buildings should be mentioned Jama Masjid, the largest mosque in India, also built on the orders of Shah Jahan. Therefore, the old town, also called Shah Jahanabad.
 Here in a cluster of streets and squares of living side by side, but separately, each in their own districts, Muslims, Sikhs and Hindus. South of the old city spreads New Delhi, the pride of the British Empire Building. Prebacivši capital of India from Calcutta to Delhi, the British 1911th The proclamation of King George V began the construction of a new town which was inaugurated 1931st year. The new city stretching over an area of 26 km ² and should have been its wide avenues and large parks who underwent symbolize the greatness and power of the Empire. And today is the looming grandeur, the palace of Viceroy and spread, despite the subsequent construction of the previously free areas. Places of special interest tourists: India Gate monument to fallen Indian soldiers in World War I, Parliament House, National Museum and many impressive palaces in which today mainly located by the State Administration. South of the city center to see Qutb Minar complex, which consists of mosques, madrassas and minarets 73 m high, which is its construction in the late 12th
 and early 13th century, should symbolize the dominance of Islam over the infidels. There are about 5 floors of some, going to the top of all the shortlist. Each floor has separate figures made of stone. Round is a shape. Around it is a complex of buildings is very beautiful and attractive tourist. Built 1464th The Nemrana one of the oldest Indian palace-hotels. On the surface of 10 hectares of terraced rise palace carved into the steep hills providing a spectacular view. 1986. the ruins of palaces and forts have been restored. &quot;Pink&quot; Jaipur Jaipur is the picturesque capital of the Federated States of Usage on sh.wikipedia.org, known as the &quot;pink city&quot; because of the color facades of many buildings. Fully deserved included in the so-called. &quot;Golden Triangle&quot; the most visited destinations in India. Delhi, Agra and Jaipur. The city&#39;s 1727th founded by Maharaja Jai Singh II. who was nurtured by the tendency of science and culture. Therefore, the city planned and built for 4 years have completed the main palace, the central square and main street.
 Location of streets based on a mathematical pattern 9 squares that represent the old Hindu map of the universe with the sacred Mount Meru, home of Shiva, which occupies a central square. Jaipur is located in the heart of the royal palace, today the city palace, built between 1728 and 1732nd year. Apart from the palace, visitors are fascinated by the Hawa Mahal, Palace of the winds, the 1799th year, which is part of the eastern walls of the city&#39;s palaces and beautiful be seen from outside, from the street. This is probably the most famous buildings adorned Jaipurska lacy pink facade was built for the women of the harem which through holes in the facade they saw life on the street, and it should not be seen. Jantar Mantar in the literal translation of &quot;instruments for measuring the harmony of heaven,&quot; one of the oldest and most famous observatory in the world, built between the 1728th and 1734th year. Each instrument has a specific function and each gives a precise reading.
 Moving in a clockwise direction you will see the following instruments: a large sundial that has marked the hours and minutes, &quot;Dhruva&quot; showing the location of North Star, &quot;Narivalya&quot; has two dials: the time when the southern sun on the southern and northern hemisphere for the rest of the year, mali &quot;Kranti&quot; is used to measure longitude and latitude of celestial bodies, &quot;Raj&quot; - the king of all instruments used annually to calculate the Hindu calendar, and other parameters of this kind. Amber forts and palaces built in the early 17th century Hindu temple at the site of a 10th century, the strategically important position that dominates the narrow valley. The palace is entered through five defensive walls. Of the buildings inside the fort should be set aside Mate Shila Temple, a temple dedicated to the war-goddess Kali, a hall for public receptions, Diwan-i-Am, the hall for a private visit: marble pavilion Jai Mandir, Shish Mahals or palace of mirrors.
 To the west is Sukh Niwas, the palace of pleasure with running water, which cools the air and doors decorated with ivory and sandalwood. Pearl India - Taj Mahal During the 16th and 17 century Agra was one of mogulskih capital. The highlight of the development of the town suffered during the reign of Akbar mogul. Among other rulers should mention this, but Shah Jahan old Delhi to Agra was left some of today&#39;s most famous buildings - the famous Jama Mosque Majsid by Shah Jahan devoted eldest daughter, most of the buildings inside the Agra Fort and the famous Pearl of India: Taj Mahal. This masterpiece by noted chess dedicated to his beloved queen Mumataz Mahal has been described as a tear on the face of eternity (Tagora) and an eternal monument to love. Monument to be built 22 years starting from the 1631st and today is considered one of the 7 wonders of the world. White marble from which it was built bliješti even for gloomy time.
 Persian architect Ustad Isa building was erected on a marble platform size of 313 square feet in the middle of which rises the largest of the 22 domes and 70 meters above the rest of the building. Agra fort began mogul Akbar.g. And completed by his grandson Shah Jahan. It was built mainly of red sandstone, very similar to the Red established in Delhi. Of the buildings in the fort worth mentioning Pearl Mosque marble mosque perfect proportions, a Persian inscription on inside the building compared with the perfect pearl. There are still many palaces: Jahangiri Mahal multi-storey which was devoted to his wife Jodha Akbar Bai which is entered through impressive gates and garden - some of the halls are decorated in Persian style, a golden-blue stucco, others say rich with details carved in stone. It is believed that most of these ornaments century later transferred to other palaces in the fort as the Diwan-i-Kas, Mausam Burj, Burj Shaha ... Khajuraho temples fame and size Orch originated in the 16th
 century, when the noble chiefs Rudar Pratap Dynasty Bundela decided at that point along the river betw pick your seat. The complex is home to three beautiful fort palace located in the open square: Jehongir Mahal, Raj Mahal and Raj Praveen Mahal. With them is built on solid rock Chaturbhuj temple that was supposed to serve as a sanctuary, but the image of Rama that the temple was built still remain in neighboring palace of Raja Ram Mandir, which was converted for this purpose in the temple. Ram Raja Mandir is a stone path associated with the Laxminarayan temple. This style is a mixture of building forts and temples. Inside lies an interesting wall-paintings of the representative examples of art school Bundela. Khajuraho temples are one of the biggest attractions of India. The former capital of the dynasty Chandela, Khajuraho is now a quiet village with barely 6 000 inhabitants. The temples are a perfect example of into-Aryan architecture, but the decorations with free featuring what made Khajuraho famous.
 The sculptures in stone show the many aspects of Indian life from 1000 years ago: deities and goddesses, warriors and musicians, animals, those from the natural environment and those mythological. Temples built by the Chandel dynasty, which ruled for five centuries until the fall of the Islamic government. Almost all the temples in a century caused the greatest flowering of creativity: from 950-1050 years. All the temples can be divided into three parts: the entrance to the porch of a reputed name Ardhamandapa, or follow Hall Mahandapa supported by pillars and surrounded by a corridor. Vestibule leads further into the inner sanctuary-Garbhagrihu showing the deity which is a temple dedicated. Some of the oldest temples are built of granite, but all those who come from the classical period of the history of Khajuraho were built of sandstone. The temples are divided into western, eastern and southern of which they considered the western most impressive: Varaha temple from the 10th
 Century devoted to the third incarnation of Vishnu which is located opposite the temple of Lakshman among the oldest temples in 950 years. The temple is richly decorated with scenes of hunting and battles, and erotic themes. Kandariya Mahadeva Temple is the largest and highest, is dedicated to Shiva. It&#39;s surrounded by more than 800 statues of gods and goddesses, musicians and characters in various erotic poses. Chitragupta temple from the early 11th century, the only dedicated to the god of the sun-Surya. Within the Eastern group of temples built in the Jain museum with a circular gallery in which are placed statues Tirthankarasa 24. Piers River Ganges Varanasi city, one of the most important pilgrimage intersections in India, also one of the biggest tourist attraction. Located on the banks of the River Ganges, Varanasi is a center of civilization for more than 2,000 years. There nearby, 10 km away Saranathu, the Buddha was preaching his message of enlightenment 25 centuries ago. Known by the names of Kashi and Benares, Varanasi is named by combining the names of two rivers Varuna and Assi.
 For every devout Hindus, death in the city leads him directly to heaven. The city has indeed played a major role in the promotion of Hindi language, and the city belonged to the great writer Prem Chand and Tulsi Das poet. The main attraction of Varanasi is the western side of the river Ganges at which the ritual bath in more than 100 piers. Besides the piers should be noted Tulsi Manas built 1964th year. The Jews of the temple are decorated with verses and scenes from the Ram Charita Manas written by the already mentioned poet Tulsi Das. On the second floor of the temple can be seen electrical powered statues and scenes from Hindu mythology. Downstream there is a famous Benares Hindu University (BHU), the university built in 1918, which occupies an area of 5 km ² and has a reputation as a center for the study of Indian art, culture and music and Sanskrit studies. Half an hour by foot from the university there is a new Vishwanath Temple, which was designed by the great Indian Nationalist Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya, who wished to revive Hinduism without prejudice - because this temple is open to all people.
 On the other side of the river, opposite the temple is located in Ram Nagar Fort, home of Maharaja of Benares. John Ravlić, pastor of Novo Sarajevo
 