Author: Martin Hrupić Posted: 19.04.2010 U.S. officials deny accusations that they have ready a long term strategy for Iran NEW YORK - The Pentagon all the time thinking about the possibilities. Of course, there are military options that even go so far as to postpone nuclear program, but Obama will have to choose what to do if diplomacy fails. RELATED NEWS Latest News This option is not my decision, it will be the decision of the President. From my perspective, the attack at this time last option - he explained today, the Joint Chief of Staff, U.S. Army Admiral Mike Mullen, responding to accusations that the Obama administration has a strategy regarding Iran. The New York Times on Sunday reported that the Minister of Defense Robert Gates in January the White House sent a confidential memorandum in which he warned that the U.S. has no effective long-term policy to stop Iran&#39;s attempts to grabs nuclear weapons, as well as plan for the case that Iran chooses the path that the analysts seem most likely - to obtain the necessary components for making bombs, but to stop before assembling weapons.
 Gates explained that the memorandum identified &quot;next steps in the planning process defense&quot; that should be decided in the coming weeks. - Our consultants and allies should not be confused because the U.S. is appropriate and strongly focused on this issue and willing to work with a multitude of possibilities - said Gates. It is difficult to predict the outcome Mullen stressed however that in the case of Iran&#39;s nuclear program is very difficult to predict the outcome. - I think that the possibility that Iran gets hold of nuclear weapons was destabilizing. The attack would have the same effect. I am concerned that if Iran becomes a nuclear state, and other countries in the region could go into production of its weapons - he explained. The Memorandum was &quot;leaked&quot; to the public in a very tense moment. Relations between Israel and the United States remain tense, and Obama was behind me had a &quot;hard&quot;, but highly successful nuclear week. Most importantly, the Deputy Chief of Joint Staff of the U.S. Army James Cartwright said last week that Iran could produce enough uranium for a nuclear bomb within a year, but for its preparation should have three to five years.
 Ahmadinejad: Iran is a very powerful army of the President of Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, said Sunday in a speech during a military parade on the day of the Iranian armed forces, which took place at the same time as the Conference on Nuclear Safety in Tehran, that Iran has enough military power to prevent a possible attack. - The power of the Iranian armed forces is so great that the enemies will not even think about that violate our territorial integrity - he said. Number of recommendations: 47 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 