Consumer Reports, an independent nonprofit organization that helps people to &quot;distinguish the hype from the facts good and bad products&quot; tested the new iPhone 4 in their lab and confirmed that the question before, due to poor antenna design. As a result they are not recommended until Apple fixes the problem permanently. They tested three iPhone 4s Consumer Reports within radio frequency (RF) isolation chamber, and there they are connected to the base station emulator, which simulates a carrier cell towers. They also tested before and Palm iPhone 3G in the same way, but only 4 came up with an iPhone problem. When the phone is touched bottom left of the antenna box, where the two parts connect the antenna, receiving significantly reduced and the drop call if there is a low signal in the area. As a cheap fix They suggested putting duct tape on that part of the phone that insulates it from the hands of the user, but it makes the phone look far less elegant, but the alternative is to spend around $ 30 USD to the bumper.
 Apple&#39;s first response to customer complaints in question, known as the &quot;death grip&quot;, it was stated that &quot;that was gripping the phone will result in some attenuation of its antenna, with some areas being worse than others, depending on the placement of antennas. In direct response to the e-mail&#39;s Steve Jobs has been proposed to avoid holding the phone in this way. Apple later &quot;confessed&quot; to the problem, but throw it on a software bug that causes the signal indicator to show the signal bars more than they should be, an explanation that some find odd given the direct correlation between holding the phone in a specific way and the signal falls. At the Consumer Reports publication of test results and recommendations to non-Apple employees are deleting references to it in their forums. In the meantime, some are calling for repeal of hardware iPhone 4, believes that it will be inevitable. CIO.com quoted Rob Enderle said that &quot;customer loyalty is one of the most valuable and strategic assets are wasting and it needed to avoid withdrawal would be penny wise and pound foolish&quot;.
 With class action lawsuits already under way, and increasingly tainted reputation, Apple is definitely the full blown PR backslash, but their responses to a large extent contribute to it unnecessarily prolong the drama, especially since not all bad with the iPhone 4th If they had just fessed up and put out a true fix they would still top the phone to count on their current reputation and sales. Consumer Reports gives the iPhone and 4 high scores, despite their current non-recommendation for a sharp display, video camera, front camera for video calls, battery life, and so on. Of course, all this pales when the phone is not reliable can make something as basic as telephone calls.
 