Chinese Foreign Ministry issued a statement condemning the award Liuu as blasphemy for itself and claims that the award is contrary to its principles of Photo: Associated Press pro-democracy demonstrators seeking the release Liuu Xiaoboa during a protest in Hong Kong, 8th October This year&#39;s Nobel Peace Prize Liu Xiaobo was honored for &quot;his long-standing and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in China.&quot; Norwegian Nobel Committee said in his statement pointed out how long believed that there is a close link between human rights and peace. Whispered the days that this could be a Chinese dissident won this year, so that yesterday&#39;s statement from Oslo was not a particular surprise. Thorbjoern Jagland chairman of the Norwegian Nobel Prize Committee. &quot;Norwegian Nobel Committee has decided to award for 2010. Liuu Xiaobou award for his long and non-violent struggle for human rights in China.&quot;
 A battle that lasted for decades. Liu was imprisoned after the Tiananmen Square protests 1989th , and the pro-democracy activist currently serving eleven years in prison to which he was sentenced last year because of subversive activities. Corrina-Barbara Francis is an expert on China at the human rights organization Amnesty International. She says that getting this award has great significance. &quot;We hope that this will be a message not only to the Chinese government as these individuals are respected by the international community, but also the message that the international community must do more to protect such individuals.&quot; Chinese Foreign Ministry issued a statement condemning the award Liuu as blasphemy for itself and claims that the award is contrary to its principles. China has blocked the TV and Internet news of the awards, as well as text messages that contained Liuovo name in Chinese script.
 Ms. Francis would want other countries to oppose China, and are critical for such censorship. She added that many people oppose it because of Chinese economic and diplomatic influence. She added that China&#39;s position in the world means that it must improve their human rights. &quot;China is a global force in the development, if not the developed force, as it comes a responsibility not only towards their own citizens but also to the international community.&quot; Tom Porteous of Human Rights Watch says that Liuu award sends a very different message than the one last year when the prize was awarded to President Obama. &quot;Last year&#39;s choice was interesting, was controversial, this year is again controversial. I think it would in a practical way to bring the Chinese government in a difficult position in relation to the internal situation in the country.&quot; Mr. Liu joined many other prominent dissidents who received the Nobel Peace Prize, such as former Czech president and playwright Vaclav Havel and the late Russian physicist and human rights campaigner Andrei Sakharov.
 Otherwise, Liu was the first person who received the prize while in prison, although some other winners were under house arrest or in prison shortly before receiving the award. Not expected to be Liu able to travel to Oslo for the award in person, and at this point it is unclear whether Chinese authorities to allow his wife to travel to the award.
 