Chernihiv (Ukraine: Chernihiv, Russian: Cernigov, Tschernihiw German, Polish: Czernihów, Belarusian: Čarnígaŭ) is a city in northern Ukraine Černigivske center field. Chernihiv is one of the oldest indigenous Ukrainian cities, usually the third most important trading and political center of the medieval Kievan Russian state. In the 17th century city of Chernihiv in the Ukrainian Hetmanata becoming one of the major cultural and educational centers of Europe. Chernihiv city today is an interesting tourist location in which to find theaters, museums and medieval monuments. Particularly interesting are the medieval Slavic churches and monasteries. The city is a little more industrial development began after World War II, in it we find an industrial complex for processing chemicals, wood, then making construction materials, food, and processing power. Contents [edit] History The city of Chernihiv region to find the archaeological traces of various Eurasian cultures present before the arrival of Slavic.
 Recorded traces of Hazara people, and Kagan. Cultural and political center of the station only during the Ukrainian tribe Siverjana that in the 10 century among the first to accept the jurisdiction of Kiev and are a part of Kievan Russia. The surviving historical records, Chernihiv was first mentioned in Rus&#39;-Byzantine Treaty of 907th year (as Cernigov), but according to archeological excavations in the city there was a ninth century. In Chernihiv region, there is a black Mongie, one of the largest and oldest royal funerary sanctuary in eastern Europe, usually found and excavated in the 19th century. Archaeological excavations indicate that the Chernihiv represented one of the most important medieval centers in Eastern Europe. Chernihiv city of 11 to 13 century was a center of Černigivske Principality and the center area known as Siverjanščina that stretched from the city of Chernihiv until the City of Moscow in Russia today.
 In the 11th Century was founded in the Chernigov diocese which covered large areas of western Russia today. After the attack, the Mongols in the 13th century, Chernihiv lose its political importance and soon came under the control of Great Principality of Lithuania. In the 17th century after the uprising Zaporoških Cossacks, the city and the whole region culturally and politically revitalized. Opens up many educational institutions have stayed in many Ukrainian nobles who work closely with the Court of Moscow in the Russian Empire. Especially then said černigivski Archbishop Lazar Baranović arhimadrit Ioanikij Galjatovskij, archdeacon Antonij Radivilovskij and others. Ukrainian intellectuals emerging Černigivske Governorship in sljedćem period generously contribute to the development of the Russian Empire in the 18th and Chernihiv century, becoming one of the strongest cultural and educational center. [Edit] Geography is located in the Chernihiv Ukraine sjeveroj The right on the river near the border with Belarus and Russia, away from Kiev, 132 km as the crow flies 209 km and 140 km rail road.
 [Edit] Population According to the official census of 2001. The city had 305 000 inhabitants, [1] estimated population in 2005. The city had about 300 500 inhabitants. [Edit] Sister cities [edit] Celebrities [edit] Gallery Church of 1,201th The Cathedral of the 1030th The monastery Eletski [edit] Source [edit] External links [edit] Other projects Wikimedia Commons has material on the topic: Chernihiv v • d • administrative centers in Ukraine special status of Kyiv City Sevastopol City • Centre County • Cherkassy Chernihiv • Chernivtsi Dnipropetrovsk • Donetsk • • • Kharkiv Kherson Hmeljnicki • • • Ivano-Frankivsk Kyiv Kirovograd • • • Lviv Mariupol Mykolaiv • Luck • • • Odessa Poltava Rivne • • • Sevastopol Simferopol Sumi • • • Uzhhorod Ternopilj Vinnicja • • • Zaporizhia Zhytomyr Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/% C4% 8Cernigiv&quot; Category: Cities in Ukraine
 