Who is to blame for what happened in Gaza more than a year ago? This question, however clear, is not a complete answer! If we stick to diplomatic standards of explaining why something is, but by all accounts and will not be resolved, such a response is difficult to expect! In fact, the whole world was appalled by the operation by Israeli forces on Palestinian territory. 22 days lasted only reconciliation, assets and people, with the country. It was tough, as he claimed the official Jerusalem, a showdown with Hamas terrorists. All these days and watched as it is not clear? There are numbers, they are striking: 1166 Palestinians killed, according to Israeli sources, the Palestinians counted 1409. Horrible both, of course, civilians were the greatest victims. In the military operation, settling of accounts with the opponents of pacifying and neighbors were killed and nine Israelis: two were civilians and four soldiers were killed by fire of their comrades.
 At the same time as the shells and tanks of Israeli forces destroying Gaza, Hamas rockets in the backlash made a minor damage on the Israeli side! It is approximately factography followed by the conclusion of the UN is still not clear what happened. In fact, Israel and Hams diverge in everything: why it all began, how it began and what happened afterwards. Because of the well-known disagreement about the facts, the conflicting parties, the court last year in the spring sent Richard Goldstone, the world-known South African judge, and even more war crimes prosecutor. What no one is missed out: Goldstone is a Jew! What were the expectations of his report to the Secretary General? Certainly not what he wrote: The fact is that they are one and the other side, Israel and Hamas, committed war crimes! Withdrew the reference to international law and obligations under it, and possible arrests of officials in the territory of third countries.
 Four months after receiving the report, has been sent to parliament of the Universal opinion of the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon that the conflicting parties are still not fulfilling what is one of the world body expected: to examine what&#39;s happening in December 2008 in Gaza . This is exactly what General supština urged Israelis and Palestinians. Not that I have just turned a deaf ear to the call! provided the data each with their victims, but ... Is there any deliberate targeting of civilians and the excessive use of force, which is discussed in Goldstone, it was rejected in its entirety. And what next? According to what is happening in Gaza, she was doomed to gradual extinction. The population is heavily blocked, almost any renovation, the food arrives, but just enough to not die of starvation. It is difficult at present to say what it is you would almost be to change the situation. Hope in Barack Obama slowly disappeared as well as in the miracle that is similar to Irish Agreement of Good Friday should initiate George Mitchell.
 No miracles, but the reality is poor. No one not even mentioned in the process, the magic word for the Middle East, which could threaten such wrangling. Process, the peace process has long been a revival of the apparatus. In the meantime, talks about talks. Direct negotiations no mention, at least those who make them should be involved and finally solve the problem that no one but them can not be resolved.
 