&quot;Good Teacher, what must I do to inherit eternal life?&quot; (Mk 10:17) Dear friends, this year marks the twenty-fifth anniversary of the establishment of World Youth Day, which was started by Pope John Paul II., Of venerable memory as the annual meeting young believers from all over the world. It was a farsighted initiative that has yielded abundant fruits, enabling new generations of believers to meet with each other, to listen to the Word of God, to reveal the beauty of the Church and live a powerful experience of faith who have led many to the decision to completely surrender to Christ. This 25th Dan is a stage towards the next World Youth Day, which will be held in August 2011th in Madrid, where you will, hopefully, come in large numbers to experience this event of grace. To be prepared for this celebration, I would like to propose some reflections on the theme: &quot;Good Teacher, what must I do to inherit eternal life?&quot; (Mk 10:17), which was taken from the Gospel reports of Jesus&#39; encounter with a young rich man, on this subject was already spoken by Pope John Paul II.
 in his first letter to young people in 1985. year. 1st Jesus &#39;encounter with the young man, &quot;while I was leaving on time, someone came running, knelt before him and asked him:&#39; Good Master, what must I do to inherit eternal life?&quot; Jesus said to him: &#39;What do you call me good? There is none good but God alone! Either know the commandments: Thou shalt not kill, Do not commit adultery, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, not otmi Honour thy father and thy mother&#39; He answered, &#39;Teacher, all I kept from my youth. &quot; Jesus looking upon him loved him, and said to him: &#39;One thing you lack, go and what you have, sell and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven. And come, follow me. &quot; It is on that word and went smrkne sad because he had great possessions &quot;(Mk 10, 17-22). This report expresses an effective way of Jesus that a lot of attention paid to young people, all of you, your expectations, your hopes and shows how great his desire to meet you in person and begin a dialogue with each of you.
 Christ, namely, the interruption of your trip to answer the question of his interlocutor, is placed entirely at the disposal of a young man who wanted very much to talk to &quot;good teachers&quot; to learn from him tread the path of life. Tim is a fragment of the Gospel by my predecessor, wanted to encourage each of you to &quot;engage in personal conversation with Christ - a conversation that is fundamental and essential to the young man&quot; (Letter to the youth, 2). 2nd Jesus looked at him and falls in love with the Gospel story, St. Mark says that &quot;Jesus looking upon him loved him&quot; (cf. Mk 10:21). In view of the Lord is the center of this very special meeting and the entire Christian experience. In fact Christianity is not primarily a moral, but the experience of Jesus Christ, who loves us every one, young and old, rich and poor; loves us, and when his back is turned. Commenting on this sight, Pope John Paul II. added in his address to the youth: &quot;I want you to experience such a sight! I want you to experience the truth that He, Christ, look with love!&quot; (Letter to Youth, 7).
 This love, manifested on the cross in such a complete and comprehensive manner, prompted St. Paul to write with admiration that it was Christ loved and gave himself for me &quot;(Gal 2.20). &quot;The awareness that our Father has always loved in his Son, that Christ loves everyone and always - the newspaper said Pope John Paul II. - Becomes a solid point of reference for the whole human life&quot; (Letter to Youth, 7) and allows us to overcome all the trials: discovering their own sin, suffering, discouragement. In this love is the source of the entire Christian life and the fundamental reason for evangelism: if we really meet Jesus, we must bear witness to those whose eyes are not yet met with him! 3rd Discovering life plan in boys from the Gospels, we discover the state is very similar to the one in which there is every one of you. You&#39;re rich features, bursting with energy, cultivating many dreams and hopes: all these are assets that possess in abundance! Your youth is itself great wealth not only for you but also for others, for the Church and the world.
 The young rich man asks Jesus in the Gospel: &quot;What do I do?&quot; The age you are in a time of discovery, and disclosure of gifts that God has abundantly bestowed upon you and your responsibilities. It is also a time of fundamental commitment to building your life plan. It is therefore time to question the true meaning of life and ask yourself: &quot;Am I satisfied with my life? You miss me?&quot; As a young man from the Gospels, perhaps you live in an environment where the prevailing instability, unrest and suffering, which you are encouraged to strive for a life that will be a life of mediocrity and to ask yourself: what the successful life? What should I do? Which could be my life plan? &quot;What must I do to get my life has had its full value and full meaning&quot; (ibid., 3). Do not be afraid to ask you these questions! It certainly will not crush you, but expressed great desire, which are present in your heart.
 They have to be heard. She does not expect a superficial answers, but answers are capable to meet your expectations for a true life and happiness. To discover the life plan that you can be completely happy, listen to God, who has a plan of love with each of you. With confidence, ask him: &quot;Sir, what is your plan of the Creator and Father with my life, what is your will? I want to fill it.&quot; Be sure that you will respond. Do not be afraid of his response. &quot;God is greater than our hearts and knows everything&quot; (1 Jn 3.20). 4th Come, follow me Jesus invites the rich young man to step away from meeting its own aspirations and personal agendas, and tells him: &quot;Come, follow me&quot;. Christian vocation comes from one of the Lord&#39;s offer of love and can only be achieved thanks to the response with love, &quot;Jesus calls his disciples to a complete surrender of his life, without proračunatosti and human interest, with bespridržajnim trust in God.
 Saints accept this challenging invitation is humble poučljivošću follow Christ crucified and resurrected. Their perfection, the logic of faith, which is sometimes humanly incomprehensible, lies in the fact that no longer put themselves at the center, but decided to go against the current, living the Gospel &quot;(Pope Benedict XVI, Homily on the occasion of the canonization: L&#39;Osservatore Romano, 12 .- 13 October 2009., pp. 6). After the example of the many disciples of Christ, and you, dear friends, gladly accept his invitation to follow him, to intensive and fruitful living in this world! On Baptism, in fact, every call to be followed with concrete action, that he loves above all to serve him with the brothers. young rich man, unfortunately, did not accept Jesus&#39; invitation and went sad. not mustered the courage to separate from the material goods in order to find the greatest good that suggested Jesus. Same the sorrow that has overtaken the rich young man in the Gospel also urges every one who has the courage to follow Christ, to make the right decision.
 But never too late to answer it! Jesus never tired of pointing his view of love and to be his disciples, but he proposes some radical choices. In this Year of the Priest, I would encourage young men to carefully listen to the call to the Lord the greater gift, the path of ministerial priesthood, and be willing to accept with generosity and enthusiasm that character special love, starting with the priest, the spiritual leader of the required time of recognition of their own profession . Do not be afraid, moreover, my dear boys and girls, if the Lord calls for religious, monk, missionary life or the life of special consecration. He knows the deep joy to give to those who bravely answered him! I invite, in addition, those who feel a call to marriage to accept this call with faith, arguing that strikes a solid foundation to live a big, faithful love is open to the gift of life, which is the richness and grace for society and the Church.
 5th Directed toward eternal life, &quot;Good Teacher, what must I do to inherit eternal life?&quot;. This question is a young man from the Gospel as it is somehow far more to what attracts many of today&#39;s youth, as noted by my predecessor, &quot;Do not generation that the world and worldly progress fully meet the horizon of life?&quot; (Letter to the youth, 5). But the question of &quot;eternal life&quot; emerges in a particularly painful moments of life, when you suffer a loss of a loved one or when they fail. But what is &quot;eternal life&quot; which tells about a young rich man? It shows us that Jesus, when, in an address to his disciples, said, &quot;but I&#39;ll see you again and your hearts will rejoice, and your joy no one will take&quot; (Jn 16:22). These are words that show a delightful range of endless happiness, the joy of the fulfillment of God&#39;s love forever. Ask questions about the ultimate future that awaits each of us gives full meaning to life, because it directs the plan of life according to the horizons, which are limited and transient, but vast and deep, that encourage people to love the world, which is itself God so loved, to devote himself to his development, but always with the freedom and joy that spring from faith and hope.
 These are horizons that help is not absolutised earthly reality, feeling that God is preparing us for something bigger in the future, and to repeat with St. Augustine: &quot;We together heavenly homeland, exceedingly long for the heavenly homeland, we are aware that we are just travelers here at country &quot;(Commentary on the Gospel of St. John, Homily 35.9).. Pointing our eyes to eternal life, Blessed Pier Giorgio Frassati, who died 1925th in 24th age, said: &quot;I want to live and not hustle,&quot; a photo of a staircase, which has sent one of his friend, he wrote: &quot;According to the above&quot;, referring to Christian perfection, but also to eternal life. My dear young friends, I urge you to remember this perspective in his life plan: we are called to eternity. God created us to be with Him forever. It will help you to give full meaning to excellence in our decisions and our lives.
 6th Commandments, the path of true love, Jesus reminds the rich young man on the Ten Commandments, as the necessary conditions to be &quot;inherited eternal life.&quot; These are essential anchor point for a life of love, to clearly distinguish good from evil, and built a solid and permanent life plan. And Jesus asks you if you know the commandments, you try to shape your conscience according to God&#39;s law and put them in the act. Certainly these are questions in contrast with today&#39;s mentality, which suggests the freedom of no value, rules, norms and objective call to reject any restriction of the current preferences. But these kinds of deals in place to maintain the right to freedom, leads to the fact that a man becomes a slave of himself, his immediate desires, idols such as power, money, partying and lure of the world, making it unable to follow his innate vocation to love. God gives us commandments because he wants to teach us the true freedom, because we want to build a kingdom of love, justice and peace.
 Listen to and implement the means to steal, but to find the path of true freedom and love, because the orders do not limit happiness, but it shows how to find it. Jesus at the beginning of a dialogue with the young rich man, recalls that the law given by God is good, because &quot;God is good.&quot; 7th We need you young people today are faced with many problems arising from unemployment, lack of safe reference points and ideals and concrete perspectives for the future. Sometimes you may get the impression that we are powerless before the crisis and today&#39;s aberrations. Despite the difficulties, do not be discouraged and do not renounce their dreams! Cherish the contrary, in the heart of the great desire of brotherhood, justice and peace. The future is in the hands of one who knows to look for and find the safe grounds of life and hope. If you are ready, the future is in your hands as gifts and the riches that the Lord has placed in the heart of every one of you, shaped the encounter with Christ, can bring real hope to the world! Faith in His love will make you strong and generous and so give you the courage to fearlessly walk the path of life and take family and professional responsibilities.
 Try to build their future through a serious personal ways of formation and learning, to the professional and generous way to serve the common good. In his recent encyclical on integrated human development, Caritas in Veritate, I&#39;ve listed some great current challenges that are urgent and essential to the life of this world: the use of natural resources and respect for ecology, fair distribution of goods and financial control mechanisms, solidarity with poor countries our human family, the fight against hunger in the world, promoting the dignity of human labor, the service culture of life, building peace among peoples, interfaith dialogue, the correct use of the social communication. These are challenges that you are invited to respond to build a more just and fraternal world. These are challenges that require demanding and enthusiastic about life plan, which should bring all their wealth to the plan that God has with each of you.
 It&#39;s not that you need to do heroic or extraordinary gesture, but to act so that all the talents and use their own abilities so that yields fruit, seeking constant improvement in the faith and love. In this Year of the Priest invite you to familiarize yourself with the life of the saints, especially the life of holy priests. You will see that God has led and are finding their way from day to day, just in faith, hope and love. Christ calls each one of you to work with him and take over their responsibilities to build up a civilization of love. If you follow His Word and your path will be illuminated by the light and guide you to the chief targets, that give delight and full of meaning to life. May the Virgin Mary, Mother of the Church, watch over you and protect you. I assure you that I will mention in the prayer of the heart and bless you. From the Vatican, 22 February 2010.
 