Number 566 Tags: G-20 Summit, the currency War Release Date: 22.10.2010. Author: Nicholas Bajto As one of the main objectives of the forthcoming summit of G-20, which will be held in mid-November in Seoul, South Korean, imposed to prevent the outbreak of &quot;currency war&quot;, a phenomenon that has aroused general concern after the past month a number of countries, povedenih China for example, resorted to foreign exchange interventions in order to increase the competitiveness of its export goods. Intense controversy between the U.S. and China on exchange rates, as Americans say, podcijenjenoga Chinese yuan, for which the U.S. market flooded with cheap Chinese goods, has been going on for years, but the situation escalated considerably after mid-September, Japan unilateral intervention weakened the value of the yen three percent against the dollar after they followed similar moves, Colombia, Thailand, South Korea and a dozen other states.
 At the same time, and America, which has adopted an ambitious plan to double exports by 2015, is also trying to influence the exchange rate of currency sales of large amounts of dollars on international money markets. Although in early 2009. seemed to come to a stronger international cooperation in the recovery of global economy and market regulation, this trend was short-lived. Countries have reached the packages to recover the national economy, in an effort to accelerate the growth of many have gone on measures to stimulate exports, where one of the mechanisms and the devaluation of its currency in relation to the target value of the currency of importing countries. In this way, their goods become cheaper on world markets, but also threatens the competitiveness of other countries, which also count on exports as a lever of its growth. Diametrically opposed positions of the U.S. and China fear of uncontrolled izbijana &quot;currency war&quot; marked the annual meeting of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and World Bank, held two weeks ago in Washington.
 There, despite warnings that this new instability could threaten investment and a global recovery in its very beginning, could not discern any solution, but only revealed that the differences in opinion between the leading economic powers are becoming larger. Although it is argued that economic growth returns, IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss-Kahn warned on its fragility and unevenness. He said the global increase in unemployment threatens to &quot;political stability, democracy and peace,&quot; and specifically pointed out that history has shown that &quot;the use of currency as a weapon did not function and can even lead to disaster.&quot; But while Strauss-Kahn urged to work on a &quot;balanced pattern of global development&quot; and a joint response to the challenges of uncontrolled movement of capital, officials of the United States and China performed with diametrically opposing positions. U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner found that the most serious threat to the global economy is the possibility that the largest economies fail to grow, so, adding that the steady recovery of the necessary changes in the pattern of global development, came down hard on China.
 - For too long many countries orientate their economies on production for export rather than for consumption at home, counting on the U.S. to import more of their goods and services than they buy them from us - Geithner said, adding that countries with large reserves (a China&#39;s foreign exchange reserves reached nearly 2,500 billion dollars) should begin to implement policies that will boost domestic demand. - It is particularly important for countries whose currencies are significantly undervalued - have pointed out once again on China and urged the IMF to stringent exchange control policy and practice of accumulating reserves. In other words, the United States in an attempt to strengthen its own export demand from China to increase the value of the yuan, which would reduce exposure to the U.S. market Chinese goods, and to begin work on a growing domestic economy and consumption, which would increase the purchasing power of the Chinese population and its demand for foreign goods.
 Although the Chinese government generally agree on the appreciation of the currency, they insist that this happens gradually, which is now meant to creep speed. As Americans resent them deprecated currency, so the Chinese point fingers at extremely low interest which the United States lavishes investors pumped to its economic growth. Therefore, the People&#39;s Bank of China Governor Zhou Xiaochuan all responsibility for market imbalances switched to the opposite side, saying that the main problem of the global economy at the moment consists of high debts, low interest rates and unconventional incentives richest countries and that it is precisely such a policy is the richest constant challenge for monetary policies implemented by developing countries. Unlike Geithner, called on the IMF to oversee the policies that are developed, according to him, damaging the global economic development, because their huge deficits and the risk may at any time threaten financial stability.
 The Chinese are spending too little, too many Americans - Beijing simply can not accept that its undervalued exchange rate is an important cause of global abnormalities, and argues that the U.S. has itself to blame for the budget and fiscal deficit. In the U.S., the general view that the U.S. budget deficit blame excessive savings in Asia and that the solution lies in the east - a commentator notes, &quot;Financial Times&quot; Alan Beattie, describing the level of discrepancy in views between the governments of the leading economies. Although the Chinese fear that a stronger yuan would jeopardize their export industries, which operate at a low level of profitability, and hence social peace, analysts believe that a good part of that industry has stepped on his feet, and most of them expected that China, if not immediately, Then in due time, however, allow a stronger appreciation of the currency. The majority of revenue from the Chinese economic miracle remains corporations that benefit from low taxes, cheap energy and land, while households have not yet felt the benefits of development.
 While accumulating foreign exchange reserves, the population remains small part of the national income and therefore consumes very little, a standard he can only improve if China stimulate domestic consumption. While China consumes too, on the other hand, in an interview with Spiegel, &quot;says a prominent Chicago economist Raghuram Rajan, the main problem the U.S. are living beyond their means and consuming too much. He warns that the U.S. recovery through a policy of cheap interest false and very unstable and are dangerous because of low interest rates encourage people to borrow and invest in risky activities. According Rajanovom opinion, the U.S. should deal with fundamental problems, such as increasing inequality in income, which is the result of lagging U.S. workers for the technological changes since the 80s onwards. Instead of higher salaries, politicians have allowed them to acquire property cheaply, which eventually led to the crisis. - It&#39;s been a lot easier to achieve than educate people and give them a chance for advancement.
 People are given easy access to credit, real estate prices were rising, and created a feeling of richness, and they borrow more money and use it for consumption. Therefore addressed less attention to the fact that their revenues are not growing - Rajan says, noting that the U.S. even now do not have enough hearing to redistribute any practice of European countries. &quot;The currency pact&quot; before the summit the U.S. trade deficit with China is at the annual level of around 250 billion dollars, and this August has reached a record monthly sum of over 28 billion dollars. In anticipation of G-20 summit, the American public stronger tension against the Chinese exchange rate policy, the U.S. Congress recently adopted legislation that allows the Ministry of Trade to impose special tariffs countries with undervalued currencies. In addition, the United States in recent days triggered additional selling dollars to strengthen the relative rates of major trading rivals and increase the effective cost of imports in the U.S., and reduce the price of exports from the United States to their markets.
 Ahead of G-20 summit, the Korean President Lee Myung-bak announced as the host that will have to deal with a set of &quot;currency war&quot;, but that the state should be closer to an agreement before the meeting. To achieve the &quot;currency pact&quot; at the upcoming summit advocated and Charles Dallara, director of the Institute of International Finance, which represents more than 400 leading banks, calling for multilateral negotiations and an urgent action to prevent unilateral actions that could lead to new global disorder. But many analysts predict that it is too short to reach an agreement that would mean that Beijing allow faster appreciation of yuan, while in return the United States and other developed economies to reduce the deficit and stimulate growth.
 