Because of fears that the damaged tank to the west of Hungary, from which it was leaked on Monday, chemical waste, could pour more toxic sludge, authorities said Saturday morning began to evacuate residents of nearby places Kolontar, reported Hungarian news agency MTI. A spokesman for the Hungarian Disaster Management to combat Tibor Dobson said that the walls of the damaged tank could give why the rescue team decided to evacuate the 800 residents of. Experts are ready for evacuation of neighboring Devecser, if necessary. Killed seven Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban of Hungary arrived early morning in Kolontar, MTI reported. Accompanying him are Defence Minister Csaba Hende, and top officials of the national police department for combating disasters. Hungary was on Tuesday declared a state of emergency in three counties after the damaged container processing factory in the city of Mal aluminum Aika, about 160 km southwest of Budapest, spilled about 1.1 million cubic meters of toxic red mud.
 Number of victims of the worst in the history of Hungarian environmental disasters has increased to seven last night, after a stay in hospital due to a chemical accident elderly man died and about 150 people were injured, rescue services were announced. Contaminated surfaces corresponding patches in the Gulf of Mexico? Authorities assume that due to spillage of toxic sludge contaminated with approximately 4 000 hectares of agricultural land. Agencies are delegated to the affected area outpouring of red mud in Hungary for its size corresponds to the oil stain, which was formed in April in the Gulf of Mexico after an explosion on the submarine well, which is considered the greatest ecological disaster in American history. The Marcal River, which first hit the outpouring of mud, no longer lives, they confirmed that Hungarian experts. There are also sporadic reports of fish kill in other rivers, but the authorities on the basis of regular measurements of concentrations of heavy metals in water, reported that there is no greater threat to the Danube.
 &#39;It is good that the Danube water level falls&#39; Director of Croatian Waters Osijek Zoran Đuroković said however that it is expected that the wave of water from the Danube from Hungary to Croatia to arrive tomorrow, and probably on Sunday. &quot;Because it is a large flow of the Danube, is a great rarity, and pollution and do not expect any consequences for the eco-system in Croatia,&quot; said Đuroković. Analysis of the Danube water in Batina, at the entrance of the Danube in Croatia, has shown that water does not deviate from the quality and not contaminated. Croatian Water, in collaboration with the Department of Public Health, Osijek-Baranja county sampled Danube water with additional parameters to the various metals that might be after an accident in the water, he said. He also stressed that &quot;a good circumstance that the Danube water level falls, so there is no fear of danger Kopacki swamp, where, in the case of the Danube River is contaminated by hazardous substances and to pour in Rit, certainly left a scar.&quot;
 Teams are constantly on the ground and the situation is under control, repeated Đuroković. Previous articles: dead fish floating on the Danube (10.07.2010.) PHOTO: Toxic sludge yet reached a tributary of the Danube (07.10.2010.) Toxic sludge in Hungary claimed a sixth victim (08.10.2010.) Pollution from Hungary came to us on Saturday (08.10.2010.) Hina | Danas.hr 09.10.2010.
 