Author: Hrvoje G. brief encounter with Libya Model Posing Libyan coast of Africa has always been magical continent. Full of secrets, diversity, prejudice. And then, about five years time I took over the Mediterranean. The choice was Libya, which once operated a number of our company and many of my fellow citizens there gained a decent wage. I myself have pulled jobs and around oil refineries. The usual procedure is first to obtain a visa (tourist or working, so where), then a flight to Vienna, then on to Tripoli, the capital. So it was the 2005th year, but next 2006th opened a direct route from my hometown, Sarajevo, to Tripoli and to facilitate further travel. Here on the markets of spices can be anything to buy spices Market After arriving in Tripoli, I had a short time to walk the Green Square, the central part of town with many shops, bazaars and sukom. In fact, the succession in the old part of town, surrounded by medieval walls, full of open stalls with everything, there is a variety of merchandise and food in one place, while in another part of town are many contemporary-designed boutiques with wares from around the world, a lot of gold, pearls, leather goods, then the small shopping centers that began to resemble modern stores.
 There are a good hotel. For quite a few places I&#39;ve heard the English language, but I think they are very scarce dictionary, is reduced to a few semi-skilled sentences. We all get a warning to keep the pickpockets, it is enough, but such inconveniences may occur on any part of the world, so caution is needed everywhere. Here is a strange combination of Roman, Turkish, Arabic and modern architecture, especially at a time. Tripoli called the &#39;White Bride of the Mediterranean&#39;. It seems to me a reason. The turquoise sea resort housing Libya is a mixture of beautiful and ugly things, in any case is quite different than all previously experienced. The first thing you notice while you&#39;re still in the heights of the pleasant color of turquoise sea, which at that distance acts attractively. A sea is really clean. In the vicinity of Tripoli see the diverse Mediterranean vegetation, one of which is certainly dominated by olive trees, and this is one of the few so-rich oasis. You move away along the coast to the east or west, green is less and less.
 In contrast to the blue water, everything else is a strange gray-brown color, I suppose, and yourself, the color of sand. As much as we prepared for the endless sand, still close to him with the impression of awe. Everything else is drowned in the infinite, and buildings, plants and people. Well, beautiful sandy beaches here acting stranger than the Adriatic. Walk along the road Tripoli is a city the size of Zagreb. Especially developed after 2003.g.kad have stopped the sanctions the United Nations, which the state accused of involvement in international terrorism. After this blockade, increases in transport by sea, by air and the earth is experiencing a kind of progress. Currently, the largest construction site in Tripoli Africa. Gaddafi began with the modernization modeled on European cities. Besides the beautiful facades of the city, there is the other, ugly side, which many see them after they arrive and relax. Quick note numerous species of reptiles, more or less dangerous insects, animals, some fatal, that are wrapped around you, despite the nets on the windows.
 It is a plague that you constantly monitor and as much as you try to ignore it, you greatly nerves are jumping to the highest level. Ubiquitous sand, and when it is not visible to the eye, you feel your nose, mouth, eyes, even the fingers on each touch they found one nice thin layer over all around. Many can not stand, and quickly leave the country, with what &#39;never again&#39;. Make sure you surprise and strange traffic rules, regulations or no really. It seems that everyone drives to come to mind, vehicles of all kinds, and age. Wisest to hire local drivers, because hardly anyone dares to go into competition with a crazed local rally drivers. But despite the fact that I have seen nowhere better drivers, who drive in more chaos. All significant gesturing and shouting something, throws, but no one&#39;s nerves. That fascinated me. Tripoli has not left me a special feeling, and unfortunately I have not had time to go straight to the sites that have been recommended to me.
 Some hundred miles west of the town of Homs with the fishing harbor. It&#39;s Leptis Magna, a former Roman town over 500 g, with the colossal gateway of Septimius Severus, the amphitheater, swimming pool and other valuable Roman remains. Who has the capabilities, definitely recommend that you visit the Leptis Magna on the coast. Also the town together, west of Tripoli, located some 80-odd miles. In Libya there are other old cities that show the former way of life, as well as present generations, but a way of life to us inconceivable. For example, living in houses under the ground. Ra Ra&#39;s Lanuf&#39;s Lanuf 1 Ra Ra&#39;s Lanuf&#39;s Lanuf 2 3 4 Ra&#39;s Lanuf My residence those few days was a town of Ra&#39;s Lanuf, located some 650 km from Tripoli, on the east towards Benghazi. Located deep in the Gulf of Sirte, on the Cape, which is partly sandy soil dived into the blue sea. It is a town of recent date, 30-odd years, erected in the middle of nowhere dedicated to creating the city, and with the aim of exploitation of oil, which is being delivered here and to the Croatian terminal Omisalj.
 Transportation of oil to our ports is done the tanker ships sailing Zadar, for the purposes of INA. The purpose of the oil industry is a city built for employees, designed to accommodate about 40,000 people who lived here would complete their tasks. Camps were built with apartments, where we stayed and we, who have arrived here from Bosnia. Many houses, identical objects, such as military, surrounded by wire. They provide various facilities required for guests, for sports, recreation and relaxation (for larger companies). As we found in the military, feeling quite uncomfortable, but much of that in this country was strange and somewhat uncomfortable. However, there is only a matter of habit, over time a man answered and all becomes normal to him. Like many camels are quite relaxed walked and fed into our neighborhood, not paying attention to our interest nor snap camera. With its elegant attitude we patiently posed.
 Bungalow Camp Camels camp near our luck that we were not for the unbearable heat of summer, when the temperature rises to unbearable 50 C, and sometime more, and the sun bakes incessantly from morning till night. However, in November was far more comfortable, it&#39;s true we could not swim, but not a lot of complaining about it. Winter temperature is very pleasant, as with us in the spring, so the best time to visit Libya. Opening hours they uncommon for our habits: Friday is not a working day, and many do not even work on Saturdays. So, from Sunday to Thursday are working days and should adjust. Incidentally, the fuel is unbelievable bargain, maybe 10 times cheaper than us, a very high quality. They say that in Libya eat the tastiest lamb in the world. I do not know if this is true, but I was really very tasty. It is also widely known for seafood cuisine, a myriad of ways of preparing all sorts of species that live in clean, unpolluted water along more than 1700 km coastline.
 Sea and Sand Desert queen did not have time to go to the tourist jeeps driving in the desert, I think the one true wilderness, staying in a Bedouin tent, to see animals that we have been looking at the zoo. However my stay lasted only a few days, but the next time I&#39;ll think more familiar attractions of Libya.
 