IslamBosna.ba - There is no doubt that the new Israeli government, led by Benjamin Netanjahuom, faithfully represents the collective mindset of Israeli society cionistčkog. True, there are Israelis who feel an aversion to racism and fascism, but their number is, unfortunately, very small, and their impact is almost negligible. Indeed, only a cursory look at the composition of the new Israeli cabinet reveals an extremist coalition war criminals, pathological liar, racist murderers (and Hitler and Stalin-style) and full of hatred of religious maniacs who inhaled and exhaled hate 24 hour of the day. For those who do not know, Benjamin Netanyahu is an excellent pathological liar. His modus operandi was based on fraud, lies, prevarication and deception. Despite his office for public relations blurts of &quot;peace with our neighbors,&quot; this man has taken a firm stand against peace, against the creation of a Palestinian state in the West Bank and against equal rights for Jews and gentile.
 He was, in fact, delighted representative judaizing East Jerusalem by stopping the Arab demographic growth, the destruction of Arab homes and the denial of natural rights of the inhabitants of Jerusalem to build the house to get out to meet their growth. This brazen racist policy known as &quot;narrowing the Arab horizons&quot; and his ultimate goal is to expel Arab residents of Al-Quds, or at least making them possible, and to leave the town forever. Netanjahuov poisoned by racism is not just limited to the Palestinians &quot;occupied territories&quot; or &quot;Shtachema&quot; as the West Bank and Gaza Gazze often called in Hebrew. He often cited as required to take &quot;measures&quot; that the Palestinian people reach a threshold of 30%. Furthermore, Netanyahu who often invokes the concepts of civility, democracy and Western culture, especially when speaking to a naive Western audience, believes that Israel should move to a massive campaign of ethnic cleansing of Palestinians if and when the international community, especially the U.S., they tolerated such a scenario.
 1989th The Netanyahu told students at Bar-Ilan University that &quot;Israel should take advantage of choking demonstrations in China, when world attention was focused on the country to carry out mass expulsion of Arabs from this territory.&quot; For those who word &quot;transfer&quot; realize olahko should know that the &quot;switch&quot; just a euphemism for genocide. If such a prime minister, you can only imagine what they only his lieutenants and ministers Avigdor Lieberman of the gurus Gush Emunima (immigrant movement), who without any shame require that all gentile in Israel-Palestine or be exterminated or deported or enslaved as drawers of water and lumberjacks in the service economy race! Then there is the opportunistic and hopeless war criminal Ehud Barak who arrogantly insists that the army which has killed hundreds of children with white phosphorous najmoralnija armies in the world. Netanyahu is not stupid. He understands that his ideological beliefs are too grotesque and too fascist to get them accepted by the international community, including the U.S., the patron-ally Israel.
 So he will continue to seduce the world and the fog hiding the fascist nature of his government, as much as possible. Therefore be largely resort to applying &quot;subversive tactics,&quot; such as &quot;terror&quot;, &quot;Iran&quot;, &quot;anti-Semitism&quot; and &quot;Hamas&quot; in order to draw attention away from the fascist and criminal platform of his government. Shout the &quot;Auschwitz, Treblinka, Mauthausen, Bergen Belsen&quot; whenever exposed to the Israeli crimes and found the critics. Will argue that Israel will not allow themselves to descend to the level of Auschwitz, whenever it is required to cease the occupation of their homeland and allow Palestinians the right of the Palestinian people to independence and its own decision. In short, we&#39;re talking about a man who lies as much as you breathe, fraudulent politician who thinks hasbara (propaganda) and wise public relations can be more effective substitute for a fair peace process based on human rights and international law.
 This is why the centers of the world must not allow itself to be deceived and misled by this cardinal and notorious liar. Of course, I do not in any way not to say that the previous Israeli government was less corrupt than the U.S.. The previous government evil trio - Olmert, Livni, Barak - had all the characteristics of the Zionist Third Reich. What else can be said for the power that his army had ordered the destruction and burning of thousands of civilians with white phosphorus, then shamelessly claimed that it was not her intention? However, that government by many countries around the world, like the naive Europeans, considered a &quot;government of peace&quot;, &quot;liberal&quot; and even &quot;leftist government&quot; which has given new meaning to the term &quot;verbal prostitution&quot;. For us, the Palestinians, despite the legitimate and understandable fear that comes from the rise of fascism in Israel, it is better for Israel to publicly be a fascist government that followed the fascist politics, but that, as a result of deception, is a &quot;liberal&quot; or &quot;leftist&quot; government that follows the same this criminal policy.
 Let the world see them for what they are. When all aspects, one obvious villain is better than lying saint. The former is at least predictable and consistent. (The article was written last year. - Prim. Prev) Author: Halid Amajreh Translation and processing: IslamBosna.ba Add this article to your favorite online community Read comments [0 replies] There are no comments Comment Loginuj to answer
 