General Hamid Gul was the military commander of the Pakistani Army, 80-ies of the last century, and was the principle of Pakistan&#39;s ISI intelligence agency 1987-1989. Gained fame during the joint Saudi-Pakistani-American effort to provide funds and logistical support for the Afghan mujahideen, who were funded to defeat the Soviet military and political power. During the Bush administration the United States wanted to put Gula on a UN list of international terrorists, but their efforts are blocked by the Chinese delegation. In my country, Gul was bitter opponent of Asif Ali Zardari, Pakistan&#39;s president, and sought to restore the Supreme Court as a rule of law in Pakistan. Al-Jazeera has done an interview with him during a brief visit to Doha. Al-Jazeera: You recently said that Taliban future, and past Americans in Afghanistan. Yes it is a little excessive? General Hamid Gul: The Americans are defeated.
 This may be because of their firepower and their power is weakened, but because their people a lot and you are tired of their engagement in Afghanistan. Now they are tired and exhausted, and exhaustion is a big threat and the worst of which a nation can suffer. No chance to keep Americans in Afghanistan. Al-Jazeera: Does it can lead to the government of Hamid Karzai is overthrown? General Hamid Gul: Karzai no more. He is now fighting for his own life. Already, he says that by the end of the year they have on their shoulders the responsibility of security in Afghanistan. But what gave him to accomplish? Nothing! In fact, more civilian casualties in military operations will further weaken Karzai&#39;s position. Al-Jazeera: Some in Afghanistan believe that the increase in the number of civilian casualties reinforced the Taliban progress? General Hamid Gul: It is not just about it. Civilian casualties were caused to become popular Taliban movement in Afghanistan, about 80% of the population supports them - the people of Afghanistan is a lot of corruption.
 Enough influence their warlords and drug barons, and the U.S. occupation. That the situation was slightly different, that the operation was a quick entry and exit after completing the job, the situation would be different. Americans are not doing so. If they wanted to break up Al-Qaeda, they are to succeed in first year, and after that they should withdraw. But the fact that they stayed and paid their true intentions in Afghanistan, until he came to power by U.S. President Barack Obama who began to talk about withdrawal. Last December, Obama said that the U.S. would withdraw from Afghanistan. Hillary Clinton said the same thing, but there is a contradiction and dichotomy. On the one hand they say: &quot;We will stay in Afghanistan&quot;, but on the other hand, they performed a new operation, devise new plans to send additional reinforcements, and invest in additional training and building the Afghan army. However, they do not give money to build the Afghan army - just 140 million dollars.
 Compare this with the cost of a single American soldier in Afghanistan a year - a million dollars a year per soldier in Afghanistan. They now have about 68 000 soldiers. Currently it costs them about $ 65 billion, just for those soldiers. Comes new reinforcement of 30,000 troops, so that the cost increase to 100 billion dollars a year in Afghanistan. United States is deeply responsible nation and how will you afford this? Something about 57% of Americans say in polls that they do not like this war and they want their boys back home. Americans can not submit a victim, that&#39;s their problem. In order to compensate, they began to hire security contractors or mercenaries, mercenary, about 104 000 currently in Afghanistan. What does this mean? To be used by mercenaries in places where they can not deploy troops? We have already seen what they did mercenaries in Iraq. Americans are becoming more and more dependent, because the U.S. military can not tolerate the victims, and employing mercenaries, not just the U.S. but also from the local population.
 This is a very dangerous development and the belief that mercenaries can get wars and bring back to their political objectives of some countries. This means that whoever has more money can hire more mercenaries, get wars, conquer territories ... Al-Jazeera: Based on all this as you said, how do you think will play a new U.S. and NATO offensive against the Taliban? General Hamid Gul: It will fail. I think it is a &quot;razzle-dazzle,&quot; and that he has the political purposes of those Americans home. There is no political goal for Afghanistan. They say they protect the civilian population, but they displaces civilians from their homes at a time when very bad weather and difficult conditions in Afghanistan. Cold winds from the steppes of Central Asia are now blowing in these areas. When you run such a military operation, it is inevitable that people will be evicted from their homes and their fields are abandoned.
 I do not know what Americans are trying to achieve in this situation. There are many question about what are their political goals. Every military conflict must have some political objective. I can not conclude and understand any political objective. Al-Jazeera: From the strategic point of view of Pakistani involvement in Afghanistan is obvious, especially for India. Now that Pakistan has nuclear weapons, how important Afghanistan to Islamabad? General Hamid Gul: We want a friendly Afghanistan. We know that India creates disorder and bloodshed in our country ... Mossad is very active in Pakistan and they provide advice and technical support to Indian intelligence. Therefore, Pakistan must have &quot;covered the back&quot; because no country can wage war on two fronts. We need to have a friendly Afghanistan, and that does not mean we have to dominate Afghanistan. Nobody can dominate Afghanistan, a country that was already buried two superpowers, and that stores up to bury another superpower in its own territory.
 No, this is not Pakistan&#39;s objective in Afghanistan. Al-Jazeera: Does the failure to stabilize Afghanistan had an impact on the security of Pakistan? General Hamid Gul: Yes, indeed this is the case. Conflict is not only because of an incompetent government in Kabul, the puppet government. The real reason for conflict is the occupation by the Americans. If they go in that period, after the occupation of the Organization of Islamic Conference and the Muslim countries need to come and play their role. Then Afghanistan will recover. I do not think that Afghanistan will be another Vietnam for the Americans because they say they will withdraw. Obama is a president who is very clear. In his final address to the nation I think that was clear enough when it did not deal with terrorism rather than focusing on internal matters such as health, unemployment and debts. It seems that he focused on domestic rather than foreign affairs. You can not focus simultaneously on two sides.
 Al-Jazeera: Violence has increased in Pakistan after the departure of Pervez Musharraf, the former president. Pakistani Taliban threaten towns and villages, and there are tensions between the parties in key ports like Karachi. What is needed to stabilize Pakistan again? General Hamid Gul: It is a political clearing this mess. The rule of law has taken root in Pakistan. Unfortunately, among the most powerful politicians and generals, when they come on line, whether it is martial law or civil democracy - they want to keep jobs in this country according to their own desires and plans. And here we turn in the wrong direction. Political institutions must be placed on the correct basis, the Supreme Court and Parliament have to get on his strength. Now, all power is deprived famous 17th amendment, an amendment to the constitution that was passed during the reign of dictator Musharaffa 2003rd year.
 This amendment gave the power of the office of President, and to allow circumvention of the constitution, so that leadership is independent of the choice. Asif Ali Zardari, Pakistan&#39;s president, is now in power and he refuses to change. So 17th amendment should be repealed, Parliament must gain power, the law must be established by the Supreme Court and the army should not interfere. Then things will start to come into place and we will move in the right direction. Al-Jazeera: Do you think that the U.S. helps Zardari to stay in power because he was cooperative in the so-called. war on terror? General Hamid Gul: I think there are distinctions in their positions and they do sometimes criticize. American journalists were attacked in the past, Zardari, but are now silent. Americans are afraid to return to the Supreme Court of Pakistan because he can judge that the U.S. drone attacks breach the sovereignty of this country.
 If this happens, the parliament should act upon the decision of the Supreme Court to change its policy. Americans are skeptical and suspicious of it and know if the Supreme Court&#39;s ability to act in Pakistan, it would probably decide against their interests and policies in Pakistan. Al-Jazeera: Do you think the government will survive the next election? General Hamid Gul: The government will survive, but I am sure that Zardari will not. I do not want to be a pessimist, but I doubt that Zardari may not have much time to stay in government. Al-Jazeera: In recent years, U.S. officials have blamed you that you have close ties with the Taliban and Al-Qaeda. To respond to these accusations? General Hamid Gul: No, it&#39;s not true, I have no such connections. As for Al-Qaeda, just say: give evidence of the 11th September. I still have not even accused Osama bin Laden, which means that you do not have strong evidence against him. The whole story is yet to come out in public.
 In my opinion, it&#39;s all a farce, because it is the action derived from the inside. I appreciate the Taliban and supported their struggle and their resistance. I give them moral support because I previously had a strong relationship with them. I have kept strong ties with both sides. Many of the Afghan government are my good friends. Since the Taliban represent the national spirit of resistance, I have to give them your vote and your support. Americans have sent my name, the UN Security Council to put me on the list of sanctions and make me declare an international terrorist. It fell through because the Chinese knew the truth and they have blocked such a move. Basically, Americans do not have anything against me. I saw their charges and I answered them in Pakistani media that publish in English. I told them that if they have something against me, let him present it, and I agree to a trial. What have I done wrong. I have my own moral principles.
 Americans talk about freedom of speech, it is obvious that what I say hurts them because it reveals their dark actions. I do not want to use the word &quot;interests&quot; because they currently produce American politics working against the interests of their peoples. If I say something is right or wrong, use your right and ultimately to the benefit of the American people. Al-Jazeera: Ali Zardari was once told Western journalists that you are &quot;political ideology of terror&quot;? General Hamid Gul: I wrote a letter to Zardari and in it I wrote that I was the ideologue of jihad, which is a common and normal thing for us Muslims. He is a Muslim like me and believe in the Quran. Terror is something else. I do not support terrorism, jihad is our right, when the nation was attacked and oppressed. According to the UN, national resistance and struggle for the liberation of the law. We call it jihad. Source: Al Jeezera / Revolucijaonline Processing: IslamBosna.ba Newer news items: Older news items:&gt;
 