&quot;If the current trend, we will in the final of the 2010 World Cup. On the ground to see only reserve team!&quot; (Former Brazilian football player and best scorer of the Bundesliga Giovane Elber of a flood of yellow and red cards at the FIFA World Cup in South Africa) Bildunterschrift: Umpiring decisions that almost no one has figured out (Part 1): exclusion Klosea (Germany) Fanu average football these days head surely circulate the following thoughts: Poor Is the world championships, where most stories about the cold, official balls (Jabulani), and - judicial errors. And indeed: in the former during the first World Cup on African soil in the worst shape are presented just so. dividers justice. &quot;The difference in the quality of some judges of the meeting is simply too great. The rules are not followed consistently and uniquely. And what we expect from the judges!&quot; With these words, some of his former colleagues openly criticized former judge with the FIFA list, and the current head of the judicial commission at the German Football Association (DFB) Herbert Fandel.
 Judges on the beach The biggest problem of the judges at the tournament, some of which come from &quot;small&quot; football countries such as Mali or the Seychelles, is obvious at first sight: they have no experience with the game on such a high level. These judges obviously unsafe moving at a great football stage. At the European Championships judge only judges from the old continent, who have regular engagements in the Champions League (Champions League), which means the competition involving the best teams of the world. Bildunterschrift: Umpiring decisions that almost no one has figured out (Part 2): exclusion Gourcuff (France) &quot;Some judges should judge a football match, and another should be tried on the beach, so the menu is angry Swiss Ottmar Hitzfeld commented (in) quality Trials Saudi-Arab &quot;man in black&quot;, Khalil Al Gamdija a considerable number of records that he shared. Among them was a red card for Behramija, one of the reasons Swiss defeat (0:1) against Chile.
 Swiss tabloid &quot;Blick&quot; on the cover was a little more direct than Hitzfeld and the judge called &quot;devom. Ironic commentary on the SP-account judges arrive from all over the world. New Zealand captain Ryan Nelsen commented on FIFA&#39;s claim that the World Cup the best judge of justice dividers. &quot;If these are the best judges, that FIFA has to offer, I do not want to see the worst.&quot; A Secretary DFB, Wolfgang Niersbach, he jokingly added: &quot;Judges can throw records like that in the summer clearance sale.&quot; FIFA (of course) is silent Herbert Fandel is aware, however, that the FIFA World Cup can not send only the judges from Europe: &quot;The aim should be standardization of the quality of judicial performance, regardless of where they come from. So transparent system of education. And of course, a little more carefully select judges are nominated for the World Cup! &quot; Bildunterschrift: Umpiring decisions that almost no one understood (3
 part): Reid (New Zealand) catches up to his head after the award of penalties for the Italians to FIFA for now do not respond to a discussion about the judge&#39;s failure. Especially football federation president of the World Joseph Blatter to ignore this problem. He was in fact at the last World Cup in 2006. in German publicly criticized the bad judges. And now as if the earth swallowed. The only official comment was made (and challenged the journalists present salve laughter) chief judicial committee of FIFA, the Spaniard Jose Maria Garcia-Aranda: &quot;At the tournament we have seen an extraordinary hearing!&quot; O where the tournament is just a story by Mr. Garcia-Aranda? Author: sid / sma Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 