Hypo Bank Rejects dismissal or criminal prosecution of employees who admit to improper actions. People who voluntarily hand over the bank and provide specific and valuable information to resolve a scandal that they can count on will not apply. About 8,000 employees received via e-mail letter to 7.siječnja 2011 offers a deal to cooperate and amnesty. &quot; Tender Administration with custom bank Hypo Alpe Adria on Wednesday (03.11.) Via e-mail and bilingual in German and English. E-mail was addressed to eight thousand collaborators in Germany and branches in Southeast Europe. The bank&#39;s management and head of Hypo Bank Gottwald Kranebitter pointed to an example of how similar problems had fought Siemens. Kranebitter stressed that Siemens has a very good example of successful problem solving in the past. From Siemens pointed out that the company is introducing provisions on amnesty expedite the process of solving the problems of the past.
 Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Siemens as a model for the Hypo Group Kranebitter hopes that the Hypo Bank to accelerate the solution of their problems. 2011 Hypo Alpe Adria bank wants to be in a position where it can direct the view into the future. Amnesty program for users not protected, however, of the same criminal prosecution for serious crimes. Kranebitter is said that the bank can not protect its users in the fraud, but that experience has shown that the judicial authorities certainly take into account the offender&#39;s remorse. &quot;Firmly refused unprofessional and unfounded accusations&quot; an offer that the bank offers its associates as follows: &quot;If you explain your role in all, we will not touch.&quot; Hypo Bank, however stress that this is not a program denuniciranja others. &quot;We start from the fact that the staff help clarify issues that are themselves involved,&quot; says the head of Hypo Bank. It is usually on the issuance of loans and lease financing.
 &quot;In such transactions are included still more bodies,&quot; says Kranebitter. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The 60-odd cases in the Hypo group can not be without a goddess of justice independent ombudsman is already active, and its task is to review the alert and its affiliates. After that, specialists passed the government of his proposals. &quot;There are no further additional contacts between the Bank and its affiliates. Is not intended to exert pressure upon any&quot; guarantees Kranebitter. Hypo Bank in a letter addressed to his colleagues looked for information that might help, and this may be just the documents that can be used in court. The letter states the following sentence: &quot;resolutely rejects improper and unfounded accusations.&quot; Hypo Alpe Adria Bank to date has included the judicial organs in 60 cases, in ten cases, requesting the payment of compensation. Author: Alen Legović, Brussels
 