The entire season of Formula 1 is turned upside down! Disaster struck the fastest team on the track, and Vettelov Webberov Red Bull, all of which used the double F1 champion Fernando Alonso who triumph over the lead in the overall standings and grab the third title in her career. Start a new F1 racing on the track Yeong was delayed nearly two hours due to heavy rain and standing water which drivers work seemed impossible. There was already clear that the sorts of things happening this Sunday. When the race finally started, Vettel has opened a convincing lead, and leading the overall standings Mark Webber finished in the fence and picked up while Nico Rosberg who is an awesome race started and pushed the top right. Safety car had to go out on track ... After the &#39;safety car&#39; removed from the track Sebastian Vettel again opened a safe lead, ahead of Alonso and Hamilton and Massa, a great Michael Schumacher passed Button to make it to fifth place.
 But, again took a big crash, Buemija and Glock, and the safety car was again circulated in the path. Sebastian Vettel on the tragically lost points and dropped out of the fight for the title (Reuters) Hamilton broke up in the box in front of Alonso, but this it has gone after the restart, due to large errors Briton who went too wide in one corner. Vettel is still a safe lead and was on the verge of taking the lead in the overall standings. And then catastrophe: the engine blew him 10 laps before the end. The Red Bull team as it is haunted ... &gt;&gt; VIDEO Webber: This is a disaster&gt;&gt; Alonso calm after his triumph: yet nothing has been done! Fernando Alonso remained calm just finish the race and take the lead in the overall standings. The Spaniard reached the fifth victory of the season and now has 11 points ahead of Webber. Hamilton returned to second place in the fight for the title, but he will not be easy nadokanditi backlog.
 On the floor is finished and Felipe Massa, in his absolute best race of the season Michael Schumacher came up to fourth place. Germany suffered a great lot of criticism in recent days, but again everyone has shown to be prematurely written off. Do points have yet arrived Kubica, Vettel, Kobayashi, Barrichello, Heidfeld and Hulkenberg. The next race will be driven for two weeks in Brazil, and last for three races in Abu Dhabi. Grand Prix of Korea, the results: 1 Fernando Alonso (Ferrari) 2:48:20.810 second Lewis Hamilton (McLaren) +14.9 third Felipe Massa (Ferrari) +30.8 4th Michael Schumacher (Mercedes) +39.6 5th Robert Kubica (Renault) +47.7 6th Vitantonio Liuzzi (Force India-Ferrari) +53.5 7th Rubens Barrichello (Williams-Cosworth) +1:09.257 8th Kamui Kobayashi (BMW Sauber) +1:17.889 9th Nick Heidfeld (BMW Sauber) +1:20.107 10th Nico Hulkenberg (Williams-Cosworth) +1:20.851 Overall standings Drivers: 1
 Alonso (Ferrari) 231 points 2 Webber (Red Bull) 220, 3 Hamilton (McLaren) 210 4th Vettel (Red Bull) 206 5th Button (GBR / McLaren) 189 Overall Constructors: 1 Red Bull-Renault 426 second McLaren-Mercedes 399 3rd Ferrari 374 4th MercedesGP 188
 