@ Danimir poor is that the human mind and character that does not respect the decision of the majority 50% plus one vote. This is just proof that they accept only force that is stronger for people like you only considering the argument. In terms of my how to call this a Pearl of colleagues who are in my humble opinion I think her voice to support the Israeli terrorist act of trained killers have no need to explain anything in particular, because as I said, imagine that you belong to those raised in the spirit of ethics and morality and a sense of reverence for the victims of violence, contempt and condemnation of the bullies, tyrants, persecutors and murderers deserve. Frankly I am sorry that some esteemed colleagues have forgotten that the principles, good education, consistency and sense of right and wrong as well as pregnancy, or if there is or is not. About how deep the abyss into which you fell talking and your obsessive belief that one FOR or AGAINST not lost reputation, and life taught us that a FOR or AGAINST destroy not only human destiny, but also the fate of nations.
 All the misery and the deficiencies of your home and your educational philosophy of life showing a series of bad arguments, the defense argument that even in the ten dailies would not manage to enumerate and explain, but here&#39;s one to make use of your vocabulary, pearl type of understanding of democracy &quot;a la Danimir&quot;, &quot;O, the most prevalent? Something like Slovenian referendum. &quot; Danimir Well do not you confess that the result of the referendum are binding, or is it just a new proof of how much you care and love this country and its citizens. Make no mistake I am not a supporter and a supporter of the sale and issue of Croatian interests, nor Croatian Shipping and handing spoiled and gramzivoj gangs lopovskoj from Brussels, but the decision of Slovenian citizens and citizens took off one barrier that we receive are those who do not like us. Should I comment on it yours. &quot;Insinuiraš those who supported my diary and posts, and not a bit, actually podcjenjuješ them.&quot; Maybe I&#39;m wrong, but when you Danimir has been proven many times that it is vain to write a blind and deaf to speak and explain.
 Perhaps with someone like you who Danimir brings into question the credibility and democratic value of the decision Slovenian referendum and votes for and against this pollitika.com our community, one should apply the method to be applied for calibration or calibration time. Namely: It is known that all measuring instruments from time to time be subjected to calibration or calibration, because they tend to move away from realistic values. So they then compared with a control instrument, their shift in glucose values registered, and so when they later use, we must bear in mind how the parameters that we obtain with the help of these instruments stand out from the objective value, and after some calculations we arrive at objective Mijer. These improvements in glucose mainly occur due to fatigue, or some other reason. It is scientifically proven that this is happening and with our brains, because the ravages of time and the heavy burden of life leaves no one spared.
 Oh yes I almost forgot to respond to the fetishism with your phone and your tendency to feel something when you would be willing to accept and appreciate the importance of votes for and against this pollitika.com our community, I knew the answer to what yours: &quot;Maybe a little but enlighten you&#39;re (not) moral character (again, do I need to ask what is the truth of what is reaching out to me?) I&#39;m afraid, nothing can be perceived, so you&#39;re blinded by hatred and obsessed with my malenkošću.&quot; I think the top response in any way, but if you Danimir even these few hundred words and finger to show it is not enough, then you I can not help but be happy you are at your service.
 