Islamic Republic of Iran was represented by Minister of Economy and Finance Sayyid Šemsuddin Hoseini who was at the forefront of high economic delegation IR Iran. At the economic forum in Kuala Lumpur have been discussed various economic topics including new developments in the world economy, trade, invetnost and technologies associated with the new requirements, trade and investment opportunities and creating rivalries and competition in transport. Sixth international economic forum of Islamic countries was completed in last Thursday&#39;s final reading of the statements, which points out the need for confrontation with the consequences of the economic crisis that galloping from the West, but also explain the appropriate and effective measures to create an obstacle to the development of financial and economic crisis in Islamic countries . President of Indonesia, Susilo Bambang Judhojono, during the speech at the opening ceremony of the Economic Forum in Kuala Lumpur said that the above conditions in the world an excellent opportunity to change the Islamic Ummah in the 21st century.
 From Islamic countries sought to take advantage of all existing capacity and economic potential, especially due to experiences in severe economic crisis that destroyed the West, and to take a lesson from these events and do not repeat the mistake they committed earlier Western capitalist governments, and spoke of the need for urgent formation of strong economic fundamentals and foundations of Islamic countries. President of Indonesia said that only half a percent of world investment fund Islamic countries concerned, so he sought the realization of greater cooperation between Islamic countries on joint investments in the world. Prime Minister of Malaysia, Datuk Seri Nadžib Tun Razak, during his speech at the opening of the World Islamic Economic Forum World Bank proposed the establishment of new energy by the Islamic countries and said that Islamic countries must move towards the exploitation of new energy sources, especially alternative and clean energy.
 In the final statement of the economic forum concluded that Islamic countries are working on forming a bank of new energies in order to face the possible energy crisis in the future. Sayyid Šemsuddin Hoseini, Minister of Economy and Finance of the Islamic Republic of Iran is on the economic forum in Kuala Lumpur, stressed the need for signing of trade agreements between the Islamic countries, creating conditions for cooperation between private sectors of the Islamic world, but also investing in the stock exchange in Iran, calling it the stock market excellent opportunity for foreign investment. Sayyid Šemsuddin Hoseini, Minister of Economy and Finance of the Islamic Republic of Iran said that in Iran recorded an increase in foreign investment amounting to 60 percent. Minister Hoseini at the sixth International Conference of Islamic Countries in Malaysia announced that in spite of economic and financial crisis and the 35-percentage reduction in foreign investment in European and highly developed countries, the acceptance of foreign investment in Iran, as compared to same period last year, had a growth in height of about 60 percent.
 Minister of Economy said that the acceptance of direct foreign investment in Iran, an indicator of high potential and existing supply in Iran, and has confirmed he expects the growth trend of foreign investment in the country. In his speech, also urged foreign investors to engage in joint investments in the Iranian economy, adding that the government in Tehran is ready to support the legal measures of foreign investors, so it is ready to protect and support all the foreign investors. Forming a common foundation for investing in Islamic countries is still a topic of the speech of Iranian Minister of Economy and Finance, where he stressed that this is an urgent need for the present time, as well as the use of national currencies in mutual economic and financial transactions of Islamic countries and stressed the readiness of the official Tehran to actively expand and strengthen the economic and financial relations with other Islamic countries all the facilities, and a willingness to cooperate with the global economic foundation of the Islamic world on the preparation and implementation of practical operations with the intention of executing the above goal.
 Minister of Economy and Finance, Islamic Republic of Iran pointed to the deep economic and financial crisis in the world and its impact on the world economy, as is the case with Greece, and added: &quot;After two years from the start and spread of this economic and financial crisis, predictions show that the world&#39;s experts and experts in economics and finance, not only were able to resolve the crisis mentioned, but even they were unable even to predict, they have no mechanism to manage and control the crisis and its resolution, but that able only to its crisis blame others for the world economy, in terms of adverse financial shocks. Hoseini Minister said that the big lesson of the Islamic countries and their economies to promptly use all the economic capacity of Islamic countries in the world economy and financial markets, adding &quot;Islamic organizations, because of respect for religious rules and laws, elimination of interest issues, they are able to withstand these crises, as demonstrated in recent times.&quot; Sixth international conference, Minister of Economy and Finance of the Islamic countries began on Wednesday in Kuala Lumpur the presence of several of the President of the Islamic countries, a number of Ministers of Economy and Finance, Islamic countries, experts in economic and financial developments, and today it completed the final reading of a declaration emphasizes the need for immediate confrontation with the consequences of global economic and financial crisis.
 At this conference in Kuala Lumpur, with the slogan preparation for the restoration of economic life, was attended by about 2300 economic and financial experts from Islamic countries. The final statement is dedicated to the need to find suggestions and solutions of the current economic crisis, which destroys the European and American economies and financial systems, so that the economic representatives of Islamic countries have decided to mutually prepare a stable financial system and present it the Islamic world to prevent the spread of economic and financial crisis of the West in his yard. This agreement is also an excellent opportunity to Islamic countries in the field of expansion of mutual relations in the field of strengthening the joint and individual investment in the economies of Islamic countries, but also to face the upcoming economic challenges. Economic forum of Islamic countries in Kuala Lumpur was held in conditions where high speed is continuing the process of globalization.
 Theme of globalization and the notion of changing economic and political structures at high levels raises the question whether globalization has become a factor in the spread of poverty in the world, especially in developing countries? Analyses show that over two decades, with the final nineties, at least 24 developing countries rushed to develop the process of merging the world economy, or that they have reached to some international standards, including higher annual income per capita, life extension lives of their citizens, and better education. These countries are the index of 5 percent economic growth was an excellent example of liquidity and progress. A large number of developing countries such as China, India, Hungary and Mexico have adopted a kind of economic policy options that have made their presentations and placement of its products in international markets, which is actually led to a sharp increase in their gross national income.
 With all these, the merger process of globalization, has not been successful for all countries in the world. Based on recent reports, more than 2 billion world population, especially residents in the subtropical desert and the African Sahara, the Middle East and the countries of Central Asia have experienced a slowdown in economic growth and spreading poverty. This condition is an indication of the fact that globalization has not provided the interests of all developing countries. But the removal of certain problems of these countries depends on many factors. Among these factors are improving conditions for foreign investment in domestic economies, as well as efforts to improve economic conditions in these societies. Experts say that developing countries could achieve economic growth, but that success is conditional on greater commitment and effort, and strengthen economic and trade relations between these countries. In any case visokrazvijene industrial countries should take into account the programs of the World Trade Organization, and remove many obstacles to the development of international trade.
 These countries need to tackle the elimination of large subsidies in the agricultural sector, which amounts to 350 billion dollars. It should be noted that subsidies to highly developed industrial countries in their agricultural sector greatly impairs production in developing countries. The fact is that in the third millennium, people all over the world, compared with previous years and periods, have better connections and relationships with other inhabitants of the planet. Information and money are rapidly transferred from one place to another, and goods and services are also present in all parts of the world, which previously was not evident. Globalization is a term for the current conditions in the world. With these foreign countries that want to join the World Trade Organization WTO must trade their systems comply with international changes in this sector. Currently, a number of Islamic countries, like Indonesia, Malaysia, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Turkey and Egypt have strong economic and scientific terms and preconditions, yet affordable resources for rapid development.
 The exploitation of these resources requires the creation of large centers inventnosti and technology in the Islamic world, but also the training of professionals in these countries. This has been particularly discussed in the final statement of the World Economic Forum of Islamic countries in Kuala Lumpur. Among other items, this report presents the development of mutual trade exchanges, the fight against poverty and unemployment, but also the existence of short-and long-term economic development programs in Muslim countries. As a prelude to the implementation of certain activities, you need to work on the signing of mutual economic and trade cooperation agreement, particularly among Islamic countries. Among these measures are certainly reducing taxes, customs duties and indices, the trade sector cooperation and mutual relations. According to the conviction of experts, religious, cultural and political similarities between the Islamic countries are good opportunities for their advancement in the international field, but also corresponding elements in the development of mutual relations among Islamic countries.
 At the same time, these are not factoring in a position to independently resolve the numerous problems facing the Islamic countries in the 21 century, so it is necessary that members of the Organisation of Islamic Conference should make more efforts in the execution of these items which were discussed at the World Economic Forum in Islamic Countries Kuala Lumpur.
 