American John Isner, 19 player of the world, after a historic three-day marathon victories uu first round of Wimbledon against French qualifier Nicolas Mahut to 70-68 in the fifth set, but on Friday, has scheduled two new match. After a three-act play on the field of 18, three days of duels that has secured its place in history books, who has broken all records and has twice been interrupted because of darkness, although it has not dropped a single drop of rain, Isner won Mahuta 6 -4, 3-6, 6-7 (7), 7-6 (3), 70-68. They played a total of 11 hours and five minutes. Only a fifth set lasted 8 hours and 11 minutes, of which 7 hours and 6 minutes accounted for the longest part of the match on Wednesday, when the match was interrupted when the result of 59-59. In total, Isner and Mahut played a 183 game, of which 138 games in the fifth set. They scored a combined 215 aces, 115 Isner, and Mahut 103rd Finally, the fact that fascinates more than anything else. They held a combined service without a break is a whopping 168 games, each with 84! Clearly, all these figures represent new records in tennis, a record that will be hard to ever beat that ...
 Some journalists, reporting on the match for the annals, they remembered the movie Groundhog Day (Groundhog Day), fiction comedy in which a character played by Bill Murray continually repeated the same day. Isner and Mahut played a&#39;&#39;Groundhog Day&#39;&#39;at Wimbledon, started Tuesday and ended on Thursday. They played the first round match, but were overshadowed Federer, Nadal, Williams sisters and all the biggest stars of Wimbledon and white sport ... - We played the biggest match on the world&#39;s biggest tournament - just the adventure described Nicolas Mahut, who, to the irony is even greater, only played in the qualifying total of 130 games! In the second school got Briton Alex Bogdanovic in the third set 24-22 and then in the third round in five sets beat Austrian Stefan Koubek, after losing the first two sets! Mahut was on Thursday after the drama with Isner, mustered the strength to play in the first round of doubles, in which he was a partner compatriot Arnaud Clement.
 They played against the British combination Fleming / Skupski. The British got the first set tie-break to 7-4 when the match was interrupted - due to darkness. Of course, back in the field of 18th .. Otherwise, Isner Mahuta and this was not the first duel between the two. They met two years ago, also in London and on the grass, but the Queen&#39;s Club. This match got a 28-year-old Mahut, who currently occupies the 148th in the ATP rankings, was 7-5, 6-4. - It&#39;s a shame someone had to lose this match. This is something that will never happen again. Not even close! From Mahuta I lost one two years ago, but I must admit that I am ahead of this match with him, exchanged perhaps five words in my life. Of course, not because he is a bad guy, on the contrary, but, well, so it was. Now, when we meet in the locker room at a tournament, we will always be able to remember this match and share those moments together. But I know what toys can expect from him - began his story Isner.
 Journalists, of course, most interested in that part of the match played on Wednesday. More than seven hours without any breaks. Isner&#39;s in those 118 games on Wednesday, in those 7 hours 6 minutes, had four match-balls (he had the advantage of first serve), and Mahut two break-balls ... - About what I thought? I do not know, I&#39;m not thinking about anything, especially when we get to 25-25, or something. I just wanted to inject the first service, scoring aces and-forehand winner. I know that I was at one time, it was maybe 20-20, occurred to me that it would be good now to play tie-break. But I still think that the rule of the fifth set without a tie-break at Wimbledon should be retained. This, anyway, will never happen again. He said that on Wednesday is not enough sleep ... - I slept only four sets. However, Mahut told me that he slept only three hours. Why has the match lasted so long? - I can not nor have I explained. It is obvious that we both served brilliantly.
 This is crucial. However, when both players serve a great, yet it is difficult to expect that the set last longer than, say, 20-20. I do not know, really. So I guess we were destined. In some ways I am glad that this happened, though I&#39;m pretty tired. Then otrkili an interesting ... - I did not want to play in the tournament Eastbourbeu, I felt prepared because I had a long and tiring season in the country. So I was preparing for Wimbledon practicing vigorously eight days in Tampa, where it was impossible to hot and humid. Coach I jokingly said:&#39;&#39;Now you&#39;re ready to play 10 hours&#39;&#39;. As if he knew ... However, Mahut on Wednesday acted a lot fresher than John Isner. But the result was 59-59, a French tennis player, has insisted on the termination because he could not see the ball. Isner wanted to continue playing ... - Yes, even though we is not clear why, since he obviously had more fresh. The fact that at that point could still play a maximum of five minutes.
 But I thought, whatever we play and the dark, no one will see anything, but it does not matter, just let someone else win! Thursday was not afraid of a new interruption of darkness ... - I knew that this can not happen again. However, we are headed in the same style, we kept each of ten stations, but I believed that it will not take too long. Isner this was only the second match and first win at Wimbledon. Two years ago, was knocked out in the first round. The best result in Grand Slam tournaments last year made the U.S. Open, placing eighth in the finals ... - Jasmi me that this match will mark me for all time. However, I hope you will mark my career, that is, that I will remain the most remembered only for this match. Other me seven or eight years for good results in Grand Slam tournaments. In the end, if he believes that it may take second round? - Yes, I believe I can! In the second round will play on Friday against the Dutchman Thieme De Bakker, and already the first match on Friday (from 13 hours Croatian time) on the field number 5
 Later the same day and play with the fellow countrymen in the first Querreyjom round of doubles, the opponents they Poljak Przysiezny and Israeli villages. Couples are also playing at Wimbledon in three sets won. Who knows how many games it is expected ... Number of recommendations: 0 Post on Facebook COMMENTS
 