Polish President Lech Kačinjski and a large number of Polish officials were killed on Saturday 10 April in a plane crash near Smolensk in western Russia. Among the 96 killed in plane &quot;Tupolev Tu-154&quot; the president&#39;s wife Mary Kačinjski, the former president in exile Rišard Kačorovski, bureau chief of state security Šžiglo Alexander, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Andžej Kremer, Governor of Central Bank Slavomir Skžipek, Chief of Staff of the Polish army Franciszek Gagor and other senior officials of that country. The delegation was supposed to attend celebrating the 70th anniversary of the massacre in the Katyn forest, where it killed more than 20,000 Poles. Death Kačinjskog president, who has enjoyed a great reputation, it can affect the political stability in the country. It is anticipated that a regular presidential elections held in October this year, but now under the Constitution must be held within two months.
 In addition, the question remains how quickly and how Poland would fail to recover from this tragedy and renew its &quot;political class&quot; which is now considerably weakened. It is made one step in reducing nuclear weapons in the world. Presidents of the United States and Russia, Barak Obama and Dmitry Medvedev, whose country has over 90 percent of world nuclear arsenals, have signed on Thursday, 8 April in Prague, the new &quot;Start&quot; - an agreement on reducing strategic offensive nuclear naoružnja. There remains hope that this is a new &quot;strartu&quot; in relations between the two countries, that their example would be to demonstrate to others that it is possible to achieve progress in the relationship and about important strategic issues. Prior to joining the U.S. president in Prague, the administration announced in Washington on Tuesday, the 6th April new nuclear strategy (strategic overview paragraph) that the first time proclaimed the principle that the U.S. will use nuclear weapons against states that do not possess the same and respect the agreement on Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT).
 The new political revolution in Kyrgyzstan? More than 75 people were killed and over 1,000 were injured in clashes against opposition demonstrators and police in the capital of Kyrgyzstan Bishkek, on Wednesday 7th April. Five years of the &quot;tulip revolution&quot;, Bishkek caught another wave of dramatic events - the government collapsed, the president is in hiding, the army supported the opposition, new elections are scheduled for six months. Chair of the transitional government Roza Otunbajeva urged President Kurmanbek Bakije to resign, which he rejected, and hid in the south of the country. U.S. and Russia which have a military base in Kyrgyzstan closely monitoring developments, while neighboring China has expressed &quot;serious zabrunutost. Head of European Union diplomacy Katharine Euston pointed out that this is a new phase and that all parties should be ready for &quot;constructive internal dialogue&quot;, while Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin apelaovao to calm violence and denied any involvement of Russia in the unrest in Bishkek.
 The state of emergency becomes commonplace in Bangkok. In the capital city of Thailand and some parts of the country&#39;s Prime Minister Abhisit Vedžadživa the fourth time in the past two years, introduced a state of emergency due to the protests of the opposition &quot;crvenokošuljaša&quot; supporting former prime minister Taksin Šinavatru. The skirmishes of the police and protesters seeking his resignation Vedžadžive and scheduling of parliamentary elections this Saturday injured more than 90 people. Dissatisfied with the opposition kept under the control of the commercial district of Bangkok, and Abhisit supporters from the middle and upper classes are deprived of opportunities for a good &quot;shopping&quot; for seven days, the army could soon move into action &quot;liberation&quot; of shopping malls. Japanese party scene gets new contours. Liberal Democratic Party of Japan which ruled the country for more than half a century until last year&#39;s elections, is now facing a collapsing outflow of party cadres. Former Finance Minister Kaoru Josan and several prominent older party members decided to form a new party called &quot;The Rise Japan&quot;.
 However, analysts believe that the new party should have more fear of the ruling Democrats, whose platform reminiscent of what represents the conservative &quot;liberal&quot; Josan. At the other end of the world, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, announced the date for parliamentary elections - 6 May 2010. Analysis of public opinion polls show that Labor, which ruled from 1997. was far behind the Conservatives by more than 5 percent. The most difficult mining accidents in the U.S. for the past 40 years occurred in the coal mine Upper Big Branch in West Virginia, odnevši 29 human lives. It is believed that the mine did not meet the required standards of safety at work, that there were no adequate emergency exits. On the other hand, 115 miners were rescued from the mine in northern China this week after the 28th March sludge scrapers trapped in coal mine shaft. He fears that about 200 people buried in a landslide near Rio de Janeiro, on Wednesday 7th
 April. The economics are serious indications out of the recession, especially the Canadian, whose dollar for the first time in the last two years, tied with the U.S., while the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) made a forecast that the Canadian economy will record the highest growth within the G-7 during the first six months of 2010th Chinese imports have exceeded exports in March, the Ministry of Economy presented as evidence that Beijing &quot;has no bad intentions,&quot; and that the yuan exchange rate is deliberately underestimated. China accused her podcenjena currency by 40 percent, but the U.S. Ministry of Finance still delayed the publication of reports that clearly stands out. Officially adopted the merger of British Airways and Spain&#39;s Iberia airlines, announced last year. The new company name is International Airlines, but both carriers will keep their own names. On the other hand, in Serbia this week could hear that the charge of a strategic partnership with JAT-om most interested in Turkish Airlines.
 