Dobson added that the sludge is neutralized to a level that should not pose a further threat to the environment. He said that the pH of the sludge is now below 10, which also increased the alkalinity, but still much lower than 13 at the beginning of the disaster. An unnamed official of the Hungarian water management had earlier told AFP that at the mouth of the Danube River Rabe measured increased alkalinity (pH), between 8.96 and 9.07, while the usual level of eighth The measurement was performed this morning at 8.30 am near Gyor. Toxic sludge that expired on Monday the aluminum factory in Hungary came to a river Rabe, a tributary of the Danube. In the mouth of the river Danube were first observed dead fish that is an indication of pollution. Ph value of the local water is 9.1, launched the service for the remediation of damage. High and dangerous attempts to reduce the alkalinity by adding gypsum and acid, according to HRT. Due precaution, emergency support has continued in Hungary.
 The river is a tributary of Marcel Rabe recorded the massive death of fish. Dobson said that the entire ecosystem of the river was destroyed due to high levels of alkalinity. Hungarian office of the World Fund for Nature said the pollution of rivers Marsal much worse than expected. Emergency crews distribute leaflets calling households that do not hunt and do not eat fish from rivers Rabe and Marsal, and to avoid contact with water. Our National Protection and Rescue morning announced that the team of Croatian Waters in collaboration with the Department of Public Health, Osijek-Baranja County this morning began intensified monitoring of the Danube at Batina due to environmental disasters in Hungary. Taking the first enhanced water samples from the Danube, and will continue each day next week, and then depending on the evaluation and further development of the situation. From the Regional Office of the Republic of Hungary for a disaster-in DUZS are reported to be still working on the restoration of seven villages affected by the pollution.
 Intensively working on the river and creek Rabbi Marcel to prevent pollution of watercourses. Downstream to the Danube pours plaster into the water to reduce the pH value. National Protection and Rescue was notified by the Monitoring and Information Centre of the EU Mechanism for cooperation in civil protection to the Hungarian authorities keep the situation under control and that have not yet requested international assistance.
 