Christmas 1893rd was really sad for all fans of Sherlock Holmes and the readers of London&#39;s magazine &quot;Strand&quot;. Arthur Conan Doyle, fairly saturated with the image created by and tired of the design of many stories published that year in the December issue of &quot;the last adventure of the problem&quot; followed by an illustration that shows Holmes during the battle with the evil Professor Moriarty at Reichenbach Falls Swiss, signed with &quot;The Death of Sherlock Holmes. &quot; Outcry that the letters simply overwhelmed the newsroom Strand forced Doyle to resurrect Holmes soon. And exactly 15 years after it was finished airing television series in which he portrayed the legendary Holmes, Jeremy Brett, uskrsavanja screened Holmes agreed to Guy Ritchie. Is this movie released in theaters right on Christmas, beautiful for the end of the year today Holmes fans? More importantly: if Holmes got the occasional new? The article does not contain a large spoiler.
 Jude Law fare in the role of Watson&#39;s something better than Robert Downey Holmes lies, but there is no doubt that we are, after one or two seem to continue, you could get used to this kind of Holmes. Law, after all, already has experience in Holmesovu universe: he played a supporting role in the TV series in the early nineties. Nearly seven months it was quite difficult, almost impossible to predict what will look like and in which direction goes the new director Guy Ritchie&#39;s artwork. It could happen literally anything! It is quite brave and risky even to touch such a legend as a fictional detective Holmes is a much less try to make it something new and pushing the play emotionally million fans, and there was a very real possibility that this year&#39;s movie (official site dedicated to the Warner Bros. film) to be complete disaster and failure. Guy Ritchie really decided to &quot;gamble&quot; in its attempt to &quot;modernize&quot; Holmes and &quot;compel&quot; the younger audience to walk to the bookstore and look at the classics department of Doyle&#39;s works.
 For fans of the genre detective Sherlock Holmes actually perceived as a British &quot;institution&quot;, although in the late 19th and early 20 century is no lack of stories about imaginary detectives because they are then in the UK simply through an &quot;inflation&quot;, Holmes is still my personal favorite - and a favorite of many. Although recent polls on this site gives a slight advantage Poirot (at least at the time of writing this article), I believe that Sherlock Holmes as a character much more interesting, deeper, more complex, with by far the more autobiographical elements of the author involved in Holmesov &quot;world&quot;, and often dark Victorian setting, fog obavijenog London pretkraj 19th century imagination is far more attractive than the cheerful, bright, ušminkane, clean metropolis which Hercule Poirot walking around thirty years later. The Arthur Conan Doyle and his contemporaries described as a very simple and a very complex person, what are the characteristics that are equally reflected in Sherlock Holmes.
 On the other hand, the announcement that we had a chance to watch the season looked like a combination of the classic Holmes, James Bond, even Indiana Jones. Anyone who has expressed doubts that such a concept might work in practice actually had legitimate reasons for such thinking, adapting judicial, popular characters in some new times, often known end in disaster and ruin the film at the box office disappointments or simple long-time fans. Another British icon, agent James Bond, is also not very well pass in an attempt to get closer to the final prequel film a new audience and some new kids. &quot; After those few minutes of &quot;trailers&quot; for a new Holmes could be so truly think that Ritchie mistake and decided to record a new episode of the saga Bond. At the same time, it was clear that the film will have to be designed to &quot;sit&quot; and the right Holmesovim fans - otherwise the whole thing is currently falling into the water.
 The atmosphere in the operating room at 221B Baker Street, is almost identical to the club gentleman, and enjoyed Watson and Holmes, he was disturbed by the entry of two new women in the story: Watson bride and Mary Holmes &quot;crime&quot; of inspiration Irene Adler. At the risk of potential readers that &quot;drown&quot; the excessive amount of text, mostly because of those who might be skeptical of my subsequent arguments in favor of the fact that the new Holmes Ritchiejev largely managed to film, I have to go back to Holmes&#39; father, Arthur Conan Doyle and draw some parallels between Doyle&#39;s Holmes, as I emerged in the late Victorian era, and today&#39;s movie adaptation. Stories of Sherlock Holmes Doyle has written and published more than forty years, first, A Study in Scarlet, published in 1887. and the last 1927th During this period, AC Doyle rose up from the average physician in Edinburgh and one of the highest paid writers in the country, a lot of fans Holmes is expected to get almost &quot;cinematic&quot; action.
 &quot;Strand&quot; would be sold out as soon as they were published a new story about your favorite detective, and that is a virtual death of a virtual detective affected the circulation of the magazine does not need any mention. Doyle Holmes is located in London long before he himself moved from Edinburgh, the capital, creating a dynamic, diverse and rich scene for his fictional detective, but he could have anywhere else in the country. By stimulating the imagination of readers around the British story of light and dark side of capital, which many have not had a chance to visit, Doyle is placing Holmes in London did a great job on the &quot;Hollywood&quot; way. Just as the Victorian audiences expected Holmes adventures around London it is often unknown, Guy Ritchie had to today&#39;s audience through the film back in the Victorian Era of film assets and certain makeover Holmes character - no other approach does not function properly.
 Arthur Conan Doyle was an accomplished playwright who is well understood by its audience and would probably just because of these reasons &quot;blessed&quot; the modern transformation of Holmes. Downeyev Holmes faithful to the original for its &quot;vices&quot; - tobacco, violin - but the modern edition has experienced a complete fashion makeover. Holmes elegance has been replaced by attractive, but it defaults to an unusual bohemian look. Chronologically speaking, Ritchiejev &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; is not pure prequel; fits into the story of Sherlock Holmes Now sometime after &quot;The Sign of Four&quot; (The Sign of Four), written and published 1890th year. Holmes and his faithful assistant Dr. John Watson to the end &quot;of the sign of four&quot; share the common workspace at 221B Baker Street, enjoying it, basically, as in a gentlemanly club, with only Ms. Hudson as a housekeeper and maids, and also the only significant female character - by the end of the story.
 When Watson announced that Mary would marry Morstan, their lives are finally appears people &quot;outside&quot; that breaks the &quot;masculine&quot; atmosphere and, more importantly, a new intellectual challenges for the Holmes, who has a bit west into apathy after months of not got rid of, nor any new case. How is the dating scene Holmesovog Watson bride was transferred from the &quot;Character of Four&quot; in this movie, pretty good, we can see the satisfaction that Holmes &quot;dissects&quot; Mary (Kelly Reilly), a detective trying to uncover more details of her life &quot;before Watson&quot; - even though her his brutal Honesty at the end is not too pleasant experience. Placing the &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; in a more accurate time frame, I can say with quite certainty that the film is about 1892nd year. Search the final scene takes place at Tower Bridge which is just under construction, just about at the stage where it can be seen in a photograph from that year (click the picture!).
 Despite the Gothic elements, Tower Bridge was built much later than it could be inferred from his appearance, and was completed in 1894. The reason for this attempt precision in determining a more accurate date of sequences of the film lies in the fact that a key role in achieving Ritchiejevom play some &quot;modern&quot; inventions like electricity and radio waves that might be, on the first ball, you could even act anachronistic, at odds with those years and - unavailable for the end of the 19th century. However, after a brief review of facts and dates of origin of certain inventions - such as information that the Tesla&#39;s experiments with radio waves crossed the Atlantic Ocean and just show those years in England, at Oxford - it seems that none of these scientific details in this movie is not too much &quot; tight &quot;. Rachel McAdams might, however, a bit too young to be between her Irene Adler and Downey Holmes made &quot;spark&quot; and the right chemistry.
 The relationship these two characters is also the weakest aspect of the film, everything else works far better and less forced. The story &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; brings together nearly all the elements you would expect in a sentence of Holmes adventures. How does the script written by one of Doyleovih story, the writers found a great challenge: not enough merely &quot;confused&quot; typical šerlokovske motives to be on the trail of Conan Doyle. The main story that, at least at first glance, revolves around the (black) magic and unexplained elements and spiritual, with a touch of Masonic mysticism, is really something that Doyle would be very easy to come up and I wrote - the more so after the death of her devoted husband of spiritualism , the study of rituals and supernatural abilities (for a time was friends for whom Houdini is believed to possess them). Absolutely unattainable Sherlock Holmes, Jeremy Brett, played the London detective in the TV series Britain&#39;s Granada Television since 1984.
 until 1994. Sorry, died after a long illness 1995th The biggest &quot;switch&quot; that is needed to make in my head to film viewers, &quot;lay down&quot; certainly is - to accept Robert Downey Jr. as Holmes. It will be easier for those people who have not watched any of the earlier TV adaptation, although there is no doubt that Holmes is well embodied in Downey (which includes almost perfect Downeyev English accent), certain elements of the &quot;old&quot; Holmes here, simply missing. Humor, sarcastic and ironic Holmes comments, feeling that he simply enjoys his intellectual superiority and control over the case (which would be truly could call the trademark of the detectives) - it all just here and there, at least not to the extent to which we expect from Holmes. Comparison of Downey with Jeremy Brett, of course, would not be entirely fair, but would still be better and more convincing that Downey Holmes Doyleovom closer than it is.
 The problem with Holmes, so is the kind of imagined Conan Doyle, largely lies in the fact that it is not easy to play - Jeremy Brett told him this role was more difficult than Hamlet or Macbeth? His slight &quot;lean&quot; toward a Hollywood action hero, however, somewhere had to pay a toll, even in the scenario and the role Downeyevoj suffered primarily humor that was an integral, indispensable part Doyleovih story. The writers have attempted to compensate through other characters, such as the persistent failure of French snagatora, mercenary, villain, which is obvious (and fun) reference to Jaws in the Bond series. Holmes experienced the kind of fashion turns, and in his &quot;modernijoj&quot; version works more like a bohemian, a poet or artist, but if you&#39;re not used previous versions of the sublime Holmesovo posture while on assignment (and on the diametrically opposite, only the appearance of dissolved and in its depressive phases during which the leaves morphine and opium), and a new image is easy to &quot;swallow&quot;.
 Lovers of London will be able to &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; enjoy a very vivid, realistic view of life on the streets of Victorian metropolis - especially while I think the scene on the docks of East London, markets, street entertainers in Covent Garden, panoramic view of the city and the Thames ... What really works well are two things: Holmesov &quot;action&quot; element of his brilliance, which connects evidence and - through the imaginatively staged and edited scenes in just a few seconds to clarify the evidence connected - to resolve the case. Action element in the trailer of the film was actually loaded, but here it has just enough to act convincingly and possible. There is no reason that Holmes is not engaged in combat sports, and that both of them, and Holmes and Watson, they are excellent and very resourceful in street fights. However, if you&#39;re after watching the trailers were convinced that you expect 120 minutes of action tour-de-Force svojstvenijeg Bond but Holmes - I&#39;m glad to say that it is not so.
 However, Jude Law is still more convincing as Dr. Watson, but what Downey calls the role of Holmes. Putting the emphasis on certain characteristics that Watson had not been exposed in earlier versions of - such as those that he loved women and was very fond of gambling - Law has enriched us all the famous Watson some completely new features which previously did not have much insight. Rachel McAdams well come upon the role of Holmes, &quot;crime&quot; of inspiration, Irene Adler, but it is difficult to avoid the impression that this relationship Downey and McAdams in the film almost did not work - it is arguably the weakest aspect of the film and will be quite tricky given the further study of this relations in a possible continuation. Arguably operates only one segment of their relationship, in which Holmes was simply delighted Irenin ingenuity and crime masterpieces (they have a common history, during which he was outwitted twice), but if the film should be an indication of love stories or romantic interest for Holmes Irene - to In this case, the big screen does not work.
 Chemistry between the two of them, whatever turned up here or at one point did not appear, nor the traces, even after a successful showdown with the main villain, Masonic leader Lord Henry Blackwood (Mark Strong). Arthur Conan Doyle would probably be &quot;blessed&quot; the transformation of Holmes in action hero aiming to attract new audiences to his work. Fortunately, &quot;bondovske&quot; scenes are well balanced and work in general, cinema. The charm of the &quot;new&quot; Holmes given the fact that it is not perfect: the murder was happening before the eyes and he can not do anything, and even when they try - often leaving behind chaos and destruction (the scene in the shipyard). Although quite successfully recreate the atmosphere of Victorian London, a bustling and dirty streets, warehouses and shipyards in the Docklands, and even the inspiration for the story draws from specific historical events (the evil plans of Lord Blackwood incredibly reminiscent of the &quot;Barutni conspiracy&quot; and a plan by Guy Fawkes to the air lift the entire British parliament a few hundred years earlier, albeit with very different motives), Ritchiejev &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; makes a mistake what you&#39;re Arthur Conan Doyle certainly would not be allowed.
 The story is, in fact, quite simple and maybe a hint too succumbed to the rules and requirements of the Hollywood adaptation. From stories about Freemasonry, secret boxes, plans to download world of black magic and conspiracy could be &quot;drawn&quot; and far more than it is to succeed in this film. Almost to Holmes, who tries to unravel the case of Masonic ritual murders responded much more mystical and puzzling Masonic atmosphere in which to find Robert Langdon in &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot; but this we get this film. This however does not mean that the &quot;Sherlock Holmes&quot; a bad movie. Although much reduced in the fairy tale and dark enough to feel some of Victorian London had an average Hollywood crowd, and though the Masonic plot what would be &quot;by default&quot; should be infused with mystery, not brought out the most, the new Holmes is ultimately fun and easy - works &quot;. No dull moments, there is too much stretching scenes, there is nothing to really had to be evicted.
 The mere fact that Holmes often must personally confront the evildoers is not unrealistic that precisely because the &quot;hold water&quot;: the streets of Victorian London, especially its eastern part, were not entirely safe place. Designation means that we continue to Downey as Holmes might even get used to - despite his differences with the typical vision of Holmes in a few already mentioned grounds and despite Ritchiejevom bold (and not always successful) &quot;gambling&quot; with certain aspects of the Holmes character. If Holmes is this film got a new audience that had just met, fell in love, so hurry Doyle read a story or try to find &quot;The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes&quot; with the brilliant, inimitable Jeremy Brett in the lead role, then this movie was more than welcome . By the way, if continued, a person &quot;behind the scene&quot; definitely has to go back to work on a new film: my favorite film composer, Hans Zimmer, is responsible for the soundtrack, which at no time is not too intrusive but it is crucial to the atmosphere.
 