Number 557 Tags: disaster, Moscow, Pakistan, floods, fires, Russia Release date: 20.08.2010. Written by: Tena Erceg Despite the summer and the monsoon season in Southeast Asia, floods in Pakistan and drought in Russia are not natural disasters that would be its scale could be grouped into common frameworks. Namely, the worst floods in Pakistan in the past 80 years, and UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said that this disaster is the worst humanitarian crisis which has witnessed. Were torn down many roads and railways, and over 650,000 homes, destroyed crops in the fertile valleys of central and southern parts of the country, causing food prices have soared, and is directly affected as many as 20 million people. UN spokesman Maurizio Giuliano said that the negative consequences of Pakistan floods worse than those who had &quot;three recent natural disasters together,&quot; referring to the tsunami 2004th , an earthquake in Pakistan 2005th and the earthquake in Haiti in January of this year.
 As for Russia, the air temperature was a month ago exceeded 30 degrees Celsius, and 800 fire devastated the entire European part of the country, destroying millions of hectares of forests and 20 percent of wheat crops. And while experts zdvajaju on whether the drought and floods result of global warming or just a normal cyclical phenomenon, reports from the field indicate that their effects are the result of human behavior, and as such may be less catastrophic. The capitulation of the state, in the journal Foreign Policy, &quot;says Fatima Bhutto, niece of the late Pakistani President Benazir Bhutto, the damage caused in Pakistan are the result of several decades of neglect and lack of infrastructure and systematic planning of flood control. Although the monsoon period, annual climatic phenomenon, and regular flooding, the government has not made any system of control and warning or adequate plans for evacuation and assistance.
 With the run-down infrastructure, primarily transport routes, help is not possible. Poor relations with neighboring India also kumuju inadequate control, since the major rivers run through both countries. Irresponsibility and carelessness of the authorities is best demonstrated by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, who is in the midst of the disaster had left the country with the suit and went on a European tour. Complete capitulation of the state which has considerable nuclear arsenal for decades and receives billions of dollars from the United States, demonstrated the local Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani, simply declaring that the state is unable to cope with the consequences of flooding. Gilani and Zardari rely on the international community, but even though the United Nations has asked members of half a billion dollars in aid, two weeks after the flood has just secured 93 million USD. During this time, most governments of Pakistan and the U.S. allies have expressed concern that the local army postponed the offensive along the northern Waziristan, a sanctuary for Taliban and Al-Qaeda in the war against terrorism among the Pakistani people, cause of complete contempt.
 Moreover, the war against terrorism can be linked directly with the extent of disasters in the region of the Swat Valley, whose inhabitants have suffered many times because of earlier military operations displaced by the Pakistani army, now blocked traffic, displaced persons camps. Deep-rooted corruption and austerity measures imposed by international financial institutions have further eroded the infrastructure, which is why millions of people without access to humanitarian assistance. With a relatively small number of about two thousand killed, but with as many as 12 percent of the displaced population, chronic lack of food and drinking water and occurrence of fever, diarrhea and cholera, this would be a disaster could strengthen the influence of extremists, because they are diversified with its humanitarian networks jump in where the state schedule. Irresponsible government heat wave that hit Russia, &quot;said Alexander Frolov of the Russian Meteorological Center, is a unique case in the last thousand years, and previous record, there is 1920th
 year, five times in a row destroyed in 11 days of July and August. Died 50-odd people, and Muscovites are repressed in the weeks to carbon monoxide levels three times greater than the limits of health hazards. Mortality in the Russian capital doubled to about 700 people a day, and the city was left over a hundred thousand people. According to Alexei Jarošenko of Greenpeace Russia, fires have destroyed at least three million hectares, and drew all the regions of Europe and the Ural region of the country, and destroyed hundreds of settlements and industrial and military facilities. In the last minute &quot;removed&quot; is a hazardous material from a nuclear facility in Sarov, and the fires have come and regions contaminated by radioactivity to the Chernobyl nuclear disaster, and now scientists have warned of the danger of spread of particles in the soil. The military base in Kolomna near Moscow was burned down 200 helicopters and planes and other military bases is also discharged at the last minute.
 AFP reports that the damage from the fire, the highest for agriculture, estimated at about $ 15 billion. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev dismissed a dozen military officers who were responsible for the above mentioned weapons were destroyed, but, similarly as in the case of Pakistan, analysts say that this disaster also revealed that Russian state is not nearly as powerful and organized what is being built in the country and the world. Even the pro-regime &quot;Justice&quot; written about the &quot;collapse of the state&quot;, a magazine editor &quot;snob.ru&quot; mass Gessen writes that due to poor performance of the media, who do not report at the national level, people did not know where exactly to mount &quot;while they did not fire came to the house. &quot; Because of complete centralization of the state, critics say, local authorities are helpless, and their representatives delegated from the top of the eligibility criteria absolved from any liability. Moreover, the abolition of press freedom and free elections, and the decimation of the opposition to central authority allows relaxing position in which none of it will require to bear the consequences.
 But Prime Minister Vladimir Putin&#39;s regime and was directly responsible for the extent of fires, because in 2006. The Forest Service was abolished, employing 70,000 people. According to Jarošenko from Greenpeace, along with them, control the state of forests and 130 000 workers in the forestry industry, but across Russia today there are only 12,000 people who carry out inspections of forests. Information blockade Forest Service has been abolished and privatized under the influence of wood lobby, says mass Gessen, a private company which should take account of the forest, break the fire lanes and have the resources for the fire, it does not work. In addition, Russia operates only 22 000 professional firefighters, and volunteer fire service exists, the equipment is outdated. Arkady Tisak the Geographical Institute is one of the few experts who publicly, the agency &quot;Itar-Tass, said that fires are predictable, so scientists are constantly calling for restoration of forest service.
 Jabloko Russian opposition party accused the other hand, Governor Njižnjeg Novgorod, one of the most affected region, the disclosure of information because it did not allow the functioning of the Website &quot;wyska.ru&quot;, where citizens share information on fires and coordinate volunteers for the fire. The portal was hacked, and Jabloko blamed regional authorities, because, as they say, &quot;destruction of sites that had helped fire equivalent to destroying human life.&quot; Russia brings together a powerful wheat cartel with Russia has quantities between 75 and 100 million tons annually one of the largest manufacturers and exporters of wheat. Since the fires destroyed 20 percent of the crop, the estimates for this year was revised to 65 million tonnes and reserves amounted to 24 million tons. Therefore, the government announced a ban on exports until the end of the year, to prevent the growth of domestic prices and world stock exchanges have reacted to the biggest weekly jump in 50 years, reports the agency &quot;Bloomberg&quot;.
 Although the World Food Programme announced that it has no reason to fear a repeat of the food crisis in 2008. years, some experts warn that the yield on the Black Sea area could be smaller because of the risk and sowing in August. Conservatism Russia in controlling stocks and wheat prices stems from the tradition by which the supply of grain long equated with social stability. However, resources are Russia and foreign weapons. As VOA&#39;s intelligence portal &quot;Stratfor, Russia in January formed a customs union with Belarus and Kazakhstan, and then asked them to ban imports of wine and mineral water from Moldova and Georgia, countries with which it has a bad political relations. From Belarus and Kazakhstan has now also asked for the suspension of exports of wheat, of which Kazakhstan is particularly important because it is one of the five largest manufacturers in the world. If earned, and Ukraine, which produces twice as much wheat from Kazakhstan, Russia could form a cartel that included 15 percent of global wheat production.
 