Dear Readers, Welcome to the Zadar portal - VOX portal! Follow along with us all the news related to our city and be sure to sign up if you want to try all the new features VOX portal. Below you will find the option reserved for you to more easily track all of the content site, your comments and suggestions. TOP TOPICS My Events After registering here will contain a list of events you want to track. MY TESTS After registering here will be on a list of your last search, for easy access to frequently searched terms. My Articles Once you register, this space will show titles of articles or recommend that you save. My comments follow his recent comments articles and galleries and the number of responses of other members after you commented. To use this feature you must register. COURSE - CNB EUR CHF 1 7.382405 1 5.678773 1 8.814812 GBP JPY USD 100 6.660416 1 5.565746 Course available from 11.12.2010.
 WORLD, NEWS OBJAVLJENO 23.11.2010. / 17:03 h waiting to be the fate of Ireland? The economic crisis in Spain and Portugal Author: RI - ZADARSKI REGIONAL Portugal and Spain are very close to that fate befalls them because of Ireland&#39;s growing debt on the bond market. As virtually the only way out of the crisis will be seeking assistance from the funds of the EU and the IMF. Spain&#39;s interest every day greater. Therefore, the Spanish government has limited the placement of bonds. Portugal are in an unenviable position, unless you want to experience economic collapse predicts that next year will have to seek assistance from European funds worth 50 billion euros. The Portuguese economy seems only two percent of the European economy, so the current situation should not undermine the euro exchange rate. The current debt is unsustainable in Portugal since the growth of interest on the bonds is greater than the growth in tax revenues. Spain, one of the flagship business of Europe, is struggling with a recession for two years, the unemployment rate rose to 20 percent of the concern.
 The budget cuts are imposed as a necessity in both countries with the Pyrenean peninsula. Recommendations 0 Tweet Send Email Print Save Comments - add a comment Only registered users have the option of commenting. NEWS economic crisis in Spain and Portugal VISITORS COMMENTS LATEST COMMENTS Hide
 