Palmistry is the treasure in hand and reading the future by drawing lines on the palm. Lines on the left hand is what we jeBog and destiny has given, and our capabilities. The left hand is what we the viability and strength of will upgrade or otherwise dismantle or destroy the possibility of left palm. FORM DLANA Pointed palm main characteristics pointed palm delicate grace. Almond has a shape, is wider at the top and all narrower as we approach the fingertips. The thumb is usually a very long arm paler with shallow lines. Speak to people subjective evaluation of art and all that is beautiful, a typical occupation for people who graced pointed hand are all those associated with fashion, design and cosmetics. Angular palm smooth and firm hand where the palm is usually long and equally wide. Even the fingers of a square no matter were long or short. The lines are deep and clear. A person who stands firmly on the ground with a clearly defined values, materialism, and the practitioner.
 Common interest that the selection of persons with these palm are related to making major business managers, chiefs, directors. Taper fingers and the palm of tubular smooth base, near the bottom is wider and in some cases flat. The lines are usually convoluted. Interpretation of the lines on the palm lifeline It starts between the thumb and index finger and runs around the hill to hand Venus zglobuIzgled and shape of the line of life indicates the ličnosti.Ako the shed clear of debt and without interruption, indicates good health, long life and strong osobu.Kratka slightly visible and the dashed line indicates the sensitive zdravlje.Dvostruka line indicates the long life and strong seksuanost. The line head is located above the line of life and going through dlana.Duga and deep smart people facing a variety of means ciljevima.kratka sidedness. If the line falls, the person is maštovitaa if it rises to an objective and serious pest. The line stretches from the heart of the little finger until kažiprsta.Ako line is deep, the person is sincere and sensitive.
 The line of destiny It goes from the wrist to the middle prsta.ako line begins in the middle of the palm, means success in the late godinama.Ako is intermittent points of difficulty in karijetri. She draws the line art from the line of fate to prstenjaka.Ako expressed in talent shows. The line of Mercury is located right next to the line art below a small prsta.Linija deep and strong, indicating the business has more spretnost.Ako thin linijica shows interest in science. Health Line It is often omitted or poorly visible. Deep and strong line indicates the problems of health. Line of happiness is around the wrist as narukvica.Obično them has four. In this case indicates that the ososba happy. With three or fewer points, but also the happiness promjenljivu.Navedene lines are major. In addition, there are other such su.Linija success, erotic lines, etc. The palm also includes various tags, and they also have tumače.Ako kvardata crosses and points to the difficulties and trying to live a certain period.
 Stars signify happiness, success, and often hint at inheritance. Fingers also have their own significance Mars finger an inch or if the upper part of the big toe, indicates the person who has a strong volju.Ako the lower part of the larger person has more logic than reason. Long the leader, the dominant personality. Person clear and sober mind, that the proper decisions. Very long: tyrannical nature, all work on their own. Brief: A person subject to another&#39;s influence, the heart controls the head. Sturdy: penetrating and capable person short and stout: persistent, somewhat limited person Copyright: restrained, dependable, loyal and prudent person. Supple: benign, noble, and somewhat extravagant nature. Gnarled joints: strong high energy set thumb: grasping and subject the person or Jupiter finger index finger striking the finger points to the person who is greedy important vladanjem.Ako is too short a person is exposed to other influences. The index finger is about our ambitions and the need to manage their own, as well as others&#39; fates, events and people.
 Long: A person is able to manage, leader of the same length as ring finger: a balanced and confident person, a good organizer, capable person to assume the risk upon themselves, index and middle finger of the same length: a dictator, a person who requires absolute security, folded in an arc toward the middle finger: urge to acquire, stingy, which is prone to accumulation of material goods, and long smooth: good Izleda in business, public affairs brief: a lack of perseverance and self confidence, a person who has a bad opinion of yourself thin fingers: unrealistic and insecure in middle or Saturn finger If enough expressed indicates that the person is cautious. Rights and commensurate with the other fingers brick and Sensible people, capable of planning, like loneliness long, strong: a serious thinking person, which leads mostly difficult life, often melancholic Brief: intuitive person, not ntelektualna wrong: depending on the orientation indicates a tendency towards the outer or the inner cell shriveled life: showing self-pity or middle finger to the Apollo finger or fingers of the Sun This finger points to emocije.Ako long finger points to skolonost exaggeration.
 It can draw attention to the artistic talent. Do you know that we love to give and receive the same measure, if we are creative to say the ring finger. Powerful, smooth, long: emotional balance, the desire for fame. A favorable sign for the actors, journalists, people in show business. Very long: introverted people Brief: shy person, difficulties in emotion Curl: a person who knows to match their needs and abilities shriveled: emotional and sexual difficulties Mali or Mercury finger pointing to the social talents. Normal size indicates a social person. Indicates a talent for trade, business, the ability to impose and to show their abilities. Very long and smooth: a very intelligent person, talkative, expressive, handy summary of business: a person who can work to use their skills, often unreliable person Svijen the ring finger finesse, business agility, ability in making money Curvy: a lying person who used to work Unfair means the hills of the palm are the hill and were named after the planet.
 They also have their own significance. Below the thumb is brijeg.Ako Venus is prominent and large indicates good health ijakiu physical strength. If it is too pronounced, says the passionate Venus osobu.Udubljenje the hill says that a person has a bit of passion. Mali crest indicates a lack of passion and poor health. Jupiter Crest when expressed denotes ambition, enthusiasm, concentration and ability to achieve goals. Saturn Crest if the developer discovers a studious mind that there is no lack of seriousness and frivolity, and is oriented towards the arts, nature and full of respect for the music, the solar crest when developed gives a healthy mind, charm and talent for art. Mercury&#39;s crest is characterized by someone who is quick in thought, clearly expressed, like change and travel. There are two Mars&#39; hill, the first belongs to Jupiterovaom hill and marks a brave man. If it detects a hard man pronounced in cases ekstemnim bullying, temper.
 More Marsovbrijeg means restraint, restraint, morality, self control, sense of justice. Strong lunar crest is about refinement, good taste, mystical love for nature, imaginative writing ability and inclination to poetry. Basic lines and marks on the palms This tradition is very old, and held, among other things, and because each person has specific traits and characters at hand, just as everyone has a unique fingerprint. Probably because the hand can be taken as a faithful tool &quot;to identify&quot; life&#39;s journey, like the birth chart. Let&#39;s meet up with the basic lines and marks on the palms. The first question is that the palm should face - left or right? Tradition says, looking at the palm to the left DLAN means what we get at birth, genetic inheritance, our potentials and what we all could. Right palm shows what we make of all this, or what we do with him and his life, means the actual events and what we have of their capabilities (which gave us the left hand) will achieve their own, whether we upgraded, developed or neglected.
 In this sense, many argue for viewing the right palm, but you should always look to the left to see from where the man goes, as it could develop, whether it has overcome the weakness, or yielding to them, whether he took the opportunity and whether she has a certain options that could be utilized. A good palm reader knows perfectly connect the left and right hand and give a clear interpretation of human capabilities and achievements, as well as the relations between them. On the palm dominate the baseline with almost all men, there are hills associated with certain planets, and many specific indications, as well as additional lines. In reading this text see the image to be able to accurately locate what we are talking about. Of course, you can immediately begin to study their hands. LINE OF LIFE - starts between the thumb and index finger and extends from the port to the wrist. The long and beautifully shaped means life force, vitality and a long enough life. If it is smaller than a line or a branch down, it means the period viteliteta falls, accidents, or similar misfortunes.
 If, however, the lines of life are less lines or branching upwards, they mean the opposite: a life-force which overcomes the problems of people and wins after a crisis which is even stronger. Jake deep spot on the line indicate the crisis, while interruptions can mean periods of reduced vitality, but if the interruption will continue, the person recovers. Mere length is debatable. In some interpretations of the orientation taken 2.5 cm from the joint, so if the end of the line of life so far from the wrist, explained that it was the age of about 70 years. • Head - extends beyond the line of life and cuts your hand. Long, deep and beautifully shaped a person who is simply smart, and that your mind can understand more complex things. The shorter, even deeper, a person who is unable to comprehend only simple things and see only one side of the coin, ie can not connect it all things in general.
 If this line tends downwards, meaning that the person has a strong imagination and is well used in association with reason. If however the line head up bends over, a person who knows only dry objectivity, and can be pre-rational or even boring. When the head line and life line are the same ishodiše, ie starting at the same point (where in this case merged) označavju person to lead the life of reason, which is prone to standard forms, on their way to live and act properly. When these two lines are separated, it is a person who can be very lucid, original and often very talented. The path of life that it creates, or that she just happens to be very interesting and full of events that you can later tell the story like a hunting story. Line Hearts - going in the opposite direction from the first two lines and is located above the head. The long and beautifully shaped means a person whose feelings are genuine, human, and that is compassionate.
 Unexpressed or short a person who does not attach much attention to the feelings or who is on his way emocinalno immature. The smaller the spacing between the lines of heart and head lines that reason prevails over feelings. LINE OF DESTINY (career) - extends from wrist to middle finger. If properly designed and nicely, people follow their way of life without major earthquake. Should develop into a zig-zag system, then the person passes many twists and turns to succeed, but if there is, succeeds. If you start later, for example, means in the middle of the palm, indicates the later success, that is usually in another part of life. If this line does not exist, people will probably have a unique life path different from most others. Interruptions on this line usually indicate problems, but if the line goes, people still stop at their feet and develop their careers and status. If the line is the fate of developing the ring of it, or there is a fork in the line to the ring that goes to the Sun&#39;s hill, this is a line art.
 These people have expressed a sense of beauty, were cultured and usually very talented. If the line art is another parallel lines (the other side of the hill, Mercury), it is about MONEY LINE, a person who has a line of art and money line, it will probably be able to make money thanks to his talent. Of course, that with these creative people, the rule that if these lines begin or become more pronounced in the middle of the palm, followed umejtnički success and profits in the second half of life. Jupiter HILL - located under the index finger. Whoever it is pronounced (a bulging, stronger, bigger cam in relation to the other, or with many lines on it), open, broad mind, but likes to dominate. I do not know the low and vulnerable and difficult to recognize the limitations. Cross on the hill (apparently the star) denotes happy marriage. Saturn HILL - This is the area below the middle finger. If stressed, the person is serious, always carefully planned and all the checks and was a runner in the long run.
 It is capable of a long, hard work, a cost only a well-deserved achievements. Which way can be selfish, and especially the case if the heart line ends on the hill. Some people below the middle finger and ring finger have a bow, so. Venus Circle. When a closed can mean certain disappointment in love, and when it is open means that a person will emerge from the difficulties of love and that will successfully recover from them. If he has more such arcs, it is a person who simply presenzibilna is its sensitivity is difficult to handle. SUNČEV (Apollo) HILL - It is the area below the ring. We have already mentioned the creative people and artists which it passes the line of art, but if the hill is also emphasized by means similar artistic inclinations. These are usually generous people who know how to recognize the beauty in life, and understand and enjoy the same. Mercury HILL - this is the area below the little finger. If the crest is emphasized, means people who are skilled, communicative and have a knack for business.
 If the line of fate line that separates developed by Mercury hill or just below this hill, and runs straight down, it&#39;s a Mercury LINE. Who is there, business is very capable, it makes sense for business in general, it is usually a good communicator and coordinator, and clever in business. Many small lines that extend vertically below the hill of Mercury means intellectually activities. Mercury lines below the hill that stretch parallel to the line of the heart and have a starting point on the outer side of the palm are called line connection, contacts, and some call them lines and Marriage. Usually show how much longer, lasting, important relationships you have through life, and some will be converted in to a marriage. Some interpretations suggest that it is on the lines that indicate CHILDREN. The greater the distance from the start line of the heart to start this year or in line to be a longer relationship, marriage (or in some income to the child) for a long wait, ie
 to realize later in life. It is also lower under the Mercury finger can extend a vertical line to the port open to the outside of the palm. This is a line of HEALTH, and many people actually have. If stressed, means the person who will have health problems in life. Venus HILL - The space below the &quot;thumb, or rather between the thumb and the line of life. If pronounced crest means a passionate person who has a rich love life, is attractive to the opposite sex, a similar mean and if there are many lines on the hill. If the line with the hill of Venus &quot;interfere&quot; in the line of life, means that in certain periods significantly influenced the love life of the person, or that a large part of her life orchestrated eros. Pronounced toe with almost &quot;square&quot; means the joint strong-willed person who easily led, managed and dominated. Mars HILL - there is a &quot;foreign&quot; by the hand around the space between the lines of heart and head lines.
 Evident provides high energy, entrepreneurial spirit, a person is active in life. If the crest of unexpressed, that seemed to &quot;fall&quot;, it is a person who never has enough power or it lacks that spark that would have prompted the action. It can also mean a kind of laziness. Lunar HILL - this area is also a &quot;foreign&quot; by the hand, and below Mars&#39; hill. We have already mentioned that if it develops the lines of the head, the person has a strong imagination, and even inuticiju. The same applies if the crest is emphasized. The lines on it usually means not only described (imagination, deeper insights), but the journey. People lined the lunar hill often travel in life, even on longer routes, or have a life filled with many or unusual events. Later they called almost legendary. And one more thing about signs. Point, especially if they are deeply incised, usually indicate the unfortunate events or crises.
 You can locate them easily in the age period with regard to the length of the line on which they are located. NETWORK various linijica by hand usually means twists and turns, obstacles and problems related to areas where they already are. STAR CROSSES and are usually good signs. First give protection or warn and protect, while others stressed the potential and characteristics of areas where there are in the best sense. Shorter lines that intersect other more commonly refer to important decisions, and also highlight the potential of the lines or areas where they are located. When it comes to a crossing, be it higher or lower, usually the rule is that if the branch going up (towards the fingers), this means that a person will fail to overcome that what is found and will renew their strength and vitality. Branching that go down means the opposite, ie that it is unlikely that the person solve the problem in which the title or it will not come out the best in any event be found.
 