The program bases the Chetnik movement in the former Kingdom of Yugoslavia expressed the desire to create a new territorial formations, solo or in its box, called Greater Serbia. These desires are actually turned into a project that is aimed to the new state to be &quot;cleansed&quot; from &quot;non-national elements and minorities&quot; or to live in her ethnically pure Serbian Orthodox (Serb) population. To implement these ideas into action, it was necessary to form military units and using them to use a large amount of violence and terror against all those who either oppose this plan, or just have the misfortune to live in the territory of which claimed the Chetniks. The function of Greater criminal policy is made and the Dinara Chetnik Division, which is trying to meet the challenge (which the program files, as fulfilling orders Mihailovic) encountered numerous obstacles.
 Are best performed tasks that did not lead to fighting with the partisans, but looting, terror and slaughter because the opponents were mostly unarmed civilians. This has yet fulfilled part of its plans for &quot;ethnic cleansing of Croats&quot;, because the Chetnik crimes because many Croats fled these areas and thus make room Chetniks. Thus, in early August and early September 1941. was the rebels (managed by the communists, among whom are engaged and Chetniks who were prominent in the crimes), south of Bihac (except only B. Petrovac) cleared by the Croats and Muslims all areas to Knin and Livno, and they all who failed to escape from the rebels were killed in a cruel way, and robbed of their movable and immovable property and destroyed. For example, in the Bosnian Grahovo and around 27th July 1941. there was a massacre of 90 Croats, mostly civilians by the rebels who were carrying and the Partisan and Chetnik insignia.
 Among those killed were five women and nine children. Were burned and looted all the Croatian houses in the five surrounding villages (Obljaj, Troughs, Luke, cinders and Crni Lug). Bosanskograhovskog Pastor George Gospodnetic Chetniks after torture nabila on a skewer and roasted alive. The leader of the Chetniks who have committed these crimes was Branko Bogunović. In Drvar are on the same day the rebels (the Chetniks and the guerrillas and the location of a main rebel headquarters), carried out the massacre of some 400 Croats, of which only about ten percent of any armed Ustasha and their associates. Insurgents that day made an attack on a train in the forest where there were about 200 Croats who have returned from Knin to Drvar, and that when most everyone killed, including drvarskog pastor, which they cut off his head and carried it to the stake. The same was Krnjeuša Croats and their pastor. (1) In the spring 1942nd The Chetniks were beginning to organize a mysterious, tightly controlled group which had caused great discomfort and unease in the population, particularly among the Croats and Muslims.
 It was the group formed by the three Chetniks, as executive formation in each brigade, and were called&#39;&#39;troika&#39;&#39;. The idea of forming triplets gave Draza Mihailovic. Mihailovic third svibnja 1942nd, moving to Montenegro, radio dispatch reported Dr. Slobodan Jovanovic, President of the Yugoslav refugee governments to Radio London revealed: &quot;The head of triplets in Yugoslavia ordered to be more work, but nothing story&quot;. The head was Draza Mihailovic. The sole task of black triplets were slaughtering people who have branded the famous letter &quot;Z&quot; (slaughter). Even in the function of slaughter and put the radio to London, because the name of who should be slaughtered was announced over the radio. In this way, the advertised 75 names, and the last name is advertised 11th September 1942. According to some data, the number of slaughtered exceed 10,000. (2) From 29 August and 4 September 1942. about 1,000 Chetniks Herzegovina, in the Italian military action &quot;Albi&quot; against partisans in Biokovu, committed mass looting, arson and crimes against the Croatian population.
 Only in the large parish in places Rašćani Cetina, Parish Biokovska, Prawns and Dragljane, slaughtered, shot and burned about 160 Croats, including three priests. The commander of the Chetniks, Major Peter SAS, reported on 5 D. Mihailovic in September that more than a thousand Ustasha killed, while his snow did not have a single dead or wounded. (3) That the trio operated in Croatia, we can see from one Djujić orders. He transferred command of the superior command: &quot;To preserve the territory and people from the violent removal of the Communists in areas that they currently hold, access the most urgent organized četovanja one time in all these districts. Send couriers to all the young people and that through military organizations, which remain on the field, organized by Chetnik fighting strength of the triplets to the Company and the Independent Battalion ... let these units attacking their small parts, background, Commerce, staffs, and some looting their food, weapons and ammunition.
 Principle of operation: a quick and sudden attack from all sides, and then quickly fading away. &quot;(4) Robbery Chetniks was the constant occurrence, and even in those that they control and where they lived mainly by Serbs. We see this from the command Dujic which seeks to stop the plundering. &quot;Despite the worst neredaba issued orders that the robbery may not be made absolute, it happens very often that individuals at the expense of the reputation of our organization made robbing National assets. Once a command to stop a robbery and for all, because I will shoot anyone who is on this command Ogres. To requisition any property from anyone the Knin district in the territory must not be made without prior approval from the District Commander of Vlad Novakovic, who is responsible for the order, work and peace on its territory as well as individuals on the same property, so the charge and ovlađen to make decisions in the case of military necessity of requisitioning or punishment. &quot;(5) The Partisans were aware of the need to sanction the crimes committed by the Ustasha, Chetniks and the occupiers and for this reason, the Supreme People&#39;s Liberation Army Headquarters sent a command to all the partisan headquarters to collect evidentiary materials that will be a means for locating and identifying &quot;villains&quot; and their victims, and as a means of publicity for that part of the people that crime is not sufficiently informed.
 He points out that in many places there are caves in which the victims were thrown, so you need to take pictures of the hole, and all places where people &quot;were tortured and slaughtered.&quot; It is also important to pay attention to the collection of classified documents from the archive of the enemy, and gives an example of how even the smallest arms station has valuable data because these becomes the rule lists some of those killed and slaughtered victims. (7) The reference to revenge was stressed as the main motto of Chetnik. During the 1942nd, especially in autumn, Chetnik terror in certain moments assumed mass forms. Terror as a rule implemented in actions that were organized together with the Italian invader so it was under his auspices. Italian intervention in terms of preventing crime, were more formal in character and have come later. Since the spring 1942nd in certain military actions Chetniks and the Italians in northern Dalmatia, Lika, Gorski Kotar and liberated from all the villages were often burned, robbed and killed mainly Croats, who was identified as the communists and partisans.
 Particularly targeted were the activists of People&#39;s Liberation Movement, members of the Communist Party and partisan troops and other organizations NOP and their families. The proclamation that it was the beginning of December 1942. Like intended population and western Bosnia, as &quot;the commander of the province and the Dinaric area,&quot; he commanded all Đujić Chetnik units to &quot;occupy all the towns and villages and take all the power in their hands - absolutely seducing military courts.&quot; He threatened - all settlements that provide resistance, Chetnik forces &quot;to destroy the foundations,&quot; whether Serbian or Croatian (8). Chetnix group of about 130 people, led by Mane Rokvić, in the vicinity of Omis, in the village of Gath, 1 listopada 1942nd Croats massacred villagers, it would then be sent to the villages Naklice, Čisla, Ostrvica Zvečanje and there and make a new mass slaughter of Croats, looting and arson. Two days later, followed the killing of Croats in the villages Dugopolje, Kotlenice, Srlajne Dolac and above.
 Identified a total of 120 people, mostly elderly, women and children. NDH authorities have argued that the massacres would have been even greater had it not been partisan intervention. (9) pop Dujic Chetniks and Dams on 21 Bogunović listopada 1942nd in Bitelić, near Sinj, under the supervision of the Italians, killed 29 Croats, and Otišić six, on fire while 220 Croatian companies. According to the report by the Italian General Paul Berardi, commander of the division&#39;s &quot;Sassari&quot; from Knin every Catholic, tortured and slaughtered. (10) In January 1943rd the Chetniks led Dujic the SAS went into action in the villages Kijevo, Kosori, Maovice, Vrlika, Ruzicka, Otavice, Gradac and Kričke where they looted and burned houses Croatian, and how brutally killed about 100 Croats, raped women and girls. One strace nabila were alive at the stake and roasted until he died. Mihailovic was informed that in Kiev and Vrlica SAS shot 55 in Maovice and Otavice Đujić 48 Ustasha, though all were unarmed civilians. (11) Dalmatian Chetniks in February 1944.
 in the villages of Dubrava, Danilo, and Goris Radonić killed 30 Croats in the village of Promina Nečmen 4th April killed 10 Croats in the area of 12th Skradin November 27 Croats. Chetniks Dinara Chetnik Division, headed by the Duke Momcilo Djujic when switching from Dalamcije in Istria end prosinca 1944. in Bribir, Grižane and Tribalj in Crikvenica killed 32 Croats, 70 houses on fire and Bribir church. (12) The report of Captain Franz Kovac of 23 February 1944. Djujić see how they behaved Chetniks Skradin brigade. So he says that the Chetniks and the Brigade raped one girl and killed her boyfriend and another man who opposed the rape. It also says in the villages of Dubrava Bilice and some Chetniks killed several people to be hands on their private property. (13) Dinara Chetnik Command field at the beginning of 1943rd issued orders to the subordinate units to continue captured partisans not give the Italian army, because for them to establish a central prison (camp) in Kosovo near Knin.
 He received the first prisoners in March 1943rd Because of the life of detainees and terror that was implemented against them, the people of Knin Krajina called it the &quot;other Jasenovac.&quot; In it not only brought the partisans, but also many civilians (children, women, elderly), Croatian and Serbian nationality. The camp commander was a gendarmerie sergeant Dusan Ilic. Detainees, among other methods of torture and the so-called rolling. &quot;Popov barrel&quot; (named after Djujić because it was his invention). This is the barrel was actually a large cask, bound with steel hoops and pressed on all sides from the outside with nails so long that they were edged nails inside. The barrel would be closed detainee, and then rolled down the slope. In this way, the nails are pierced on all sides of detainees, and on that occasion and some bled and died. (14) As regards the number of guerrilla casualties in Croatia, he has not yet been determined, it is only a part of guerrilla casualties recorded, especially if they crossed the partisans, and the vast majority are.
 If someone wanted to sign Chetnik sacrifice brought up in danger and I suffer. Dr. Igor Graovac for the needs of their doctoral dissertations managed 1995th individually to collect the dead and 2786 missing persons from the Chetniks. (We mention that the U.S. request for extradition Dujic M. Duke, commander of the Dinara Chetnik Division, Croatia, the same person charged for about 5,000 victims). Latest published žrtvoslovi with the separate list of Croatian victims significantly increase the number of guerrilla casualties. Regardless, Graovčev number of guerrilla casualties on a given site should be analyzed with regard to the place of death, to determine under whose territorial jurisdiction of this space belonged to (the Chetnik units - whether Dinara division or Chetniks from Herzegovina, etc. ). Of this number of civilian victims of 79 percent waste. Most of the casualties were in Dalmatia (57 percent) and Lika (24 percent).
 Of the total number of victims, about 12 percent of the casualties in the area of Knin. (15) Victims of Chetniks were mostly men (three quarters), and considering the social status of peasants belonging to the corpus of 87 percent of victims, and workers were up eight percent. When looking at ethnicity categories it is among the casualties were two thirds of Croats, Serbs, a third (this is more than double the share of Serbs in the Croatian national structure - these were mostly Serbian partisans and their families). The victims were killed in the following ways: killed (less than a third), shot (28 percent), slaughtered (20 percent). (16) Among the victims of the Dinara Chetnik Chetnik divisions (areas), and many Croats and Muslims from Bosnia and Herzegovina ( especially in Grahovo, Drvar, Bos Petrovac ...), but the scale of the tragedy should be still investigated. Notes: Articles from the series &quot;RSD tetnik division&quot; Chetnik organization in Croatia until 1941.
 The Chetnik movement 1941st in Serbia and Croatia program basis Chetnik Movement internal structure of the Dinara Chetnik Division Ratio dinar Chetnik Division and the NDH government Dinara Chetnik Division and the national liberation movement of the Dinara Chetnik Division and the German occupiers relationship dinar Chetnik Division and Italian occupiers character dinar Chetnik Criminal Division and its consequences Departure Chetnik Division of the Knin Krajina and the Allies Dinara Chetnik Division - Conclusion Tags spammers Quote this article on your site To create link towards this article on your website, copy and paste the text below in your page. Criminal character of the dinar and his Chetnik Division posljedice20.04.2010. The program bases the Chetnik movement in the former Kingdom of Yugoslavia expressed the desire to create a new territorial ... Croatian Historical Portal Preview: Criminal character dinar Chetnik Division and its effect on 20.04.2010.
 The program bases the Chetnik movement in the former Kingdom of Yugoslavia expressed the desire to create a new territorial ... Croatian Historical Portal Powered by QuoteThis © 2008 Hits: 1671 Comments (0) Show / Hide comments Post a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 