Dow Jones below 10,000 points again on Thursday the Dow Jones index plunged even below the psychologically important level of 10,000 points for the first time since early July, due to new data about the drastic drop in sales of real estate. In July, sales of new houses in the U.S. fell for 12, a current as much as 27 percent compared to the previous month. The sale of the house dived to the lowest level since 1960-ies, since these data are kept. Although interest rates on mortgage loans to a record low, falling house sales since April, when they eliminated the tax deduction on the purchase of first homes. Consumption - 2 / 3 of American GDP, and this shows that the consumption of Americans because of high unemployment and uncertain economic situation is not strong, so it is difficult to expect the acceleration of recovery, given that consumption makes about two-thirds of U.S. gross domestic product. Investors are worried and weak labor markets. - Companies do not create new jobs because we do not know how they will increase costs for health care reform and financial system.
 In addition, they are afraid to increase taxes, which could adversely affect the consumer, - said Frank Ingarra, portfolio manager at Henessy Funds. Fed warns of worsening situation to a recovery of the American economy weakens, confirmed on Friday revised data showing that gross domestic product in the second quarter rose 1.6 percent, while the first estimate spoke about the growth of 2.4 percent. On the worsening economic situation and warned the U.S. central bank chairman Ben Bernanke. At a conference of central bankers in Jackson Hole Bernanke said a recovery of the U.S. economy weakens more than expected, but that the Fed is preparing the next steps if it will be necessary to boost the economy. It is ruled out with a double-dip recession. Japan and Europe in the red because of that, the volume of trading on Wall Street is still well below last year&#39;s daily average traded in a very unsafe.
 And most European stock prices have fallen stocks last week. However, London&#39;s FTSE index strengthened the lean six points at 5201 points, but the Frankfurt DAX fell 0.9 percent to 5951 points, while the Paris CAC 0.5 percent to 3507 points. In Tokyo the Nikkei stock market index last week fell 2 percent to 8991 points.
 