Croatian Parliament discussed the report on the implementation of the Constitutional Law on National Minorities and the funds were allocated for this purpose from the state budget for 2009. year. Deputy Prime Minister Slobodan Uzelac said the report shows further progress in realizing the rights of national minorities, the largest, he said, has been made in achieving education and cultural autonomy through the work of associations and institutions of national minorities. The continuous increase in resources for minority rights is positively assessed by the European Commission, said Uzelac. He noted that last year, with 157 million, compared to 2008. increased by one percent. Good standards should continue to turn into a reality of life, said Deputy Prime Minister. Most parliamentary clubs backed report clubs parliamentary majority backed a report on the implementation of the Constitutional Law on National Minorities in 2009.
 They agree that the legislation that guarantees minority rights, Croatia has reached a high level, but called for more effective implementation of these regulations. The report was most critical of Sime Lucin. On behalf of the SDP has expressed dissatisfaction with what is in the seventh year of the Constitutional Law concludes that Croatia has made considerable progress in realizing the rights of minorities, although constitutional law, he said, inadequately implemented. He called on the Government to the allocation of budgetary funds, and without clear criteria, the only thing that seems to ensure the implementation of minority rights. To exercise the rights of national minorities, have some time to submit the request because they have no obligation to use those rights, he warned Uzelac. Is SDSS supported the budget because of the political trade? Individual parliamentary debate marked the SDP member Nenad Stazić. On the provision of budget funds for the Community Council of the municipality of Vukovar, which does not exist as a legal entity, see the danger that a political trade for money.
 I will not talk about the political aspect, whether it is created or not, is it time updates Border. The danger I see something else. In the political trade for money. Is this 1.5 million was the price for yesterday&#39;s budget vote, he said. From the HDZ and the SDSS is denied. Dinko Buric from HDSSB also warned that there is a problem of rational and purposeful use of funds. He said the state to buy flats and houses members of the Serbian national community in 2008. set aside 1.5 billion and in 2009. one billion, while at the same time he raised the dust and noise of about 30 million annual aid to Croats in BiH.
 