European debt crisis entered a new critical phase, because Ireland is resisting pressure from the European Central Bank (ECB) and European countries to seek rescue in a time when once again raises concern about the fate of the euro zone, according to The Wall Street Journal (WSJ). While Ireland denies talks on financial aid, European officials say there is no pressure on Dublin to seek help. Concern over the euro rose after the Portuguese Foreign Minister Luis Amado openly speculated about the possibility of Portugal due to problems with repayment of debt could be excluded from the eurozone. Portugal faces a &quot;scenario out of the eurozone&quot; if it fails to solve its economic problems, said Amado for the Portuguese weekly newspaper. Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou mentioned in an interview with the possibility of extending the deadline for repayment of 110 billion dollar package of financial assistance, and these comments have raised fears of investors that Greece is on its way to bankruptcy in spite of financial assistance.
 But Europe is most concerned about Ireland, says the WSJ. European officials have privately urged him to ignore the Dublin national pride and to request assistance in the hope that it will avoid the repetition of many months of agony in the first half of this year when Greece was on the verge of bankruptcy when it came to the survival of the common European currency. German and French officials insist that the decision about whether to help or Ireland, not only in Ireland. Time wants to show that there is no pressure in the euro area of large countries to smaller ones. Irish people are against the idea to seek help because this move would badly affect the opinion of foreign investors about their country, fell to the reputation of the Government in the country and would pave the way for foreign interference in the Irish Finance. The Irish Government believes that it does not threaten the solvency or liquidity crisis in the near future because there is no payment of bonds and that has sufficient cash reserves in spite of the recent investor flight from the Irish debt.
 However, Irish Justice Minister Dermot Ahern told RTE state radio in that the country could seek help. Ministry of Finance talks with European officials about &quot;market conditions&quot;, said Irish Minister. By the stalemate over Ireland came at a time when European finance ministers are preparing for a meeting in Brussels which starts on Monday and on which to discuss possible support. If European governments this week fail to agree on a unified approach to Ireland, market pressures will likely continue, according to WSJ. After several months of relative peace after the EU helped Greece and the establishment of the fund for the rescue, the signs of decay of the financial system in Ireland, Portugal and other peripheral countries in the euro area re-stimulate the concern that the EU would not be able to cope with the increasing borrowing the weakest member of the eurozone. European leaders last week again argued that investors will be forced to bear the consequences of any rescue and it has contributed to the stabilization of the bond market in the region and the euro.
 But politicians are still concerned that they do not solve the Irish problem could rebuild a sale. The last debate comes six months after EU governments in cooperation with the International Monetary Fund established a fund for the rescue of 750 billion euros to help the weaker members of the eurozone economies. ECB and other European lawmakers encouraged Ireland to accept the rescue to restore confidence in its solvency, and stop the spread of unrest in other markets in the eurozone finance, said the officials. Many European officials believe that better respond to problems before the market is forcing Ireland to take action. Postponement of the Greek rescue this spring almost led to a collapse of investor confidence in the entire eurozone. The crisis has so far been mostly limited to smaller countries like Greece and Ireland that had obligations with which the EU is relatively well managed.
 If, however, the crisis spread to Spain or Italy, it would be a great temptation to put the possibility of the EU to pay for rescue. An attempt to rescue one of the larger countries would rather tighten relations in countries like Germany, where more and more citizens do not want to pay the debts of other euro members, the Journal said. However, some officials from other eurozone countries responsible for the care that would be (too) early in the rescue of Ireland, a few months before you will have to deal with possible lack of money, could cause the market pressures on the other rescue. The Irish Government would have to parliament in early December to present the budget. ECB&#39;s officials are concerned that it would, because of the increasing confidence in financial markets, it could be too late for a concrete plan to reduce the deficit. Officials advise to use the Dublin European Fund for emergency loans in order to implement a credible budget and rekapitalizirati the banking system that is in decay.
 The ECB believes that control the IMF and the EU over the Irish budget, which is a prerequisite for the Rescue, created additional international credibility of the Irish-saving measures. The Irish are trying to rein in budget deficit this year that the forecast could exceed 30 percent of GDP. The Irish government still does not want to accept an expanded program of savings that would probably have to accept if you ask European aid. Close sources say that the EU package included a strict political agenda, which would be drawn up in cooperation with the IMF. The Irish government has repeatedly said she does not seek salvation from the EU or the IMF. Irish Finance Minister Brian Lenihan told RTE Radio Oneu that Ireland, despite much speculation, has not sought the assistance of any institution. The government on Sunday denied that it is negotiating with the EU to accept help. The Wall Street Journal says that this view is the Irish Government increased the concern of European officials that the situation could worsen before a key ministerial meeting.
 &quot;Our European partners are eagerly waiting for the problem,&quot; said Irish Finance Minister Lenihan. He added that Irish officials are in constant connection with the ECB and the European Commission. &quot;Changes in the Irish economy could adversely affect direct investment, which represent More than two thirds of Irish GDP. This is well above the EU average which is around 20 percent, says the WSJ. &quot;Boldly we will fight, and she&#39;ll be,&quot; said Danny McCoy, Director General Confederation of Irish companies and employers in Dublin . Ireland is doing everything in her power to keep their destiny in their own hands. &quot;The government of Prime Minister Brian Cowen will be a big challenge to retain the support of representatives from those of the prime minister&#39;s party Fianna Fail, the Green Party over to the independent deputies who are not satisfied announced major budget cuts in their communities, says the WSJ.
 