A spokesman for BP and today had to deny speculation that the company will seek bankruptcy protection, stating that (yet) have sufficient funds available to meet these challenges. However, if the company earned blows coming from all sides? The answer is quite clear: the party that her name was British Petroleum, and Americans enjoy the slapping, the multinationals nothing is done to prevent or to heal this crisis, and all those billions are just part of the play for the American and world public. The situation in the Gulf is at present only insofar as it improves BP manages to increase the amount of oil that manages to scoop up or burn it, but it&#39;s still a small portion of the total amount that ends on the surface of the sea, carried by currents to the shores of the United States and Mexico. Tomorrow would be the site of destroyed oil platforms to appear and the third ship, which should help to increase the grip of oil. However, the next few days and nature will be actively rebel against BP&#39;s efforts, so the plan could easily fail.
 In fact, hurricane season is already on the threshold, and, according to the meteorologists, cyclone, which is just at the moment is developing the Caribbean has a 70 percent chance that within the next 5 days to develop into a strong storm. But all that the sea remains calm as oils (this sounded good in English, because the oil and oil used the same word!), It is unlikely that any of these efforts to stop the leaking oil. At least judging by past experience. 31 years after the last big oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico, it is obvious that the escalation of energy crisis, oil companies have invested tens of billions of dollars in order to extract all the oil beneath the bottom of deeper waters that smoothly taking profits, and anything that is not invested to develop new technologies that would prevent that in case of damage occurs to the ecological disaster of this magnitude. A few days ago, Rachel Maddow from MSNBC and his show aired in the reports of a similar catastrophe 1979th, also in the Gulf of Mexico.
 And then the leak was caused by an explosion preventer on the well, as was the name of the operator paltformi (Transocean!) a week have been mentioned navlas same techniques to stop the spillage of detergents on the surface of the sea, throw mud and cement into the hole, so until najaktualnijeg siphon bells to collect oil. And just nothing worked until half past nine months after the damage has not been finalized parallel odteretne well! 31 years later, it is obvious that after the tightening of the energy crisis, oil companies have invested tens of billions of dollars in order to extract all the oil beneath the bottom of deeper waters that smoothly taking profits, and anything that is not invested to develop new technologies that would prevent them from case of damage occurs ecological disaster of this magnitude. It is unlikely that the current administration is Barack Obama knows that none of the existing techniques for closing the wells may not yield satisfactory results, and it is quite clear that the White House so agrees in advance and becomes an accomplice in a play-BP and (let&#39;s not forget that Halliburton), which , so far as we know, still do not even think about parallel drilling of relief wells, which in this case were tremendous costly and complex.
 And if all this is the case dealt with the same speed as the aforementioned failures of 1979. (Several times a shallow sea), it would mean to us in the best case, there is still at least 7 months of agony in the Gulf of Mexico. Illustration: FreakingNews.com And now someone asks whether to put a moratorium on the exploitation of seabed in such sensitive areas where there are virtually no safeguards? Barack Obama went to this requirement is still a step further than expected, down the public and the media, but the big question is whether he has the power to play so obviously against the interests of the energy sector. Has the world changed in the meantime, however, whether the consequences of the collapse of the global system bankovng help in this ecological disaster, unlike those of 1979. Does not sink into oblivion? Governments have recently swore in the establishment of a new banking system, which will prevent a crisis like this from which we have not yet gone out, but it seems that the determination has long dissipated.
 Will the same be with the oil companies? Oil man, as well as bankers, need to adjust the level of their profits to the fact that the periodic crises can not be avoided, provide funds and the mechanisms of this crisis may at least mitigated. Government and government might at last realize that still may not save taxpayer money such an irresponsible company, or at least their owners or shareholders. Oil man, as well as bankers, need to adjust the level of their profits to the fact that the periodic crises can not be avoided, in its business include the cost, to create funding mechanisms that the crisis may at least mitigated. That means you have to take less to create a sustainable system. Do they not allow the business in which at any time draw the maximum out of business profits, and that at the time of the first shift the burden of the crisis on the backs of their clients, and finally back to all taxpayers.
 The perception of corrupt bankers and dirty oil men who run countries and nations will disappear only when a system that will be for the benefit of all, in the translation - sustainable. Is it naive to expect governments, deeply soaked in the interests of multinational companies have the courage and determination to create such a mechanism? And in both cases, the bankers and oil companies? Hope still exists, however, naužas, partly based on the fact that the scale of this environmental catastrophe far surpass the proportions already forgotten the disaster of 1979. just like us from the oblivion of a banking crisis can save you - oh, God help me - just a continuation of her!
 