Darko to me in an interview testified that he sometimes during the game on the Chinese stadiums through his thoughts prostruji Domaljevac and Posavina. Touching! Once planted in the heart, the homeland of the entire life germinate within us, wherever we found their physical bodies. The old saying goes - do not fall far from the pear tree. I once Darkov father Mark was an accomplished footballer. Mark has remained in my memory as a robust but focused player, strong but thoughtful movements. Mark was a great worker bees on the ground. I remember the scenes in the game on Jelas Domaljevac to Mark unstoppable rushed out to the line and the ease with the ball at his feet pretrči most of the courts usually leaving a few opposing players behind. His style is reminiscent of the current Croatian footballer Ivica Olic. Actually, Mark has thirty years ago was the forerunner of the modern footballer, he played without the ball - their race and moving in space without subjecting the balun headache opposing teams and their players.
 In space without the ball today, the foundation of soccer tactics and strategies. Marko Matic is a professor of German, and, behold, correspondence, his son, Darko, in addition to playing football at the top level, it is a real polyglot - Languages: German, English, French, Italian, Spanish, Slovak, Portuguese and Chinese. S, whenever I can, glad to lead discussions on various topics, but football has always come first. Mark talks about football and thoroughly collected from the gaming experience, and I listen actively and with a background in journalism - I remember the story. Ivo Andric, would say: &quot;Carefully listen to any other person, because you never know in whose mouth you hear the word that you need.&quot; Mark I recently discovered that he often Darko says: &quot;Dad, most of the players prepared to play.&quot; In this Darkovoj sentence, in fact, is key to its success and resistance to injury. Darko, who is 29 years, injuries were so far remarkable career almost entirely bypassed.
 His mother, Dara said she is most important when the phone after the game Darko told from distant China, and said that everything passed fine, no injuries. &quot;When I hear his voice I immediately easier,&quot; says Dara loving mother.
 