The jury chose the best among the 322 received the work completed the design competition for the design bench to coach track at Jarun, as part of the SIT DOWN! ZAGREB about which we wrote here! At the tender was received an impressive number of papers, even 322 variants bench, a jury composed of: Anthony Bogdanić, Albatros Media Manager, the initiator of the project, Vanja Žanko - Filip Trade Collection curator, Ana Boljare - architect, Andrea Herzog - a product designer, and Marko Tadic - visual artist, reviewed and evaluated the tender papers and selected 18 bench. The realization of this unique project, organizers want to position Jarun as a new cultural and artistic tourist attractions of the city of Zagreb that will permanently enrich the cultural and tourist offer in the long run contribute to the promotion of Zagreb and Croatian. A member of the jury, Ms. Andrea Herzog said: &quot;The essays received are copyright works of sculptors, architects and designers from all over the Croatian, and each profession has given a different answer on a given topic.
 In selecting papers jury took into consideration the following criteria: feasibility, safety and durability of the bench, but special attention is given to creativity and innovation solutions. Selected 18 papers have shown all these qualities and the jury was extremely pleased with the solutions offered by the exceptional response. &quot;Authors and author groups together 18 selected promising young names of the local scene and have confirmed the authors in the field of architecture, design and visual arts, and in order to have Ana and Marta Dumbović Muždalo, Margita Grubiša and assistant John Cooper, the group - a studio for industrial and graphic design, Daniel Smith, Anna Krstulović, Zvonimir Kuhtić, Sasha Meničanin, Maja Mesic, Predrag Pavic, Nika Pavlínek and Damien Prizmić, Philip and Pintar Bernard, Cesar, Anja Rankovic, John Sučić, Jurica Forestry, Philip and Robert Tadin Jozic, John Tudek, Ranko Vukovic and Ivan Sting and Associates John Cooper, Marin Jelčić, S. Mitrovic.
 Setting the first produced work on the coach route will start in autumn 2010. when the planned inauguration of the &quot;SIT DOWN! ZAGREB, &quot;and other works will be redeemed for production and post successively thereafter, depending on the interest of potential sponsors. Congratulations to the winners! Ana and Marta Dumbović Muždalo Margita Grubiša and associate John Cooper Group - studio for industrial and graphic design Daniel Smith Ana Krstulović Zvonimir Kuhtić Meničanin Sasha Maja Pavic President Predrag Nika Pavlínek and Damir Pintar Prizmić Philip and Bernard Cesar Anja Rankovic Ivan Jurica Sučić Sinković Philip Tadin and Robert John Jozić Tudek Ranko Vukovic Ivana Sting and Associates John Cooper, Marin Jelčić, Sasa Mitrovic
 