The Government announced severe penalties for owners of factories and bauxite aluminja. Use the Adobe Flash Player 8 For more advanced options for viewing video please install the Adobe Flash Player 9 Adobe Flash Player 9 can be downloaded here Loading ... Add video to your blog of news in 17: The construction of dams save more videos of news in 17: The construction of dams Salvation 01:18 17 THE NEWS: The Danube continues to clean 00:09 consequences of pollution in Hungary 07:08 Toxic sludge ruined life rivers and creeks 01:27 ecological disaster in Hungary 00:36 Cleaning the toxic sludge at 02:30 e the factory where it all started (Reuters) MAL company who is to blame for the biggest environmental catastrophe in the history of Hungary, would pay 73 million euros penalties. Four thousand three hundred workers with machines frantically trying to build a dam and win the battle with time. The new dam will be long and two hundred and seven feet high. He has completed 70 percent of tomorrow should be in operation and thus prevent the repetition of the disaster.
 &gt;&gt; Director Arrested tvrornice aluminum, and Kopacki Rit potentially in danger of growing discontent among citizens sui zgubili their homes and looking for the sharpest punishment for the culprits. Rain will complicate rescue &#39;situation is more or less the same thanks to good weather, but we still have a couple of days with such conditions as it will then get rain. Until then, we have to finish this dam, &quot;said Gyoergyi Toettoes from the Hungarian Ministry for the disaster. So far, eight hundred residents were evacuated from the village Kolontar. Toxic sludge is contaminated all the rivers in the area, but the situation in the Danube has not alarming. At least so say the experts, but neighboring countries are still closely monitoring the situation on its territory. &#39;This is a crime, they destroyed many lives especially here in e the. Now we breathe the toxic dust whenever the wind blows west, &quot;one exasperated residents of devastated areas, which is considered the most responsible owners of the factory aluminum.
 Responsible company under state supervision Hungarian police arrested the director of MAL, which owns the factory aluminum, and at the same time the Hungarian government has decided to take control of this company. He was arrested Zoltan Bakony, the son of one of the co-owners of the company, which was determined three days after bringing him into custody. &quot;Hungary&#39;s biggest environmental catastrophe caused by the human carelessness, because the hazardous substance is released from the factory operated by the people,&quot; said Prime Minister Viktor Orban. &#39;The company responsible for the catastrophe of red mud should be put under government control, and its funds blocked until answering all four questions, &quot;said Orban, adding that it is necessary that everyone affected by the disaster to pay compensation to preserve jobs in factory, to determine the person really responsible for the failure to check possible danger to other facilities and businesses. &#39;Because that was not a natural disaster, but the damage caused by the human factor, the cost of disaster may not be borne by taxpayers, but those who are committed and the damage, &quot;he added.
 &#39;In light of what happened, we have reason to believe that some people were aware of the dangers for very weakened tank walls, but they opted out of personal interest to them are not worth repairing and hoped that there will be problems, &quot;Orban said the MPs . Danube in Croatia are still clean Regarding the situation in Croatia, the Danube at Batina and remains clean and Croatian services continue twice a day, taking water samples at the inlet profile of the Danube in Croatia. Tests for alkalinity, as well as testing for the presence of heavy metals did not show any discrepancies. (AJ / Hina) News / World VIDEO: Miracle survived a terrible crash 12.11.2010 / 11:01 Americans tested the cannon that fires a projectile with speed ... 12.11.2010 / 10:41 survived fall from 12th floors and charged with attempted suicide ... 12.11.2010 / 08:15 Richard Holbrooke ended up in hospital, 11.12.2010 / 07:27 Sculpture 4400 years old sold for $ 16,800,000 10.12.2010 / 22:22 Damaged cruise ship happily sailed to Argentina, 10.12.2010 / 21:01 Share Leave a comment
 