The earliest inhabitants of Australia, Aborigines, they settled here before about 40 000 years, and the opinion of anthropologists in this country have arrived in Southeast Asia while it is much lower sea level allowed a better maritime communications. The fundamental interest of Aborigines was a hunting and gathering, and farming are not known. Because they were organized in nomadic and semi-nomadic groups. During the past 3000 years Aboriginals have evolved the use of stone tools, iskorišćivanje natural resources and trade at greater distances. The Portuguese were the first of European nations, but in the XV. century, have shown interest in the South Land (Terra Australis). However, due to high economic attractiveness of India and Africa, Portuguese sailors were neglected further research towards the southeast. During the XVI and early XVII. century, the Spaniards turned their marine research in this part of the Pacific Ocean, but gave up due to the failure 1605th
 During most of the XVII. century, the most active researchers in this part of the world were Dutch sailors. In 1606th W. Janszoon discovered a passage between the Australian mainland and New Guinea. In 1642. AJ Tasman discovered the island south of the Australian continent, which is now known as Tasmania, and shortly afterwards was discovered in New Zealand. Dutch sailors, sailing to Indonesia, and occasionally came to the northern and western coasts of Australia, and discovered the land called New Holland. However, considering the economic and trade uninteresting, refrained from further investigation. A new era in research Australia begins at the end of XVII. century when the first naval expedition from Great Britain launched the investigation of this continent. The first expedition (1687-88), who landed on Australia&#39;s northwest, was headed by William Dampier. The second expedition (1699) revealed that the western coast of this continent.
 During the XVIII. century has continued intensive research. In 1768th Captain James Cook sailed from England in a three-year expedition that was due to Botany Bay on the east coast of Australia, Cook was the newly discovered land marked on charts and named it New South Wales. Cook was in 1770-they organized two expeditions that have contributed to the knowledge of this continent. A special merit in that had a member of the expedition botanist Joseph Banks. At the same time along the southern coast of the continent of research conducted by the French naval expedition. Coast of Australia are fully revealed only in the early nineteenth. century. Matthew Flinders was the first to circumnavigate Australia (1801-03) and marked its coast on the maps. However, the Australian remained unexplored until the middle of the nineteenth. century. Although Australia. At that time she was unattractive for settlement, though it had great strategic importance.
 The first settlements were founded by the British at the end of XVIII. century, and the 1786th British government made a decision on the establishment of penal colonies in Australia. The first permanent settlement, founded in 26th January 1788, was named Sydney, and now this date is celebrated as Australia&#39;s national holiday. In a new colony is the biggest problem was lack of food and diet was restricted to kangaroos and fish. In 1792nd was established in New South Wales Corps as a military unit tasked with keeping the British government in Australia. Its members are divided into large land holdings, and they became the largest landowners. Corps in 1804. successfully suppressed a rebellion of Irish prisoners. In particular, the prices of rum caused friction between the Corps and the manager of New South Wales, which reached its peak 1808th the so-called. serum uprising. Australia&#39;s economy began to develop rapidly after 1810, when the boom began supplying sheep and wool textile factory in the country.
 Somewhat later, around 1820, has developed other important sectors of the economy - whaling. Political stability of the New South Wales followed in the period from 1809th until 1821, when he was governor Lachlan Macquarie. Absolute power manager weakened in 1823, when, by decision of the British Parliament, established in the Legislative Council. Australia continues to settle convicts (in New South Wales until 1850, and in Tasmania until 1852), but a growing share and had a free, newly arrived residents. In both of these colonies inhabited by a total of some 150 000 convicts, among whom about 20% of women. One third of the total number were Irish. In 1829th established the colony of Western Australia, 1836th Victoria, 1837th South Australia, 1859th Queensland. Besides sheep, zest economy have brought about newly discovered gold (1851) and some minerals. This was followed by &quot;gold fever&quot;, and from Australia in the next 10 years
 exported more than 62 000 tonnes of gold. In 1854th occurred at the mine to the Eureka uprising because of the high cost of mining licenses. The political organization of the colonies were given legislative council whose members are elected at the third election. Discovery of gold led to a strong wave of immigrant Chinese population (1850-61), and is therefore already 1856th in Victoria, limited immigration of Chinese population. Policy of limiting immigration of colored population, particularly those from Asia, known as the doctrine of &quot;White Australia&quot; from beginning of the twentieth century and was abolished only 1966th After the start of European settlement in the particularly difficult position come indigenous Aborigines. Ten years after the settlement began in Sydney, despite the official policy of protection, the systematic extermination of the Aborigines. Because of white occupation of the fertile areas as pastures, Aborigines were forced to retreat into the desert interior.
 Attempts to Christianize the imposition of European norms of civilization, taken in the nineteenth. century, were unsuccessful. Because of extermination, epidemics and food shortages of Aborigines drastically reduced and it is 1920-they were only 60 000th However, in the second half of the twentieth century, their numbers increased and they in 1991. was 238 500th Since the 1960s Aborigines are starting to settle in cities, but there were unequal population and ghettoized. 1970-by the Australian government tried to accelerate the assimilation of Aboriginal violent seizure of their children. It was only in 1984. Aborigines gained equal political rights with whites. In recent years particularly pressing issue of return of confiscated land Aborigines. Although the unification of all six Australian colonies of the British Secretary for the Colonies Earl Grey proposed for 1847, though the whole XIX. century had their period of disunity and discord. Australian league, which is supposed to fight for the unification of all the colonies, was founded by Presbyterian minister John Dunmore Lang.
 Factors affecting the integration of the colonies were the need for harmonization of laws on immigration, and the interests of the United Trade Union and Labour Party (Labour Party) to equalize the labor law. 1900. in the British Parliament approved the establishment of the Australian Union (Commonwealth of Australia), and began to apply from 1 I. 1,901th National unity Australians began to strengthen during the First World War, in which Australia has participated in more than 330 000 volunteers. Australian troops, taking part in some of the bloodiest battles (for example, Gallipoli 1915), have suffered great losses. At the Paris Peace Conference in Australia got German New Guinea, Bismarck and the German group of the passage of the Solomon Islands as a mandatory field. The period until the beginning of II. World War II was marked by internal political conflicts. Of former Prime Minister William Hughes, after the conflict in the ruling Nationalist Party (Nationalist Party), was replaced by Stanley M.
 Bruce. The ruling coalition has entered then Peasant Party (Country Party), while the opposition was the Labour Party (Labour Party). When in 1929. broke the world economic crisis, and the Australian economy was hard hit. Came into party work, but because Mr. rigidly guided. policies she collapsed. Therefore, in 1931. came to power the United Australia Party (United Australia Party), which came 1930th unification of the Nationalist and Labour parties. In 1931. Australia has with other British dominions obtained full independence. With a person of British rulers was linked only through the governor. Since the foreign policy followed by Britain, Australia is already 1939th entered in Part II. World War II. After the start of the US-Japanese war in 1941, Australia has threatened Japan&#39;s military forces. Help the UK under the new conditions was insufficient, and the new Labor government of John Curtin formed an alliance with the United States.
 Until the liberation of the Philippines U.S. General Douglas MacArthur used Australia as a reference point for military operations. A positive consequence of the war economy of Australia was to lay the foundation industries as the driving post-war Australian economy. 1951. Australia has with the United States and New Zealand signed a defense treaty (ANZUS-pact), and 1954th joined the SEATO-pact. In 1947. Great Britain ceded the Australian Heard Island and McDonald (1947), Cocos, ie, Keeling (1955), and Christmas (1958). Australian troops participated in the wars in Korea and Malaya, and since 1965. in South Vietnam. 1965. signed a free trade agreement with New Zealand (NAFTA), and then the agreement on economic convergence (1982). In 1972. Gough Whitlam Labor government introduced important changes in foreign policy: withdrawing troops from South Vietnam, recognized the People&#39;s Republic of China, condemning the French nuclear tests in the Pacific, stood against the regime in South Africa and Rhodesia.
 1973. completed a racist immigration policy &quot;white Australia&quot;. At the end of 1975th coming to power in coalition governments and the Provincial Liberal Party with a new prime minister Malcolm Fraser (in power until 1983). During the 70-and 80-they are governed by the majority of Australia&#39;s maritime borders - by Indonesia (1971, 1972, 1981, 1988), Papua New Guinea (1978), France, New Caledonia (1982) and Solomon Islands (1988). Labour&#39;s victory in the elections 1983rd and 1987. resulted in the restoration of relations with China and strengthen alliances with the United States. 1986. Great Britain lifted its formal authority over Australia, and in 1994. Australia has joined a new contract on Antarctica (previously it was in 1959). At the regional level has strengthened its relations with Indonesia agreement on military cooperation (1995), and 1996-97. has made her final agreement on maritime boundaries.
 