Dove World Outreach Church in Gainesville, Fla. The U.S. government has stepped up its condemnation and pressure to pastor a small church community in Florida, which plans to burn a copy of the Islamic holy book the Koran-a, 11 September. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is such a plan as well as evaluate the shameful act. At the same time representatives of many other religious communities in the United States - Christian, Jewish, Muslim condemned such plan Evangelical Church in Florida. Wood had already prepared the religious Dove World Outreach Center, and the pastor and church evagelističke Terry Jones says that, despite the death threats he received, he and other members of his church are planning on Saturday to burn about 200 copies of the Koran. Location of planned burning of the Koran Jones says that, after receiving threats, he and other members of the church armed to defend the religious community, which numbers some 50 followers. 58-year-old can pastor, known for his earlier anti-Islamic statements, has recently written a book &quot;Islam comes from the devil.&quot;
 He says that the burning of the Koran sends a message to the Islamic terrorist group that attacked New York and Washington. &quot;That led us to the International Day of burning the Koran, to pay their respect to those who were killed Sept. 11, and send a clear message that Islam will not tolerate, we do not want us to impose its program, in other words, sharia law,&quot; says Jones. Pastor Terry Jones shows where members of his evangelical church on Saturday 11th September plan to burn about 200 of the Koran Pastor Jones says that Islamic terrorists represent a threat to the United States and the world, but that moderate Muslims in America are free to practice their religion and that the message of his church is not meant for all Muslims: &quot;We have clearly said they do not hate Muslims, it is not directed against Muslims, but against sharia law. &quot; However, the commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, General David Petraeus was in Kabul warned of the negative consequences of burning the Koran: General David Petraeus was speaking in Kabul condemned the planned burning of the Koran in the United States, &quot;We are very concerned about the possible consequences of burning the Koran in the United States.
 It will very likely jeopardize our troops. We have already seen a demonstration in Kabul, only to mention that something will happen so. In fact, I think that pictures of such activities could very well be used by extremists, just as they used images of abuse of prisoners in Abu Ghraib and other incidents, after 11 September. &quot;White House spokesman, Robert Gibbs reiterated the concern of General Petraeus:&quot; Obviously, any form of activity which endangers our troops concerned this administration. &quot;Hillary Clinton is the iftar at the State Department planned to burn the Koran called disrespectful and shameful act of the Secretary of State Hillary Clinton added his concern, saying last night that the iftar organizarala Departmen of State in Washington: &quot;We found ourselves at dinner together at a time when it is reported that the pastor in Gainesville, Florida, plans to burn the sacred Koran, 11
 September. I am encouraged by the unanimous condemnation of the neučtivog, shameful act, which comes from American religious leaders from all faiths, from Christians to evagelista Jewish rabbis, and secular leaders and commentators. &quot;That same day, on inter-religious conference in Washington, leaders of Catholic, Jewish and Muslim community condemned the planned burning of the Koran. Nancy Fuchs-Kreimer, Reconstructionist Rabbinical College Rabbi Nancy Fuchs-Kreimer, Reconstructionist Rabbinical College Rabbi says: &quot;The attack on any religion in the United States, violence against religious freedom in America. The threat of burning copies of the Koran, the holy Sabbath is especially great insult that requires the strictest possible sentence for all who value civility in public life and want to pay respect to those who died 11th September. &quot;&quot; Hatred is not a democratic value, and not religious values, and certainly can not, after you hear the generals Patraeusa, and see what is already happening in this country, what is proposed to be done in Gainesvillu considered patriotic or religious act, &quot; Welton Gaddy says the priest.
 In Florida Darul Uloom Institute in Pembroke Pines brought together leaders of Muslim and other religious leaders who called for a measured response. Pastor Renwick Bell at the meeting of religious leaders in Florida who have condemned the planned burning of the Koran Pastor Renwick Bell from a neighboring church says that some Christians support the burning of the Koran: &quot;When a Christian priest does something like that, I want to ignore, but it has stirred emotions in the world . jadnostavno I think I on about not enough thought or just wants publicity. &quot; Hindu and Buddhist leaders of the Jewish community agree. The conference was organized by the Imam or Shaikh Mohamed Shafayet to potstakao inter-religious understanding. He says that members of their community should hear and leaders of other religions who oppose the cremation of the Koran: Shafayet Shaikh Mohammed, have a &quot;Yes Pošlji message that this is not America. Is it not a matter of Christians, Hindus, Buddhists, or Jews, and that from their point of view , Jones really misrepresents the religion and the Americans. &quot; For many Muslims the idea of burning the Koran can lead to strong emotions.
 But Anthony Sanpedro Abdullah said that Muslims and others should work to overcome these emotions: &quot;It made me angry, but we need to reach a better solution. Just burn the Koran and the anger of Muslims because it will make the situation better.&quot; Anthonz Abdullah Sanpedro leaders of the mosque say that this gathering of leaders of different religions can reduce tension, which, as they fear, could increase the burning of the Koran. In the Gainesville, where the headquarters of the church, dozens of Christian churches, Jewish temples and Muslim organizations have mobilized to organize different events, including reading parts of the Koran in their own religious services this weekend to oppose what he does Pastor Jones .
 