For Chinese, it will be the Year of the Tiger, which symbolizes power and authority. For the whole world could be a year of social unrest, mass unemployment, but also African football. The relative social peace that has reigned in this year could be just the lull before the storm, the Economist estimated, adding that so far the people most affected by the crisis suffered in silence, but there are reasons for expectations that the 2010th be a year of upheaval. Estimates of the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) says that next year it will be all over the world, 60 million unemployed more than last year, while the International Labour Organisation estimates that about 200 million workers in danger of falling below the poverty line, or group of the population living with less than two dollars a day. According to the EIU, in 77 out of 166 countries in the next year there is a significant or high risk of social unrest, and nearly a quarter of those countries in Eastern Europe.
 This group also includes Croatia. For the European Union will be a year of tests of a new European agreement, the Treaty of Lisbon, which should allow better functioning of the enlarged Union. &quot;Economist&quot;, however, estimates that in 2010. European leaders were to pursue &quot;the fear of unreality.&quot; In other words, the new agreement, which entered into force should the European Union to ensure global political power that can be measured with its economic and regulatory power. Next year the European leaders will show whether they really managed to formulate an agreement that is able to fulfill this task. Europe will in 2010. was prosecuted and &quot;ghost&quot;, but &quot;not a ghost of communism, but the return of mass unemployment,&quot; anticipate further British analysts, noting that high unemployment was the last really big problem in Europe in the early nineties, but the economic growth in the last 15 years allowed that unemployment is reduced.
 Judging by the forecasts &quot;Econimista&quot; no U.S. president Barack Obama, who will enter the second year mandate, which is not too much hope in 2010. year. &quot;His second year in office will reveal the weakness of the political coalition that elected him, the range of difficulties that he inherited, stubborn American resistance to rapid change and their commitment to the dream of small government and individual opportunities&quot;, according to British analysts. While explaining that American voters will be inclined to praise Obama because the U.S. managed to repel the threshold of economic depression, but exactly the opposite, to criticize him because the U.S. economy hit a recession. Obama will, otherwise, in January, held the first speech on &quot;State of the Nation.&quot; Before the U.S. president are other tough decisions and challenges. America and its allies will start to look for ways to leave Afghanistan, but the Economist points out that &quot;hard to be optimistic&quot; about Afghanistan in 2010.
 year. However, on the African continent will be good news. South Africa will host the World Cup, which is why The Economist argues that the 2010th be the year of African football. There will be lots of interesting things at this festival, but the author selects one detail: the first time, South and North Korea are placed at the same time the World Cup, so will the courts of South Africa will be able to show their rivalry and performance overshadow the success of rivals with the other 38 . parallels.
 