FIFA WORDL Cup 2010. Photo: FIFA. com No doubt, the concept of team Brazil is the world of football, what are the Americans in basketball, it was Brazil in football, the only team that has performed at every world championships. Suffice to say, Brazil, and there is no place any unknowns, Brazil is without doubt the greatest football nation our world, although apparently the English invented football, the Brazilians have it once brought to perfection. We should not ignore the fascinating Brazilian cheerleaders as the magnificent decor of the world championships, particularly in recent times. Brazil is always, regardless of the time and place, the World Cup favorite, always a team with the most goals. Country Samba, sea, beautiful beaches and the finest soccer, just Brazil. Do not say it freely: &quot;They play like Brazilians.&quot; &quot;If someone whispers to play&quot; Brazilian football &quot;means that you have given it the highest compliment you could get.
 The Germans were successful football nation, but it is an illusion to talk of the Germans were the most successful football nation in the world championships, in fact, Brazil won the world title five times, the last time it was eight years ago when they were in the finals easily triumphed over Germany. When we add more to Brazil is the only one so far participated in all the world championships we&#39;ve said enough. We should not forget that Brazil is the latest 2006. World Championship in Germany defeated Croatia, Croatia has provided excellent resistance to Brazil, although Brazil had a great team, as well as ever, did not come far. According to many it was the most expensive team in the history of Brazil. Brazil, as the leading football nations in the world, has a large number of rivals, potential derby match, but collisions with Argentina for the Brazilians are the matches which means life, something like when the Croatia game with Serbia.
 Yet such a Brazil had its dark moments, for example, 1998. was led by Ronald reached the finals in the finals by a team swept France. It was 3-0 for &quot;TRICOLORI, Zinedine Zidane and company in this championship were simply too strong for everyone, including Brazil, but, unfortunately, and Croatia. Do you know who is Edison Arantes do Nascimento? Easy enough to say Pelé! Undoubtedly one of the greatest footballers of all time, for many of the largest in any case in rank, Maradona, Zidane, if not ahead of them. It was Brazil&#39;s generation that has dominated world football like never before and as no one ever after. Specifically 1999th The FIFA it was officially declared the largest, the same year and was named one of the top five athletes 20th century. A country that is fortunate to have had Pele in his shirt can not be anything else but the greatest football nation in the world.
 So Peleov Brazil last time with Pele won the world championship 1970th year, it was a great farewell Championship, the largest Pele. It began a new era, the seventies and eighties were years of Brazil, Argentina wakes up, she was a strong Italy, the Netherlands. It was not until the mid-nineties, in the U.S., Brazil again won the title in the world but does not dominate the game, in fact, according to many it was a game that no one is thrilled, in a bad final 1994th , at jedanesterce Brazil got Italy, Italy with Robert Bagi in the team. At this prventvu dominated Romario, Bebeto ... Brazil has in its history, won five world titles, was eight times champion of South America, and four times won the world title in the younger age groups, but has never been the &quot;gold&quot; at the Olympic Games. Twice he won the silver medal (1984, 1998), and two times bronze (1996, 2008).
 Yet it must be admitted that few, except for Brazil, see the current Brazilian national team on the throne of the world in South Africa, when they are not wholly the foreground, perhaps more dangerous then the yellow team? Goalkeepers: Julio Cesar (Inter Milan), Gomes (Tottenham), Doni (Roma) Wings: Maicon (Inter Milan), Daniel Alves (Barcelona), Gilberto (Cruzeiro) Michel Bastos (Lyon) Defenders: Lucio (Inter Milan), Juan (Roma), Luisao ( Benfica) Thiago Silva (Milan) Midfielders: Gilberto Silva (Panathinaikos), Felipe Melo (Juventus), Josué (Wolfsburg), Kleberson (Flamengo), Elano (Galatasaray), Ramires (Benfica), Kaká (Real Madrid), Julio Baptista (Roma) Forwards: Luis Fabiano (Sevilla), Robinho (Santos), Nilmar (Villarreal), Grafite (Wolfsburg)
 