Germany - Spain, 20:30 Michael Bradovski: Germany in the championship game nice and efficient, but above all, disciplined and patient and, unlike Spain, has such a burden on his back. The European champions are more difficult than expected last group, Casillas saved the team from the Portuguese cons, and Germans are opposed to the Portuguese able to score that way. I do several times. Title players match against Paraguay, also says more about the importance of the goalkeeper, but said all ofenzivaca. Spain&#39;s victory as a result of the search said the pressure will open their premises and there I see one difference that will bring victory. While Furija must receive, the Germans seem to enjoy every minute of the game no matter where they end. In addition, an octopus, but Paul has just made a mistake regarding the Spaniards, it may be time for another blunder. Forecast: Passage of Germany (track record: 7-13) Bernard Jurisic:&#39;d started his explanation (thank God) the latest forecast of world championship quote a proverb from Miroslav Blazevic.
 &quot;* Is the man who changes his mind.&quot; Before the start of the championships saw Spain as the first favorite, but I also saw some of the Africans in the semifinals, so the Asamoah Gyan have not said goodbye to me is totally degraded prognozerski score. The Germans will not have that kid Mueller, and without him I think I can bring down the European champions and return them to defeat in the Euro 2008 finals. Mental strength the Germans a great bonus in these matches, even when im in the first 11 &quot;real&quot; Germans are almost not in the majority. Otherwise I daredevil, but this time I will put everything to the Germans. Despite the octopus and a feeling in my stomach that tells me that I would be fooled - Sieg Deutschland! Forecast: Victory of Germany (track record 7-13) Borna Rupnik: He came to the day when a man for purposes of forecasting just wants to be an octopus and facilitate you work. And the Germans and the Spaniards have a very good argument for passage to the finals: Spain winning habit despite hacking cough, murderous David Villa, recognize that when all stand on the right foot with his game can beat anyone and impressive lineup full of individual and team potential.
 Germans in the championship play probably the most difficult combinatorial zaustavljivi football, England and Argentina were crossed like a school kids, their chemistry is amazingly high level and burst of confidence. But, as I have before the competition saw Spain on the throne, and I believe that footballers Vicente del Bosquea not yet provided his best game of the tournament and will open them some German game more appropriate than previous opponents, I will keep the Furies. Of course, I think that there is no need to emphasize that I would not have stayed at all surprised or disappointed if you get Germany. Forecast: The passage of Spain (track record 10-10)
 