Political analysts believe that the candidate motion Tea Party too extreme for most voters when they weigh the forces with the Democrats in elections in November in the United States were held last Semifinal party elections before measuring forces on the second congressional elections November In the contest for the Republican nomination for the Senate position of the State of Delaware, which had once belonged to Vice President Joseph Biden, a conservative activist movement Tea Party, Christine O&#39;Donnell, convincingly beat longtime Congressman, Republican Michael Castle. Candidates movement Tea Party took the victory earlier this year in Colorado, Connecticut, Kentucky, Nevada and Utah. Political analysts believe that the candidate motion Tea Party too extreme for most voters when they weigh the forces with the Democrats in elections in November. Chairwoman of the House of Congress, Democrat Nancy Pelosi, predicted that Democrats will be victorious congressional elections in November because they will - she explained - the voters decide they do not want to return to politics from the time the Bush administration.
 At a press conference before the first meeting of the Group of the Democratic Party after the summer recess, Pelosi and the Democrat leader in the House of Representatives Steny Hoyer announced that the Democrats in the fall to work on legislation that would help create jobs and encourage American manufacturing, reports New York Times . Pelosi predicted that Democrats are &quot;strong enough&quot; to defend most of you have, and thus control of the House of Representatives of the Congress. When leaving the press conference, Nancy Pelosi has once again criticized Republicans, saying: &quot;It is important to know that in the first ten months of 2010th was created more jobs than in the eight years the Bush administration, &quot;the New York Times. On the other side of the Potomac River, at the Pentagon, is largely about reducing costs, and Defense Secretary Robert Gates presented the details of a plan to save hundreds of billions of dollars over the next five years.
 Washington Post writes that in the past ten years the U.S. defense budget grew at an annual rate of seven percent, when calculated for inflation and include costs of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. But to mention armed conflicts are expected to be put out to the Pentagon&#39;s budget growth slow down to one percent. So, how the Pentagon can be more efficient in spending the funds? One of Gates&#39; plan provides that the Minister of the Ministry of Defense set the price he is willing to pay for the weapons systems so that the price is within your budget. Furthermore, private companies who will work on new weapons the Pentagon would be willing to give incentives for keeping costs low, the effective implementation of the contract and cancellation of some unnecessary bureaucratic reports, according to Washington Post. Analysts say it is not clear whether the savings plan will remain in effect once the Minister of Gates went to the Pentagon, and to what might come next year.
 Christian Science Monitor looks the other hand, the uncertainty in the U.S. agency for space exploration, NASA. While the program space-shuttle flights coming to an end, U.S. House of Representatives and the Senate, and the wider community of experts for flights into space, I can not agree on a new direction that NASA should take in their research. How to transmit Christian Science Monitor, this is a nezabilježenoj situation. Basically, on opposite sides of the so-called activists, the &quot;new universe&quot; and entrepreneurs against the interests of long-term flights in space. Ironically, according to a Boston journal, that some important Republican lawmakers who want to rule generally leads to space flight program, rather than the private sector, which, in turn, favor more Democrats.
 