Figure Lidl in the German media in recent years is anything but pure. Stories about the pressures on trade unions and employees are prohibited recording and monitoring of employees and ultimately on the inhumane conditions in companies in Germany that Lidl products are just some of the accusations against this chain. The most recent criticisms of the discount giant has taken a judicial dimension. Conscious obamnjivanje public Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Daka, BangladešUred Consumer Protection City of Hamburg has filed in court in Heilbronn, where the headquarters of Lidl, an action for unfair competition. The plaintiff, who supports the campaign for decent clothes (CCC) and the European Centre for Constitutional and Human Rights (ECCHR), Lidl reproaches conscious deception of consumers that for each target has concealment inhuman conditions prevailing in the supplier company. Among other things, the Lidlovoj website contain photos jolly of the European family is to be &quot;Lidl committed to socially responsible working conditions.&quot;
 This promise applies to workers in Bangladesh to the European market for clothing products. The advertisement states that the Lidl in particular in developing countries concerned to improve conditions in the global supply chain. &quot; The company from Heilbronn calls for code of conduct that rests on the postulates of the United Nations. There are in fact wages barely enough for survival, child labor and supernumerary working hours is prohibited. But the situation is different than that used by the Lidl wants to portray to the public. Inhuman conditions Bildunterschrift: Attac protesting against Lidl One study done on behalf of the plaintiffs, showed that working conditions in Bangladeshi factories in the vicinity of the metropolis Dake in which, among other things, produce garments for Lidl weekly offers, do not correspond to the principles on which the Lidl its information materials call. &quot;There is a drastic difference between what he claims to Lidl and the actual conditions on site at companies that supplied goods to them,&quot; says Miriam Maass Saag-from-a ECCHR.
 In a study seamstresses in plants Lidlovih suppliers testify about the inhuman working conditions, a number of overtime hours. For example, workers in these facilities operate seven days a week instead of the allowed 48 hours to be generally over 80 hours per week which is a drastic way to break the rules to which I pledged Lidl. The lawsuit states that Lidl &quot;suggests that consumers are met minimum requirements in the plants as suppliers, however not the case.&quot; &quot;Lidl their commercials deceiving consumers and that is why we raised a complaint,&quot; said Günter Horman from the Bureau of Consumer Protection Hamburg. This is the first lawsuit of its kind in Germany with the result, as observers believe, is very uncertain. It is expected that it will be difficult company headquartered in Germany accused of advertising working conditions in other parts of the world. Author: N.Kreizer Der Spiegel / Agency Re. ed: Zeljko Telišman
 