&quot;The church opposes any form of denial of human life and upholds all that promotes the natural order of the family institution,&quot; Papa poruèio in Barcelona. It is necessary that the whole of Spain and Europe build its future on Kristjan roots, can not worship God if you can not protect a man; States must protect marriage and family! These are some of the messages that Pope Benedict XVI addressed during the Apostolic visit to Spain. The two-day visit to the country kicked off yesterday when he came as pilgrims to the shrine of Santiago de Compostela, where the Jubilee Year prayed at the tomb of the apostle James. At the Jubilee Mass said that the future of faith, which is constantly renewed, in a meeting, not in opposition to religion and laiènosti. The Pope this morning in Barcelona, met with King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia, ahead of the dedication Mass, the church of Sv. Family, famous works of Catalan architect Antonio Gaudi.
 The church was built Gaudi began 150 years ago, but has not yet been completed poptunosti. It is also the celebration was the culmination of the Pope&#39;s two-day visit to Spain. The Pope stressed that the state must closely monitor, èuvati and assist the family, because it is a broadminded and nerazriješiva relationship of man and woman an effective framework and foundation of human life. The Church opposes all forms of denial of life and supports everything that promotes the natural order within the family institution, which is based on the unity of man and woman, said Pope Ratzinger, and expressly condemned pobaèaj, same-sex families and noted that the present living conditions are completely altered Adiva advanced and technical, social and cultural initiatives. With them should be developed and moral progress, &quot;he said, against which a mass protest before a group of gay and lesbian, ljubeæi in front of the basilica. Should overcome the division between human and Kristjan conscience, between earthly existence and opening up to eternal life, between God and things of beauty as beauty, ruled Papa osvræuæi the magnificent temple of the Holy Family.
 