Photo: Ministry of the Interior Minister of Internal Affairs Tomislav Karamarko received today, 8 November, Ambassador of Islamic Republic of Iran HE. E. Khodaeija Mohsen Sharif and his associates. The meeting was also attended by Dubravko Novak, Secretary and Cabinet Minister Filip Dragovic, Head of the Directorate for European Integration and International Relations. Speaking of the traditionally good bilateral relations between the two countries, Ambassador Khodaei said good political relations and cooperation, but that would also need to develop and strengthen economic cooperation, which at this point is not the appropriate level. The fight against organized crime, drug and human trafficking - the areas are, in his opinion, in which the Islamic Republic of Iran Police and Croatian could and should cooperate more. - Iran has good results in the fight against drug trafficking, we have plenty of experience in what we convey in Croatia and neighboring countries.
 We want to cooperate more and share information in the field of human trafficking, which is also an international security issue, &quot;said Ambassador Khodaei. Karamarko Minister agreed with the opinion of the caller, informing him how to prepare the agreement on police cooperation between the two friendly countries, Croatian and Iran, because it is primarily a security, the problems of global character that only joint action can resist. - Iran is of interest to us in the fight against drugs, Croatia is on the way so. &quot;Balkan route&quot;, but our country is exposed to the South American route - the minister said, adding that our experts are also interested in cooperation on terrorism. He suggested that eventually the director Filip Dragovic formation of an expert working group to develop an agreement on police cooperation between the two countries. Ambassador Khodaei disagreed with the proposal of the minister, informing him about how the next year in Tehran held an international conference on terrorism at the invitation of Minister Karamarko and desire to participate as an expert at this event.
 Considering our experience and technology in the field of demining, the Iranian ambassador expressed his desire and need for their countries for such cooperation which is supported by the Minister Karamarko saying it will be incorporated into the agreement on police cooperation between the two countries. Speaking about the forthcoming entry of Croatian accession, the Minister stressed that the Ministry of Interior of all ministries, &quot;yet somehow the nearest European Union&quot; because it meets all standards of the Union, and clarified: - Entering the EU Ministry of Interior takes about 1400 km border with Serbia, Bosnia and Montenegro and also assume the role of border guards of the European Union. Already meet the EU standards, increasing the number of border police officers, equipment, border crossings, we are working on the project 26 police boats ... Asked whether the Iranian ambassador funded by the EU Schengen border, said the director of the Directorate for European Integration and International odnoseFilip Dragovic: - After entering the EU, Ministry of Interior will receive 120 million euros for the future external border, and has so far received about 70 million euros from EU funds.
 MI is the most successful in the implementation of EU projects, yet they spent a total of 28 of 34th They (are) funding is actually taking place through the EU funds through the state budget.
 