On the website www.registarbranitelja.com last night released a list of persons for which its anonymous author claims to represent more than 90 percent of registered veterans. Website shortly after the publication became unavailable due to the large number of entries, but in the little time that was available could determine that it can find reliable information about the attorney and his involvement in the war. The corresponding message to their flights by its authors claim that the proportion of people omitted from the list for what they say is their safety. As reasons for publishing something that the state organs marked as a secret document, the authors, among others, cite the need to give the public access information that can not be regarded as confidential as such, they say, are not misled or in other countries where they were made lists war veterans. For the same reasons it can be concluded that the data collected from the register of documents of the Ministry of Defence, because it criticizes the IT literacy and the method of data processing within the MoD.
 In addition, the online registry has data on veterans who have earned this status in the police. Nevertheless, Interior Minister Tomislav Karamarko last night warned that the defense information is not leaked from the police. Police have launched criminal investigation that will determine whether the anonymous website actually published data from the Registry of Croatian war veterans, which would be a crime of disclosing official secrets, &quot;said a spokesman for the Police Directorate, Krunoslav Borovec. Former Minister of Veterans Ivica Pančić did not know anything about him published in the Register, nor was able to see, but argues that access to information about members of the Defence Ministry and the Interior Ministry who participated in the war, had many. - At a time when I was minister 2003rd from the MoD and MoI on floppy disks or CDs come with the names of veterans data. Then it was on the list were a total of 403 000, and today there are more than 500 000.
 To be seen whether these are published contain only the names of 2003. or some newer. In this way it could be determined when data is stolen. Maybe someone say six years ago when they sent the new data simply presnimio cd and now he has revealed - which explains Pančić claims on the data with the names of veterans from the Ministry of Interior and Ministry of Defence has never been opened but is still forwarded to his men in the Ministry . Advisor to the President for the defenders questions Predrag Matić Fred told us last night that the office has no comment on the publication registry veterans. - We do not have enough information to comment on it. When they collect, we will surely be announced - said Matic, whose stance on secrecy registers well known. Matic was to publish the same, but, he says, legal means and not the way it was done last night. Surprised and remained chairman of the Parliament Committee on Veterans Kotromanovic Anthony, one of the major proponents of publication which was on its way to St. Petersburg.
 - No idea what&#39;s going on, but this is really a big surprise - said Kotromanovic. President Joseph HVIDRA Đakić condemned the publication of veterans&#39; data and asked for sanctions for those who are behind this act. Convictions were received from several other veterans&#39; associations, NGOs and the president of the Alliance family of detained and missing veterans John Wheat said that the Alliance for the publication of the registry only if you agree with that defense. A majority of veterans, he added, is to publish the registry. V. Marjanovic, (jl)
 