* Appearances (Goals) in the professional clubs are only counted for the domestic league club. Ladislao Kubala (Budapest, 10 June 1927th - Barcelona, May 17, 2002.) - Hungarian football player and coach of Slovak origin. Later he got Spanish citizenship. He was born László Kubala Stecz in Budapest. He is also known as Ladislav Kubala. It comes from a working family, which belonged to the Slovak minority in Hungary. His father is the Slovakian-Polish origin, a mother of Slovak-Hungarian origin, both from Bratislava. [Edit] Club career As a junior, he played with a lot older than myself. At 18 he signed for Ferencváros, where he played with Sandor Kocsis. He left Czechoslovakia in the 1946th year, in order to avoid military service. He played for Slovan Bratislava. The following year he married Anna Viola Daučík. Her father was Ferdinand Daučík BC Slovan coach, and later Kubalin coach at other clubs.
 He returned to Hungary 1948th year, in order to avoid military service again. He played for the Vasas. When Hungary in January 1949th became a communist state, illegally in the back of the truck fled through Austria to Italy. She briefly played for Pro Patria. In May 1949. was agreed to, to play for Torino. He was supposed to compete against Benfica, but not because of illness. On the return match, all players of Turin were killed in a plane crash. Hungarian Football Federation was sued by FIFI, escape and failure to respond due to military service. FIFA it is punished with a one-year ban on playing football outside their homeland. In January 1950th Ferdinand Daučíkom with coach, he founded a soccer club Hungaria, where they played football refugees from Eastern Europe. On one of the friendly games, scouts noticed he was Real Madrid and Barcelona. Both clubs have wanted to sign for them.
 Finally he came to Barcelona and made a great career. Barcelona fans 1999th The selected him as the best player in Barcelona&#39;s history. Since 1951. to 1961. in 186 league matches he scored 131 goals. He had an exceptional dribbling skills and combinatorics. It is especially known for its free kicks. Due to the occurrence of the ban, he played for Barcelona only since 1951. In two preliminary matches gave the 6 goals with 5 assists. He helped in winning the Spanish Cup 1951st year. In the season 1951st / &#39;52. scored 26 goals in 19 games. Against Sporting Gijon gave 7 goals against Celta 5, and 3 against Sevilla and Racing Santander. The coach was Daučík Ferdinand and Barcelona in this season, won five trophies, championship and cup 4. Almost the whole of next season, he missed due to tuberculosis. Threatened him with a fine career. However he recovered and helped towards the end of the season, in which Barcelona won the championship and Cup.
 He gave a goal in the Cup finals. Godine 1958. The national players persuaded the Hungarian Sandor Kocsis and Zoltan Czibora, to come to Barcelona. Had a good fit. Barcelona the following year won the championship and Cup, Cup a year later and the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup. Coach Helenio Herrera it is rarely put into play, and after he was fired, again played a lot. 1961., Became the coach of Barcelona&#39;s junior teams, and in season 1962nd / &#39;63. and the senior team, Barcelona. He was fired after falling out of the Inter-Cities Fairs Cup by Red Star Belgrade. [Edit] Representative career He played for three teams: Czechoslovakia, Hungary and Spain, and another team for Europe, and Catalonia in the matches. While playing for Slovan Bratislava, he played 6 times for Czechoslovakia and scored 4 goals between the 1946th and 1947. year. After returning to Budapest 1948th
 year, he played 3 times in Hungary without goals. After you got Spanish citizenship and played for Spain since 1953. to 1961. year. In 19 games gave the 11 goals (a hat-trick). He has never played in European and world championships. He was included in the squad for the World Cup 1962nd year, but did not play due to injury. On the occasion of 90th anniversary of the English Football Association, played for team Europe at Wembley and scored two goals. Match Result was 4-4. He played 4 times and scored 4 goals for the Catalan team. Last played in 1993. in 65th age. He played the first 10 minutes. [Edit] Coaching career After he was coach of Barcelona, Espanyol was trained as a coach / player. The team was and Alfredo di Stefano. He played with his son Brandon Cuba. 1966., Was the coach / player of Zurich. The following year he coached the Canadian club Toronto Falcons.
 In the club participated in the woman&#39;s father, his son and son Kubalin. He returned to Spain. He was coach of several teams of Spanish and the Spanish team. He was until now the menu of Spain since 1969. to 1980. year. He led a team at the World Championships 1978th , after 12 years absence. Eliminated in the first round. He led the team at European Championships 1980th where they were also fired in the first round. He is a menu of Spanish national team at the Olympics in Barcelona 1992nd year, when they won the gold medal. He was also national coach of Paraguay 1995th year. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ladislao_Kubala Categories: Hungarian footballers | Hungarian football coaches | Spanish footballers | Spanish football coaches | Slovak footballers
 