Russian Federation illi Russia is a country that stretches across the vast expanse of eastern Europe and northern Asia. With an area of 17.0754 million km ² (6.5956 million sq mi), Russia is the largest country in the world, covering almost double the territory of Canada, China, or the United States. In population is the seventh in the world after China, India, USA, Indonesia, Brazil and Pakistan. Sometimes the most prominent Soviet republics, Russia became an independent state after the dissolution of the USSR, December 1991. Under the Soviet system, called the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR). Most of the area, population and industrial production of the Soviet Union, once one of the world&#39;s two superpowers, the waste to Russia. Because of this, and the collapse of the Soviet Union, Russia plays an important role on the world stage. This role, although important, are not part of the former USSR. Contents [edit] History The areas inhabited by Eastern Slavs were the first in a single state united Varjazi, probably immigrants from Scandinavia.
 The first recorded varjaški ruler was Rurik, crowned by about 860, and his successors have carried the throne of Novgorod in the north of present-day Russia in Kiev, now capital of Ukraine. Kievan Russia was one of the largest countries of Europe then the economy based on trade between Scandinavia and Byzantium. Decisive for the subsequent history of the Eastern Slavs proved to be acceptance of Orthodoxy as the state religion in 988 times grand prince of Vladimir, which resulted in a strong relationship of church and state, and isolation from the Catholic, Protestant and later the rest of Europe. [Edit] Creation of the Mongol invasion the empire in the 12th Ages led to the collapse of already weakened Kievan Russia in a number of independent kneževstava, including in the 14th Ages begins to display Moscow princes. Moscow, oslanjanjući on its good relations with the Tatar invaders, started expanding to surrounding areas.
 The expansion was accelerated by the Grand Duke Ivan III. (1462 - 1505) who doubled the national territory at the expense of neighboring countries and liberated Moscow from the Tatars, and John IV. Grozny (1547 - 1584), the first Russian ruler to be crowned emperor. States after the death of Ivan the Terrible, sank in fighting for his inheritance, which lasted until 1613 when the power comes Romanov dynasty. Russia has experienced a revival during the reign of Peter I the Great (1682-1725). who in his youth traveled throughout Western Europe and Russia decided to reform the Western models. The major changes experienced civil service, education, army, established the Navy, a major city instead of Moscow became the newly formed St. Petersburg (1703) at the mouth of the River Neva in the Gulf of Finland. In the next two centuries a series of wars Russia has expanded its territory colonization, unlike Western countries, an adjacent area.
 To the west is occupied Finland, Baltic countries, Poland, Belarus and the largest part of Ukraine. In the south, its area spread to the northern Caucasia and Armenia, and most of Central Asia. To the east is the Russian colonization of Alaska reached the North, which in 1867 sold the United States. In particular, the expansion of the national territory contributed to Catherine the Great (1762 - 1796) skillfully combining diplomacy and warfare. The nineteenth century was marked by the growing middle class demands for a share in government, with occasional outbursts of political violence (riots dekabrista 1825, the assassination of Tsar Alexander II of 1881) followed by waves of government repression. After the revolution of 1905 Russia was awarded the representative body, the Duma, which is somewhat mitigated the political tensions. [Edit] Soviet Russia The poor condition of the battlefield in the first world war, threatening the collapse of the economy and the decline in popularity has forced Tsar Nicholas II to the abdication in February 1917 Russia became a republic.
 Government of Prince Lvov and Alexander Kerensky failed to consolidate the authority and the 1917 coup took power the Bolsheviks Party - Communists led by Vladimir Ilyich Lenin (October Revolution). What followed was a four-year civil war in which the Bolsheviks managed to beat the opposition. Moscow in 1918 once again became the capital, and in 1922 Soviet Russia became the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). After Lenin&#39;s death, 1924 Government has gradually taken over by Joseph Stalin (in power until 1953) that triggered the rapid industrialization and forced collectivization of agriculture. The second half started in the thirties and the great purges of the leadership of the Communist Party, army and state in which many were rigged trial, sentenced to death or long imprisonment. In World War II the Soviet Union gave the greatest contribution to Allied victory with more than 20 million deaths and almost completely destroyed the western part of the country.
 After the war intensified the conflict with the leading Western democracies, the United States - Cold War. The growing influence of the USSR and achievements in many fields such as the conquest of outer space and nuclear weapons are hidden failures and backwardness of the Soviet economy and growing social tensions. In 1991 the communist system collapsed and the Soviet Union disintegrated into 15 countries, among which is the largest and most significant of Russia. [Edit] After the collapse of communism in post-Soviet Russia after several years of painful transition and crisis, which reached bottom in 1998, started its economic recovery and rapid growth supported by high oil prices - Russia&#39;s main export product. The first democratic President Boris Yeltsin, whose term was marked by liberalism and the rise of crime, especially during the privatization process, was replaced in 1999 by Vladimir Putin, Russian citizens and foreign observers considered efficient, but also authoritarian than his predecessor.
 Since 1994, takes a guerrilla conflict of Chechen rebels fighting for independence of the republic and the armed forces of the Russian Federation. A large number of terrorist attacks in Chechnya and the rest of Russia is in connection with extremist guerrilla factions. [Edit] Government of Russia is a federative republic with a semi-presidential system of government. The legislative power is bicameral Federal Assembly. Representatives of the upper house, Federation Council, appointed by the federal entities (republics, areas, regions, etc.), and representatives of the lower house, Duma, elected in direct elections for a term of four years a mixture of proportional and majority systems. The executive power shared by the president and the government led by Prime Minister. President of the Republic is elected by direct elections, two-circuit system for four years, and may be in a position to spend more than two terms. The president nominates the prime minister by the Duma it is confirmed by a majority vote.
 If the Duma refuses three times to confirm the government, the president may dissolve it and call new elections. The President also has many other powers in the appointment, it is often the initiator of legislation and supreme commander of the armed forces. [Edit] Political division of Russia&#39;s federal structure is complex and includes 89 federal entities with different levels of autonomy. The greatest autonomy, with 21 autonomous republics (for example, to Chechnya, Tatarstan or maximum Saha (Jakutia)). Besides them, there are 10 autonomous districts and 1 autonomous oblast. Most of these autonomous units was established during communism in accordance with the politics of ethnicity that has every major ethnicity given the right to indigenous territory. The rest of the country&#39;s territory is divided into administrative units that have less formal autonomy. These are the 49 areas, over 6 and 2 federal cities (Moscow and Saint Petersburg). In 2000, established a new level of administrative division - 7 federal districts, each of which includes several federal entities.
 They are led by delegates appointed by the federal president. These are: [edit] Geography of Russia is usually divided into western Europe (about 3.5 million km ²) and the eastern part of Asia - Siberia (13.5 million km ²). Natural boundary between these two parts is the Ural Mountains, which extends in a north - south, a distance of about 2000 km from the North Sea to the ice border with Kazakhstan. [Edit] European Russia The largest part of the European part of Russia occupies the East European Plain, with flat plains that occasionally exceed the elevation (Valdajska Srednjeruska and to the west, Privolžje along the middle course of the Volga), whose peaks do not exceed 200-400 m. Through this valley runs the Volga (3688 km), economically and culturally important Russian River. The prevailing continental climate in the far north, crosses the polar and in a narrow strip of the Black Sea coast in the Mediterranean. From north to south, one after another to the belts of coniferous forest, mixed forest, transitional forest-steppe zone and steppe covered by fertile black soil (chernozem).
 Along the coast of the Caspian Sea due to strong evaporation is present, and semi-deserts. In the far south of European Russia&#39;s border with Georgia and Azerbaijan makes the Caucasus Mountains with the highest point in Russia, Mount Elbrus (5,633 m). [Edit] Siberia in the west of Siberia extends Zapadnosibirska great plains through which runs the longest Russian rivers Ob &#39;(the Irtysh 5568 km, 5 in the world). Between the Yenisey River in the west to the east Lene is Srednjesibirska plateau with peaks up to 1700 m. Srednjejakutska plains through which runs the Lena shared this plateau of the mountain ranges of Eastern Siberia. In the south and east Siberia to the shores of the Pacific Ocean dominated by mountain relief with chains whose ends are generally above 2000 m (Beluha the Altai chain - 4506 m, Ključevska Sopka on the Kamchatka Peninsula - 4750 m). There is also Russia&#39;s largest and deepest lake - Lake Baikal (31.5 thousand km ², depth 1637 m, the deepest in the world). Air much of Siberia is very sharp, which is continental in the north crosses the polar and high altitudes in the mountain.
 The prevailing thick coniferous forests - taiga, with scant vegetation zones - tundra - and the zones of permanent ice in the far north. Russian Far East has a monsoon climate. [Edit] Transport long distances and often harsh climatic conditions greatly influenced the development of transport infrastructure in Russia. In the carriage of goods, and passengers are still dominant role of railways. The railway network is 87,000 km track in public use and 63,000 km of industrial railways. The share of railways in the total transport of goods was 83.2% and 40.9% of passengers. In Russia there is also the world&#39;s longest railway, 9289 km long Trans-Siberian railway linking Moscow and Vladivostok on the Pacific Ocean. Although the road infrastructure is in poor condition, with no modern highways, road transport is on the rise. The car is now in Russia less a status symbol, especially in large cities, which leads to large crowds and one of the largest death rate in road traffic accidents in Europe.
 Air transport is growing steadily and has a dominant role in passenger transport at distances greater than 1,500 km. The biggest airlines are Aeroflot (5.8 million passengers in 2003), then Siberia (Novosibirsk and Moscow Domodjedovo, 3.4 million), Pulkovo (St. Petersburg) and KrasAir (Krasnoyarsk). [Edit] Economy Fifteen years after the collapse of communism, Russia&#39;s economy is close to the economy of medium developed countries in the free market. Today it has a high rate of growth of GDP (in 2004 7.1% per annum) and relatively high inflation (about 11.7%). However, today in Russia, visible remnants of the old, communist system. On the picture of the economy is influenced by the rapid privatization of some state enterprises unosnijih early nineties. They took a few business links with all the political elite (the oligarchs). Recently, some oligarchs have been forced to give up control over their companies, and some are imprisoned or emigrated.
 Large corporations continue to dominate Russia&#39;s economic landscape, and the government announced measures to encourage small and medium enterprises. Today Russia&#39;s economy is mainly based on two pillars: export of energy (oil and natural gas) and raw materials and rising domestic consumption. Traditional Soviet metallurgy is it related production machinery, automobiles and airplanes to survive thanks to the high tariffs that prevent import of cheaper and better quality foreign products. Many plants have switched to cooperation with Western companies and licensed production of foreign products (inomarke). The collapse of Soviet central planning have led to severe imbalances in the development of individual regions. Most foreign investment and the fastest economic growth have Moscow and Petersburg. Differences in average income and population of the capital of the province and up to ten times. [Edit] Population According to 2002 census the most numerous are Russians (79.8%), followed by Tatars (3.8%), Ukrainians (2.0%), Bashkir (1.2%), guard (1.1%) and the Chechens (0.9%).
  2) completely in Africa, but political and cultural belonging to Europe. 3) mostly in Aziji.4) declared independence unilateral secession from Serbia 17.februara 2008th p • d • Countries in Asia Countries Afghanistan • Azerbejdžan1) • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Bhutan • Brunei • Egipat2) • Ermenija4) • Philippines • Gruzija1) • India • Indonezija3) • Iraq • Iran • East Timor3) • Israel • Japan • Yemen • Jordan • South Korea • Cambodia • Qatar • Kazahstan1) • China • Kipar4) • Kyrgyzstan • Kuwait • Laos • Lebanon • Malaysia • Maldives • Mongolia • Myanmar • Nepal • Oman • Pakistan • Rusija1) • Saudi Arabia • Singapore • Syria • North Korea • Sri Lanka • Tajikistan • Thailand • Turkmenistan • Turska1) • United Arab Emirates • Uzbekistan • Vietnam Territories Hong Kong • Macau • Taiwan • Palestine Unrecognised States Abkhazia South Ossetia • • • Nagorno-Karabakh Northern Kipar4), 5) 1) Mostly in Europe.
  