BHDANI: On the Road to Africa: Marjan Mijajloviæ &amp; Emir Imamoviæ Pirke - talk neizljeèivih navijaèa is not the end of qualifications Marjan Mijajloviæ, karizmatièni and energetic sports commentator, an encyclopedic knowledge of most important things in the world and Emir Imamoviæ Pirke, journalist, writer and self-trained interpreter football, talked about the sacred game after defeating the Dragon in Armenia and in advance of our national team&#39;s match with Turkey&#39;s national team. Extremely uninformed, by mutual recognition, navijaèi representation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, spoke - apparently relaxed, and actually tense as much as customary before the big game - about Jackie, and Ibiševiæu Muslimoviæu, Fatih Terim and the conspiracy of FIFA, the strength of our team, possible the outcome of the qualifications and baražu for the World Cup in South Africa, the Swedish-Danish model of the game, a football tradition as a variable category ...
 I tried to predict the outcome of the match on the field Bilino Nino Marièiæ Imamoviæ: &quot;Imagine now the ideal IMAMOVIÆ: whether at the beginning, as sympathizers, among other clubs, and Galatsaraya, agree that it was time to defeat Testifies Fatih Terim, who was without doubt the most significant figure in the history of the club? MIJAJLOVIÆ: Yes, absolutely agree with you. You and I both know what we all went to Galatasaray, but, well, sad day has come that we must obey Brigadier General Terima to him as a knight knocked Jury with horses. I think it would be so. Because, however, if you&#39;ll agree with me, after this European Championship as it has been a small decline in the Turkish national team. IMAMOVIÆ: I think it&#39;s their team in a continuous decline, then the what the Third place game they go down. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Seæam as juèe Latvia and one play offa 2003rd for the European Championship when the Latvians innocent advantage, I think Tugajev blunder was, and went to Nemaèku, which was financially debacle for the Germans, because how many Turks there, do not even have to talk.
 That would be some 70,000 tickets. And then suddenly return: the European Championship with practically, I have to almost speak for, 13 against the Croatian players and Nemaèke ... IMAMOVIÆ: Against Germany, I think, Kazim sat down with the last goal and was no longer able to be rebooted. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Literally. There was no one to go in the game. But in qualifying I see a big blunder and, ultimately, they gave us on the deck then two of their blunder, they have played in Tallinn, 0:0, 1:1 is Belgium, which we beat in Zenica. Practically, it gave us the trick that we used very cleverly with two victories against Belgium, with easy victories against Armenia and Estonia. If you remember, we are pulled in the second half, they match in Istanbul, and then we received two goals. IMAMOVIÆ: There are several important things about Turkish soccer, but I think it is important to us now and that they, as a rule, after a great result in some competitions, failing to go to the next ...
 They were third in the world, so they threw Switzerland, and were now the third, the fourth in Europe, how to account, and somehow the time to take a break. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Yes, Latvia was screwed up by the Euro in Portugal. You&#39;re right, and Switzerland, were ejected in that game when èuvenoj Alpaj beat with their players. That&#39;s a great statement and I hope it will now be dokrajèeni, it would be a drop in the Euro semi-finals, though, really, when I pobrojao players, Arda Turan and Sabri Sagrioglu, Hamit Altintop, Sanli Tunèaj ... It really is about reè class players. There is Nihat, Nihat, but for the lost season, and I think you&#39;ll agree with me that once Estonia to two goals in Istanbul, then it is a sign of weakness. IMAMOVIÆ: Of those of their four goals, two goals were, in fact, Estonian. Tunèaj Sanli went down on a gazelle which could treat because there is never one probably was not the goalkeeper pushed the ball around the chest.
 It is what istrèavanje golmanovo ... Completely silly. Worse than Èehovo when Kahveci scored in Euro. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Yes, but here Terim threatens, threatening already know his style, and I think I&#39;ll agree with me, when you threaten me a lot, then it is also afraid. And I think that they still fear us. IMAMOVIÆ: They still play on it, I remember their statements in front of Spain, as of course they can beat Spain ... They are included in each game as favorites and it gives that role, because it&#39;s different obviously can not work. But I have a feeling that this is a situation where we are simply a better team. Terim can not say what he thinks, that is horrible zajebanoj position that he has never been worse in qualifying ... MIJAJLOVIÆ: that he had blunder, some good games. IMAMOVIÆ: To his players do not work. I mean, as long as they are great players, it just plays continuously Sanli Tunèaj big championships in England, but the club which, however, is not near the top.
 MIJAJLOVIÆ: Hamit Altintop is not playing for Schalke and it has 23 players on the roster ... Their imperative is horrible, they just have to get it, have a higher pressure than me, but I think that we should not think that the fact that we play on that one point. After we have two more matches, but simply that ... how to say ... in a &quot;limp mode&quot; we go into this match and get. If Estonia was given two goals, I really do not see how we can not give two goals with Dzeko and Vedado and Muslimoviæem that whenever he went into the game that goal. IMAMOVIÆ: So you think we should enter the game radically&#39;s different than what we have, of course, went against Armenia? MIJAJLOVIÆ: Well, we gave against Armenia&#39;s goal at the time, we all wished for, but this is quite a serious opponent. I mean, if you like me to lead against Armenia at the beginning, that this story ended. IMAMOVIÆ: For me, it seems that we are in the match with Armenia entered as a right, a great team: we have come here to do the work, we take the points and not even get cards.
 And as soon as we felt a bit sorry to go, no one in that game was. Džekin miss the complete picture of deconcentration. It&#39;s not a question of form, when promašiš as penalty, you&#39;re not really thinking about that penalty. We had two to three tricks, for example Vedadov penalty is a masterful scene taken from a dead situation, Džekin assists is a great ... MIJAJLOVIÆ: Of course, so we had Ibrinu tripod and one big chance, but then, my God, two or three times Supiæ pulled chestnuts out of fire. IMAMOVIÆ: I do not think that it is now somewhat troubled. MIJAJLOVIÆ:&#39;ll agree with me that this is a simple game which will soon go into oblivion. It remains the result and already you ask people, they all begun to think in Turkey. Easy, there, Ibrin goal Muslimoviæev goal that missed penalty and a lot goes out of memory. More people now Genk in the head, and the two of our victory against Belgium, but what is this seæaju against Armenia.
 It was a labor victory. And without a card, which was so important. I must admit that I was obsessed with those records ... Imagine that Spahic and Nadareviæ get the odd yellow cards. IMAMOVIÆ: You might really want to kill. But, you&#39;re likely to read the opinions on the forums navijaèa who believe that it is better that the first tandem in the attack are Džeko Muslimoviæ, although I think it would be just as good a duo Ibiševiæ - Muslimoviæ. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Yes, many are immediately recalled meèa against Armenia in Zenica Muslimoviæ when he came in and scored. He has this one great quality: the cold-blooded. He was just calm guy who scores and who has the team a tremendous effect, in every other game he score! What is even more important is that, as I have heard of Vladaviæa and Supiæa, at complete peace. I think it is already half the work done. So, Jury, and knows to keep the strings in his hands. I do not like platitudes, you shall agree to, I guess, to me, like &quot;now or never&quot;.
 We have only two to three players over 30 years. This is the first. So, we have the squad for Brazil 2014th IMAMOVIÆ: We have two matches after this. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Sure. IMAMOVIÆ: We have a match against Estonia, which we may end up winning away, we have a match against Spain, which comes with a resolved issue. MIJAJLOVIÆ: These qualifications èudnih bring a lot of things. One of France which, by the players should have to walk in their group, gave Serbia the talon qualify for this World Cup. Nobody can convince me that France does not have the names of one of the strongest teams in the world, but there is no collective spirit, obviously. Then we have the odd situation where the Slovaks and the Northern Irish front Èeha who broke in qualifying. We see suffering Croatian or Ukrainian ... IMAMOVIÆ: I watched this match Slovakia - Češka that was terribly important for both teams. There is nothing better game than the match Armenia - Bosnia and Herzegovina, that is, not to lie, one team was completely irrelevant, and for the second routine.
 MIJAJLOVIÆ: In Europe we have a representation for which we can say that now the government. Italy is also vulnerable, little muèi through these qualifications, the French can not hope to play, to me someone said that Slovakia would be on the verge Mundijala in that group, I would not believe ... IMAMOVIÆ: Not that Portugal will be on the verge of relegation. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Yes. A great example of the Danish team, whose name now that he read it the weakest in the last few years. In the previous two cycles had the better-known players, anywhere they were not, and now working with a team of Portugal can not overtake. One goal Ibrahimoviæa will probably launch a barrage to the Swedes at least, to understand. I&#39;d said one more thing: we have a group of European champion, European Cup semi-finalists and Belgium, which has a reputation. Take Serbia: it was in a group with Romania, which at this moment is nourishes from Belgium and Austria, from which, of course, Turkey is better.
 No offense, but Croatia has Belarus, Kazakhstan and Andorra ... I mean that from these three teams in our region the hardest. IMAMOVIÆ: Sure. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Unfortunately, I heard some comments after two victories over Belgium, it is not something that does not fly too high. I am not a supporter of it to fly too high, but we must not underestimate the victory over the team that played 20 years non-stop at the world championships. IMAMOVIÆ: Not so long ago was that we played against the same Belgium, Bajramoviæa ahead with a goal and then we were one of those killed by their brothers. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Mpenza. IMAMOVIÆ: And in that moment for our team play Zlatan Bajramoviæ, Sergej Barbarez, Boliæ Elvis, Elvis Baljiæ, Hasan Salihamidžiæ ... I do not know if were still playing Mirsad Hibiæ. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Mike is entered and it is only in this generation, and also, I think, Hasagiæa, who was there. And, of course, Zlatan which you mentioned.
 IMAMOVIÆ: I think he played and Sasa Papac. MIJAJLOVIÆ: We had an extra team ... Otherwise, when the mention of Sweden and Denmark ... They enter the game at a relaxed way. I will not ever forget the match Denmark - Uruguay at the World Championships 2002nd in Japan and South Korea. Uruguay has nine attacker, worse, the Danes come out on the cold ground. Laudrup was the assistant Morten Olsen and they do not change faces in 90 minutes. They play their game and do not fall into some exaggerated belaj if they lose, and very often win. Turkish national team in our region have a terrible amplitude, of the great euphoria to tremendous oèajavanja. I mean that the Danish-Swedish syndrome smart and brings results. IMAMOVIÆ: So, even if we lose from Turkey, as we have already stated, we remain in the game. And they have two more matches. Who says that the Turks will get both. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Sure. What pleased me the whole story is that we are doing that in baražu never gonna be so many teams that we could win.
 We from the Croatian and Serbian are not toys weaker, while France is more afraid of the name, we agreed. So, if you look at all the current leg, we have the Republic of Ireland and Bulgaria, Switzerland, Greece, Latvia, followed by Slovakia, Poland, Slovenia and Northern Ireland ... Only that now we come to one item, I do not like conspiracy theories, but I am interested in your opinion: how to FIFA odgovralo to have three teams from this region at the World Championships? IMAMOVIÆ: It would not be the first time. Slovenia, Serbia and Croatia have played ... MIJAJLOVIÆ: Yes, but there is a big business and everything else. IMAMOVIÆ: Oh, I do not believe ... MIJAJLOVIÆ: I apologize, Slovenia still has a chance. IMAMOVIÆ: Yes it&#39;s a championship to be played in Austria, Germany, Switzerland, there would perhaps be able to think about the plot. It is important to come to Russia ... MIJAJLOVIÆ: And Russia is our opponent in a possible baražu. IMAMOVIÆ: And the only rival which I absolutely fear.
 MIJAJLOVIÆ: I understand. When you already mention the conspiracy theory: Platini was in the Ukraine match, so here are already Croatian public with obzrirom speculated that Ukraine host Euro. IMAMOVIÆ: Wait, is it really kicked Switzerland Turkey in World Cup qualifying, and later hosted the Euro? MIJAJLOVIÆ: Yes. IMAMOVIÆ: Somehow I&#39;m pretty sure it would be to insist that at least one host Euro goes. Or Ukraine or Poland. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Poland is a very riziènoj situation. In their group game against Slovenia at the moment when we we played against Turkey. IMAMOVIÆ: One of the two teams, I think, just has to qualify, if you already are talking about conspiracy theories. But, we speak for the variant that is not a tragedy if we lose. Why do we somehow mean that the job is done if Turkey win? Who guarantees that we&#39;ll get Estonia up or take a point? About Spain not to speak ...
 Theoretically, with 18 points, we can be the worst runner-up and not go in the barrage. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Of course, you&#39;ll agree with me that should we go into this match and just to think of these 90 minutes. Look, we both got no time Belgium and the Vedas without Sejad which are of course our core players. Armenia routinely obtained without Džemo Berberoviæa without misketa, means that we now have a solid base of 25 players. What is also very important to our regularly play abroad. It is very important and I&#39;m rubbing his hands when he found Mravac club and here we are waiting for everyone now that Supiæ hope. IMAMOVIÆ: To sum up somehow ... Us this match is important, we have a good team and, simply, should not overlook the other stuff. OK, Turkey has the third place in the world and in Europe, but was only 22 years ago in Istanbul with their English nabila 8:0 ... MIJAJLOVIÆ: Bravo, I&#39;m still on the radio it said. It was not so long ago.
 It was only 22 years ago. Eight zero! Turkey that same 21 years later, a minute divided by plasamana the European Championship finals. And what we will with Greece, which was used to retrieve the Yugoslav national team goal difference, that the 2004th became European champion? So, I agree, we should respect tradition, but since it is not alive. IMAMOVIÆ: I think it&#39;s a relationship that we should have towards Turkey and toward his team. And we, I repeat a hundred times, at this point is simply a better team than them, but if we lose, and that can happen is for us no end of stories not even in these qualifications, especially in the next five years. But, would you bet on ... MIJAJLOVIÆ: Phew. Tipov&#39;o I Ibrièiæa on Saturday, but it was way more emotional ... Creatures to a crazy Wednesday. I am humble, let him be 1X. Victory or a draw ... Well, there could be goals. IMAMOVIÆ: Imagine an ideal scenario now: 12 minutes Misimoviæ 1:0, 22
 2:0 Džeko minutes, 34 minutes 2:1 Altintop, 44 minutes Džeko 3:1, 52 minutes 3:2 Sanli, 82 minutes Pjaniæ 4:2. MIJAJLOVIÆ: Uh. Here I would only say that Džeko Vedad Marcam.
 