This morning at a decent time, she called me a friend: Do you know that when you expect today, about 100,000 people?. I write because I figure it fits my horrible and receiving information. I&#39;m not the first time come upon us which means that warning, which is discussed and, above all, that is my role in this? Anyway, she says: First, open a new shopping center in the Arena gigs Lady GaGa! Number two: you can not go by car to work because of morning warning to the crowd, therefore, catches public transport and on the job! So what are friends - they think at all! Thank you for the future! But ... Today&#39;s my day without a car is feasible, not only comes to work for many of those things that should be done at the end of the week. Fortunately I have tried and so far everything is okay - I came to work without problems, if the problem does not consider entry into the rotor with most normal drivers provokes horror and bypassed him in a huge arc. Turnover regular, normal, traffic police ready to step in, it seems there should be no &quot;congestion&quot; but you never knows, we are able to do so! ZET be saved, nothing should surprise them, and introduce a special FREE line from the Zagreb Fair Arena to a new shopping center.
 Here there is a unique opportunity for citizens to make money from harač and sympathetically by the government recently revoked, redirect the cash register a new haunt consumers. Maybe there and meet a minister that the task of checking how much easier to live with it, and then dawns on Lady Ga Ge concert when he is near. See and be seen! First, smaller, and the second course. Who today can interfere with additional pictures in the newspaper under &quot;known to have fun&quot; while you watch! And so in a series of news today I hear a discussion on Croatian radio on disasters and how we are ready for them! The real day of it, Friday. Summarized the discussion: who survives will tell! Namely that erupted stronger and weaker earthquakes, headed razglabanja how we can protect the citizens and how they aid in natural crises. It is important to you in any home, old or new, whether your builder to steal the material or not, have you when the ground shakes able to find a bearing wall ...
 All together, poorly! For Zagreb remembered to know where they would be mass graves and that we are not able to izdogovarati pontoon bridge in the event that all the bridges to New Zagreb shall fall into the Sava. With the aging population is quite difficult to make the boats a lot of help. Do not think that exaggerating the Friday going into the world! Dozens dead in the eruption of the Indonesian volcano Mount Merapi. This is one of the most active volcano and is located in the overladen population, typical for the island of Java. Experts say that the victims could be less that people were kept away from the volcano! Where to otsele and the way poor people? This is the second pripodna disaster that befell the Indonesians. In fact have not even dispose of the Mentawai people of the islands, which was recently hit by a tsunami and killed 400 people. The old adage: the accident never comes alone, but the residents of Haiti one of them can not take a breath. After the earthquake and all the horrors that accompany it, affected by the cholera and now they announce the arrival of tropical storm Tomas! Announcement of the huge amount of rain and the landslides it.
 Warnings tent cities that are moving everywhere but they know a quick! Tired of horror and this is the third in a year. This same Thomas seems to have caused the plane crash in Cuba. Killed 68 people. So if and Friday too, but where is the end of the day?
 