Serbian President Boris Tadic will participate today in Tripoli celebrate 40 years of Libyan Revolution, at the invitation of Libyan President Muammar el Gaddafi. With forty African heads of state and president of Venezuela Ugo Chaves, president of Serbia will be the only head of state, a European country. As announced in the press office of President of Serbia, Tadic will attend the ceremony in Tripoli military parade, which will be attended by 26 members of the Serbian Army. The delegation will be the president of Serbia and the Minister of Defence Dragan Sutanovac, State Secretary Dusan Spasojevic, Lieutenant General Mladen Ćirković and CEO of the company Jugoimport SDPR Stevan Nikčević. - Good relations with Libya are particularly important from the standpoint of economic and military cooperation and Serbia-high prices that Libya, as one of the most Muslim countries, has not recognized the independence of Kosovo and supports the territorial integrity of Serbia.
 In addition, the Non-Aligned Movement in Serbia has always had the best relations with Libya - was told &quot;Blic&quot; in the office of Serbian president to explain why the Serbian delegation was led by Tadic. By comparison, although Tripoli announced it will attend the celebration of French President Nicolas Sarkozy, this country will represent the Secretary of State for Cooperation Alen Žujande, the U.S. ambassador in Tripoli, a Russian news agencies yesterday denied the announcement that President and Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and Vladimir Putin will be in Tripoli. Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will be glorified, because yesterday departed from Libya. According to the announcement, among the guests will be President of Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe and Sudanese President Omar al Bashir, whom the International Criminal Court indicted for war crimes in Darfur. News from the flash was yesterday and today, and nowhere else did not cause this type of attention, boldovala Ms Milic. Will Flash or today, which is quite clearly said it would determine the procedure and the quality of the proposal adopted yesterday by the Information Act, get the fingers on the new or the old law because of such a text.
 No, because all the facts in issue. Blic and Danas will, not because of the quality of this or any other law, probably survive this stupidity and government. For the market does not know, I hope Father. The same with B92. Because, no matter the type of font and headlines thieves, shark, LIE AS SOON AS zinula. This is what they write, a fool is proud of, is much worse and more dangerous for Serbia. That those who are for this diplomatiski flaw that sees the whole world cares about the interests of Serbia and not only about their ratings, which, we agree that the courier threatens more than ever today may rise, they would put the finger on the forehead before they go to assembled trucks and planes to Libya in this manner when the arrival or do not send messages to other species. BTW, that you have read the statements of investors from Ikea, much needs to build factories and how much time to get a permit. What the hell are we to export, when to build a detour when we ended the decades.
 Instead, we as a society that is due to the proximity of the EU had the possibility of formal integration of many transitional societies around the world have, put the barrel friend totalitarian regime on the forehead. (When it&#39;s not to say that others do not trade with Libya, that are not in dispute puštanaj terrorists etc, but they can be em what we can not, nor em they now come to the Libyan regime has forged in stars. The main focus of NATO has long been on the Mediterranean. But where Miliband and Clinton may not pressure from the public of their countries , where the pressure has to mean something, countries that are at least at the national level and many demokratičije sredjenije than Serbia, and can Sutanovac Nikčević, America allowed. I Ćirković. Contractors others&#39; works. Whose is that now the interest in the long run, sluđenog and difficulties in Serbian society loses EU compass orientation matter what it says Ceda defense when defending the law and what a day or two earlier or later, or someone&#39;s personal finance at the end) The way for years &quot;covering&quot; Batajnica, Srebrenica, RTS, Topčider, Leskovac and some horrible other topics of our recent history has been long since we broke illusions about the quality of the media scene, with a few exceptions mentioned, especially the journalists, regardless of association to which they belong or not.
 I Information Act I in this regard was not so important, whereas the procedure and she said a lot about the actors, how are we all nuspojavekoje served to watch falling masks and cheap regrouping. But my new j disappoint uncomfortable fact that some moral and professional media and NGO boulder scene allowed himself to attitudes formed primarily in relation to any you think moralinim professional and zeros, and give them what they participate in something or have an attitude about something, be the main argument for or against a non uzusi professional and modern practices. About how many almost all, ae newspapers primarily MARKET zaboraili not to say more.
 