England today, 23 April, celebrates the day of its patron saint - St. George. Although his cross found the England flag (which, admittedly, mostly looking at sports events and rarely on any other occasion), there is no solid historical evidence that he ever visited England. The Roman emperor Diocletian, a soldier is mentioned in many legends and stories about Christianization, and organizations like the English Heritagea trying in recent times to revive the custom of celebrating this saint. A traditional celebration of St.. George in Bedfordshire. Actor in the role of the English patron Saint. George, proudly standing by the flag with his cross, one of the traditional English symbols. It&#39;s just part of recent efforts Englesh Heritage institutions which actively wants to revive the tradition of celebrating Holy Days. George. (Photo: © Images Visit Britain / English Heritage) Just as the Scots celebrate the day of its patron saint, St.
 Andrew, England today, 23 April, celebrated St. George. The custom of celebrating St. George became the beginning of the fifteenth century in the great English national holiday but after three centuries later, 1707th, created Union of England and Scotland, the custom is almost completely vanished. Recently, custom celebration of this day is experiencing a kind of comeback, though, of course, not the official holidays or non-working day. In recent years there have been several initiatives to be declared as public holidays, but the fact that there is no evidence that St.. George was even an Englishman, he was born on the island, or - indeed - that he ever even been on it a bit difficult this procedure, making the ultimate outcome of these initiatives are uncertain. There were also attempts to st. George &quot;remove&quot; the patron saint of the place and replace the other in English whose origins have been safer - such as Edmund or St. Alban. Sv.
 George was, at least reveal how traditional stories, the Roman emperor Diocletian, a soldier, unknown date of birth, but the known death date - 23 April 303rd Although not much doubt about the fact that the Christian saint really existed and the fact that almost no one disputes, some of the stories and legends still go too far. The most famous legend of St. George is certainly the one that describes his encounter with a dragon where he, of course under the protection of his arms, refers overwhelming victory of (a liberating way, and a princess - have you ever thought that in this story, no?). The dragon has prevented residents of the town in Libya, a country where is located this legend, the lake and access to water, and in gratitude they were rescued from a dragon and saved the inhabitants from its former paganism to Christianity and the cross. For St. George is usually sung in English cathedrals of England is one of favorite songs, Jerusalem, and once upon a time in the zapućku wore red roses.
 English Heritage Organization in recent years trying to rebuild the tradition of celebrating the day of the saint at the 23 day of April, but these attempts are only beginning. As the British flag with the Cross of St. George flies primarily at sporting events like football, cricket and rugby matches, so the combination of circumstances and St. George primarily connected with the sport. Interestingly, the St. George - here known as Jurjevdan, St. George&#39;s or Đurđevdan - actively celebrated on the island of Vis. Britons are the Napoleonic wars, built several forts on the island of Vis, where they fought against the Franco-Venetian fleet brought to this island some of their customs. Among them, the cricket is certainly the most unusual for our region, but also a celebration day St.. George also grew roots in the tradition of Vis.
 