Netanyahu: Iran is a major risk! 03/06/2010 Defending Israel from the &quot;hypocritical criticism of&quot; the deal with propalestinskim activists in the waters of the eastern Mediterranean, Prime Minister Netanyahu said that &quot;there was no other way to stop the flotilla that attempted to break the blockade.&quot; Alluding to the fact that most of the injured were in Turkish passenger ship, leader of the convoy, said that &quot;it was not a ship but a ship of love hate.&quot; Israeli soldiers doing their duty, were victims of &quot;malicious mobs. Reacted in self-defense. &quot; They had to prevent &quot;smuggling missiles and other weapons that Hamas, Iran and other entries in Gaza.&quot; Israel will not allow that &quot;Gaza to become Iran&#39;s Mediterranean port. In the end, he added - &quot;we live in the Middle East, where there is no mercy for the weak and where there are no second chances&quot; - an allusion to the genocide of European Jews who were not able to defend yourself. In other words - today is Israel&#39;s existentially threatened and must show resolve and strength.
 And this is the logic that confidently follow telavivski rulers from the very establishment of the Israeli state. They did not choose the ways and means, how confident are entitled to it. They showed and proved the strength of waging war against the Arab neighbors, against the Palestinians and now against false humanitarian, who are in collusion or are exploited by extremist Islamic groups, that is associated with terrorists, who under the guise of trying to help break the blockade of Gaza and so ugroziiti security of Israel. So they stopped in international waters and not in the vicinity of the goal. The blockade of Gaza will continue, because it protects against terrorists. In this statement the Israeli prime minister is not, as he did many times before, mentioned by name &quot;terrorist,&quot; Hizbul and jumped over it and Syria, but it is definitely targeted them. Tel Aviv and Washington are quite galamili on alleged threats of this duo, warning Damascus to stop arming Hizbul, a Lebanese government that it no longer protected.
 The message was - do not play with fire because you will die. But most dangerous is Iran, while Syria, Hamas and Hizbul just extended his hand. Iran supplied them with missiles and other weapons, threatening to destroy Israel, and will, according to Netanyahu, turn Gaza into a military base. Fears of Israeli politicians of all colors, that Israeli citizens vote, not feigned. They really are living in fear besieged and threatened the ghetto. They fear external enemies. Therefore engage in a preventive military operations, wars, and extrajudicial executions individuals, wherever they choose. They fear their own Palestinian minority (but one quarter of the total population), because they insist that the recognition of &quot;Jewish character&quot; of their country. They are afraid of creating an independent Palestinian state, which would be a constant threat to their security. Because grade &quot;Wall of Separation&quot; to the West Bank, while its eastern part of the Jordan declared military buffer zone.
 After the peace with Egypt, the Sinai was turned into a demilitarized buffer zone. Similar buffer zones exist and the Syrian side of the Golan and the Lebanese side of the border. The colors gazanskih Palestinians, who are therefore subjected blockade, rejecting the Hamas ceasefire offer ten or more years. Recently, Iran, apparently, feverishly working on producing nuclear weapons. Its uranium enrichment program as proof of this. Also, Iran has long-range missiles that threaten not only Israel but also the wider Middle East region, the local U.S. and NATO bases, their kopenene and naval forces and Arab regional allies. Iranian ballistic missiles can be thrown to Europe, it was the reason the previous U.S. administration to set antiraketnog shield in Poland and the Czech Republic. From that Obama&#39;s team gave up, not only because of Russian protests, but also because it has opted for the interceptors mounted on ships that were sent closer to Iran, specifically in the Eastern Mediterranean and the seas that surround the Arabian Peninsula (the U.S. V.
 Fleet stationed in Bahrain earlier than cruising the Persian Gulf). Iran&#39;s nuclear program, Iran&#39;s nuclear research program launched with the help of the United States in the late fifties, and was terminated with the overthrow of the Shah Pahlavi 1979th With the establishment of the Islamic republic, Washington has lost a key Middle East allies (pivotal state) and the relations between the two countries have become antagonistic. They came up to fever pitch with the hostage crisis, 1979th to 1981st, when Iranian students occupied the U.S. embassy in Tehran and later, during the Iraqi-Iranian war, 1980th-1988th, when the Americans and their allies effectively supported the Iraqi dictator. In the midst of the war, 1986., The U.S. Congress on the Clinton administration&#39;s proposal, introduced unilateral sanctions on Libya and Iran (Iran-Libya Sanction Act), and certain foreign companies that have worked with these two countries. Excluded were those companies that are selling medical and pharmaceutical materials, as well as those in Iran buying caviar and Persian rugs.
 Meanwhile, Iranians with the help of the Russians restart frozen nuclear program. More serious are dedicated to this only the first time Ahmadinejad&#39;s mandate after the 2005th Then the Americans were dissected new series of unilateral sanctions, Iran&#39;s banks, over his support of Iranian Lebanese teokrata Hizbul but because of their nuclear program in its infancy. Washington in 2006. pushed through UN Security Council&#39;s Resolution 1696 which required Iran to suspend uranium enrichment programs. Only Qatar, the then permanent members of the Council, voted against. Sanctions is limited export to Iran of industrial equipment. Iran, a signatory to the international Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) has argued that the only aim of his research to produce nuclear fuel for power plants (uranium enriched to five percent) and medical isotopes (uranium enriched to twenty percent, while the need for nuclear weapons uranium enriched to more than ninety percent).
 In fact, most of Iran&#39;s central works on a gas plant (Iran&#39;s reserves are the second largest after Russia), which consumed grapes domestic natural gas production. In addition, the Iranian crude oil refining capacity is insufficient and outdated technology, which is why the country is forced to import petroleum products - petrol, diesel and oil machine - whose domestic consumption is sharply increased. To pay for these purchases with the part of revenues from oil exports (the second largest exporter, after Saudi Arabia, the Middle East), whose production declines again due to outdated technology. Since the Iranians to continue with its program, that same year, after the resistance of Russia and China, unanimously prihaćena Resolution 1737th Prohibited transfers of nuclear technology, with the exception of Russia assumed the obligation to equip the nuclear center in Bušeiru. Companies and individuals associated with other Transfer the frozen bank accounts and prevented further transactions.
 International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) was to verify the suspension of uranium enrichment program. Iran, however, still argued that the NPT has the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy and that he did not intend to get nuclear weapons. He also claimed that the production and use of weapons of mass destruction, including nuclear, contrary to the teachings of the Koran. This was followed by Resolution no. 1747, 1803 and 1853, which imposed new restrictions. Against one of them voted Indonesia. During that time, the direct threat of escalating Iran, like preventive military strikes on its nuclear facilities. The media have widely discussed the possible Israeli attack bombers corridors and routes for their return to the starting base. The question - whether the Americans, who control Iraqi air space to allow overflights of Israeli bombers? Response never came.
 Turks turn announced to defend the inviolability of its air protocols. Neither the Iranians are not supported. Every now and make the big bells announced that they successfully tested a new rocket, the new war navigable unit, organized a successful defense maneuvers while in orbit were launched several satellites and the like. With IAEA inspectors have played hide and seek game. Foreign pressure on Iran that sparked the nationalist reaction. Nuclear policy of the government support Ahmadinejad and his opponents. Equally condemning the U.S. alliance with Israel. Condemn the war-inflammatory anti-Iranian campaign and solidarity with the people of Palestine, a victim of Israeli occupation. Likewise, the Lebanese Hizbulahom who managed to resist the Israeli aggression. Solidarity with the secular Syrian regime Baasističkim exposed to Israeli threats. At the same time Americans are lobbying on all sides for the imposition of new sanctions, while Israel snabdjevali media &quot;evidence&quot; about the forthcoming production of Iranian nuclear weapons.
 While the media war zahuktavao, solutions to the Iranian nuclear issue have tried to find negotiating with agents of the EU and the IAEA governors meetings. In the fall of 2009. Group 5 +1 (permanent members of Security Council plus Germany) was unexpectedly offered to swap Iran: Iran should send overseas low-enriched uranium which has so far produced, and in return he would France and Russia, after the prosecution obtained the material, deliver enriched uranium to 20 percent. It is said that it could be a prelude to long-term relationship of cooperation in the field of peaceful use of nuclear energy. Iranians to open access to Western civilian industrial technology, and foreign companies lucrative business in Iran. But everything is already stuck on that first step, because the Iranians feared losing what they produce and never get what they promised. They demanded that the exchange of two types of uranium performed simultaneously (and not to wait for the processing of the Iranian shipments) and the Iranian territory.
 Diplomatic wrestling and outwitting the second month this year, Obama&#39;s administration has launched a broad campaign to force the fourth round of sanctions on Iran. With this went a new threat &quot;to terrorists and hostile states&quot; (hostile states). Pentagon document, released in early April under the title Nuclear Posture Review, singled out the only two countries - North Korea and Iran - that fall into this category and represent a major threat to U.S. security. North Korea, whose case here does not do, was a signatory to the NPT, but withdrew. Israel, India and Pakistan have never acceded to the Treaty, has nuclear weapons, but does not call upon. Iran is a signatory to the NPT, but it apparently does not abide by commitments. So it would, like North Korea, could in the final resort, if no other solution, will become the target of the U.S. (nuclear) attack. Besides the five recognized nulearnih forces, there are at least ten other countries, is also a signatory to the NPT, whose programs are more advanced uranium enrichment by Iran, but even they are not being mentioned.
 The function of the pressure on Iran and other &quot;suspicious&quot; of the country was a summit on nuclear security, which the U.S. president Obama gathered in Washington on 12th-13th April, with the aim, he said, rid the world of nuclear weapons and to prevent terrorists seize fusionog materials for such weapons. His call responded to 47 states, including all the permanent members of the Security Council. Significantly, the calls are not sent to North Korea, Iran and Syria (Syria, like Iran, a signatory to the NPT, but was declared &quot;suspicious&quot;), and was sent to Israel, but Netanyahu dismissed the call. Obama did not say it, but instead isprsio British Foreign Secretary Miliband, who sent a message &quot;Iranians and others&quot;, that &quot;military nuclear programs are dangerous, especially in regions like the Middle East.&quot; The Israeli nuclear arsenal is not discussed. Obama is on the sidelines of a summit led by separate talks with Chinese President Hu Džintauom Medvedev and Russian.
 Both needed to finally convince the anti-Iranian sanctions are necessary. And they agreed to start formal talks on the issue in the Security Council of the UN. Clinton Secretary of State has publicly claimed that it is necessary to impose sanctions on Iran that it will &quot;cripple&quot; (crippling sanctions). It was not clear on what she thought, until I later saw that he was trying to prevent buying naftinih products and possibly prevent the export of oil and natural gas. That is why American diplomacy has lobbied for Saudi Arabia to take delivery of the oil that China has previously purchased from Iran (15 percent of China&#39;s needs). Was carried out and the pressure on companies that sold Iran naphtha derivatives and some were canceled on delivery. The Russians, however blackmailed the U.S. ratification of the START II agreement, which the Obama and Medvedev earlier signed in Prague, and they also are interested to achieve some of them acceptable agreement antiraktnoj defense of Europe.
 Medvedev has even said that &quot;sanctions against Iran might be necessary.&quot; I Netanyahu traveled to Moscow, explaining that the risk communicators and their threat of Iranian nuclear weapons, and two of his ministers was sent to Beijing. &#39;The friendly persuasion &quot;were not spared permanent Security Council members, who have established friendly relations with Iran. Clinton is on his blitz tour of Latin America stopped in Brasilia, but she was told that Brazil will not defer to the sanctions until the problem can be solved through diplomatic channels. And NATO ally Turkey was activated on the opposite side. Ankara, however, maintains friendly relations with Iran, a balanced relationship with Hamas and Abbas administration and successfully cooperating with Syria. Prime Minister Erdogan during his visit to Paris, drew attention to the Israeli war machine and a nuclear arsenal, marking them as &quot;a major threat to Middle East peace.&quot;
 A little later on the initiative of President da Silva in Brasilia, the so-called leaders gathered. BRIC countries - Russian President Medvedev, China&#39;s Hu and Indian Prime Minister Singh. Previously, the Brazilian President and Indian Prime Minister met with South African President zoom, while da Silva met separately with Turkish Foreign Minister Davutoglu. According to Brazilian Foreign Minister Amorim, who attended all the meetings, the talks showed &quot;a high degree of similarity in the approach to Iran.&quot; Neither Tehran is not sitting idly by. Hosted an international conference held from 18th 17.do April on nuclear disarmament, held under the slogan &quot;Nuclear energy for all nuclear weapons to anyone!&quot; Responded to the representatives of sixty countries, including 42 of the Minister of Foreign Affairs or their deputies, including from China, Russia, Pakistan, India, Turkey and Iraq. In the final declaration expressed &quot;concern at the existence of weapons of mass destruction, particularly nuclear, as well as the threat that it is used.
 Repeated the earlier request of Non-Aligned Movement to transform the Middle East a zone free of nuclear weapons (fn). More Muslim delegates to the roll-call was called Israel. Delegation of Turkey, Syria, Lebanon and Iraq have provided support for Iran&#39;s program for the peaceful use of nuclear energy. In short, Iran has recorded a point in wrestling with Washington. He proved that it is not isolated as recently claimed Obama. Seven days later, Ahmadinejad has arrived in Uganda, another permanent member of the Security Council, trying to convince, I think, without success, the President Musovenija the peacefulness of Iran&#39;s nuclear program. The Israeli nuclear arsenal 10/05/2010 I wrote earlier on the H-Alter (01/06) on short nuklaernom Israeli arsenal. Now something more. According to the editor of the journal Foreign Affairs Sasha Polakow-Suranskom, whose book on the collaboration of Israel and racist South African regime just NGN (Unspoken Alliance: Israel&#39;s Secret Relationship with Apartheid South Africa, Pantheon Books, 2010), former Israeli Defense Minister Shimon Peres (now President of Israel) in 1975.
 offered to sell its South African counterpart, PW Both Jericho missiles equipped with nuclear heads. It was a time of intense military cooperation between the two regimes, when the JAR, then exposed to an international embargo, was the largest purchaser of Israeli arms. This is confirmed by South Africa&#39;s recently declassified documents and confidential notes of the official South African participants in the talks. The British Guardian published a facsimile of a document published in the above-mentioned book. Apparently the Israeli diplomats earlier unsuccessfully tried to stop the declassification of these documents, which confirm not only that at the time Israel was already in possession of nuclear weapons, but that he tried to sell some of it prokazanoj racist country. Otherwise it&#39;s just 1986th nuclear technician Mordechai Vanunu discovered by British reporters that Israel in its research center in Dimona in the desert Negevskoj produce nuclear weapons.
 However, except for photographs of this object, in which he once worked, they could not offer any evidence. Mossad agents kidnapped him after that in Italy. In Israel, the convicted behind closed doors for 18 years in prison, of which 11 are spent in solitary confinement. After serving his sentence has been acquitted, but underwent drastic restrictions on movement and communication. Since it does not seem to comply, he completed his six months in prison. These days again arrested and sentenced to three months. For many Israelis - he is a traitor, but others consider him a hero. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize, but was not granted, until it got Peres 1994th (In company with Rabin and Arafat). Of course, from the office of Israel&#39;s president denied allegations Polakow-Suranskoga as &quot;completely unfounded&quot;. Israel, as I already said, is not a signatory to the NPT, and is neither a signatory to the International Convention on the nonproliferation of biological weapons.
 It is known that also has chemical weapons. In addition, it produced at least two hundred nuclear warheads, some argue, even four hundred. It has also with ballistic missiles, some of which can be thrown to the intercontinental 11.500 kilometers. When it comes to nuclear weapons, abide by the &quot;politics of ambiguity&quot;, in fact, never admitted that it has, or is denied. Unofficial, however, worked hard to prove he was &quot;responsible country&quot;, unlike the example of Iran, who allegedly did not. However, the above-mentioned publication of compromising South Africa&#39;s documents fell awkwardly, just in time for the conference of the UN to discuss the Non-Proliferation of nuclear weapons. Later added in writing: The Sunday Times, which calls for Israel&#39;s &quot;Colonel O.&quot; in the Persian Gulf were sent to three Dolphin-class submarines, armed with nuclear missiles, in order &quot;to deter Iran from attacking Israel.&quot;
 Their immediate task is to collect intelligence data, and potentially deploy the Mossad agents.
 