Amorgos (Greek Αμοργός) naistočniji the Greek island of the Cyclades group of islands in the Aegean Sea. The island is closest to the second group of the Dodecanese islands. Municipality of Amorgos in which several of the island, one of which is the largest island Nikoria, has an area of 126.346 km ² and 1859 inhabitants (census 2001). Contents [edit] Geographic features of Amorgos is situated about 30 km southeast of Naxos. The island is about 33 km and 6.5 km wide at the narrowest part of only 1.9 km. The island has an area of 121.464 km ², is mountainous and the highest peak Krikelos (or Kroukelos) located in the northeast and has 822 m. from the southeast mountain range drops steeply to the sea. [Edit] History of The Monastery of Panagia Kosoviotisa Amorgos position near the shores of the ancient Ionian cities, like Miletus, Halicarnassus to Ephesus, he was stepping point through which the Ionians passed through the Cyclades to the Greek mainland. Once there were three independent Amorgos town; Minoa, Arkesine and Aigiale, of which there are now only traces, they are the witnesses of size and power of an ancient civilization that existed on the island.
 Amorgos was inhabited since prehistoric times, as evidenced by numerous finds from the late kikladske culture. After that period the island has gone Minoan culture, then fell under the Athens and Rome. Amorgos in its history was known as Iperia, Patagi or Platagi, PAG, and Psihia Karkisia. Part of the island where stood an ancient temple of Aphrodite called the aspis. Because the name of one of the ancient cities of Minoa is suspected to have been colonized by Cretans Amorgos. Around 630th pr. Kr., Poet Semonides led the colonists from Samos, who founded the village in Amorgos. After the island changed its name to Amolgon, Amourgon, Amorgian and Amourgian. After the fifth century the island was called Amoulgos, to know the fact because the island&#39;s Bishop Theodore was a participant and a signatory of the Synod of Constantinople (he signed as Bishop Teodor steamers, and Sifniona Amoulgiona). The Venetian Republic was ruled island of 13 century, a full three centuries after the island government Ottoman Empire, as do 1832.
 when the island becomes part of the Kingdom of Greece. A very powerful earthquake of 7.5 degrees on the Richter scale, struck the island of 9th srpnja 1953. killed 53 people. [1]. [Edit] Sights Because of their unusual position, on a steep cliff, especially pitoreskan Monastery of Panagia Kozoviotisa the 11th century, which is located northeast of the island&#39;s settlement Kora (Amorgos). [Edit] Villages largest settlements on Amorgos are: [edit] See also this [edit] Sources [edit] External links Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amorgos Categories: Greek Islands | Cyclades
 