Unlike the American Constitution there is no original EU Constitution - there are just translations. In these translations has subtle differences - the different languages are developed, the expression of razlictih culture, they are different subtleties and nuances - so the constitution in every EU member has a different tone. What we are people who share my opinion warned - that the EU can not survive unless, because of European political elites, no one wants such a Union, because Europe is a cultural, rather than a geographical term - exactly what happened. To me this happy? Many would prefer wrote: I am greatly mistaken, and ashamed of their blindness. But, as it was feared, political elites before deepened, rather than eliminate the differences that exist among us. North and South Europe Contrary to northern Europe, where he works harder, save more, grow trees and citizens have a responsibility towards the country, located south of the continent where the usual siesta, where he went to dinner after ten nevečer streets, forcing the Bulls and cheating State is a national sport.
 And northerners is only due to rules imposed by elites, to back loaded debt Southerners. The problem is that it does not feel any solidarity with the Greeks, nor the Spaniards. I really like the Spaniards and the Greeks know. But do not feel any obligation to take care of their financial worries. I have enough personal problems. Greeks were victims of some supernatural force, no tsunami was not ravaged the Greek islands - for what happened to them are themselves to blame. Intend to retire early. Intend the 13th and 14 salaried. Beautiful! Be sure to let it be. But, made in Greece, and not on my own expense. From the Greek does not come only for democracy, derived from the Greek word, and crisis and chaos. Bildunterschrift: &quot;Greece is not mowed ... the tsunami crisis, the Greeks are to blame ...&quot; says de Winter Iznadnacionalne political elite iznadnadnacionalne Our political elite think differently about it. Their credibility was inextricably linked with the &quot;project Europe&quot; and therefore argue that we have to save the Greeks, because otherwise we ourselves hopelessly lost.
 But not so. As for me, the Greeks can still go bankrupt. After that we will have to bail out our banks that recklessly lent them billions, but it is low cost compared with a load of us in the years to come makes the EU. Indebtedness to the south has reached dramatic proportions - it has enabled the EU and the Greeks and Spaniards, who were not ashamed to sneak off to the shoulder hand in the treasury of the EU, they have done nothing but take advantage of this opportunity. Without the EU, which provided an opportunity for banks to bowl them all these billions, these countries would never have succeeded to such an extent in charge of pub. (By the way, tops of banks and politics are separate iznadnacionalni space). European Common Market (ZET) was an ideal model for Europe. But our ambitious politicians have agreed on a project of historic dimensions - the peaceful unification of Europe deceptive conquests of the new European bureaucracy. EU Constitution as the work of technocrats crisis in Greece shows us that a united Europe does not exist and that is to fix ideas birokracije.Kada Brussels in Brussels, discussed the EU constitution, I wondered why its creators are not ideological in television and radio throughout Europe.
 Where were their fiery talk? Where were their lectures on the European spirit and European mission in the world? The European constitution is not the work of the father-founder of the prophetic vision, but the work of technocrats who smelled a huge opportunity: to solve the problems of Mediterranean countries are required hundreds of billions of euros. In other words - the debts of these countries will take over the EU and eventually the taxpayers pay for them, their children and children of their children. This will reduce the standard in the north for the next few generations. Brussels will be nice to all countries to regulate and rescued from bankruptcy dictate strict conditions. When rescue fails to follow inflation and debt, along with our savings, lost. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Protests in Athens because of the austerity measures of the referendum question Greece is the first country that has so much of the transfer of sovereignty to Brussels.
 Greece will become a real protectorate Brussels, ancient cultural nation that has its own traditions and way of life will be managed by technocrats iznadnacionalni. I wonder how long it will last. It would be nice if the EU members who should pay the bill now organized referendum. The question should be: not a common European market without the euro a better alternative than the EU that sobbing under the weight of euro. Brussels technocrats who would in this case lose their jobs, they would find a job as a waiter in a Greek restaurant. Sometimes, in the depths of a drawer I find to provoke guilder. Recently I even found a bill of one hundred guilders. I will not substitute for the euro. I&#39;ll keep it until the return guilder. And German mark. I lire. Drachmas. The common European market, &quot;writes nizozemskii writer Leon de Winter, 56, in an essay published by&quot; Der Spiegel - Online. Prepared by: Nenad Briski Odg.ured: Zeljko Telišman
 