On this day 1986th The nuclear power plant in Chernobyl in the Soviet Union took the largest nuclear accident in Europe, which is destroying one of the four reactor caused a release of large amounts of radioactive dust, almost nine times more contamination than those after the explosion in Hiroshima. The clouds of radioactive dust after the explosion of the reactor borne by air currents affecting most residents of Belarus, and Ukraine and Russia, and they stopped just over Scandinavia. As the main cause of the accident today was mentioned, as was the case then, unsafe nuclear reactors of Soviet design, and the error not enough skilled people in an attempt to establish stabilization of unforeseen work then destabiliziranog reactor. The then Soviet authorities about the accident were not immediately informed the international public opinion, but it appeared three days later, when the Swedish meteorologists noted a high degree of radioakitvnosti Sweden.
 In konspirativnoj climate controlled by the then Soviet authorities (during the Glasnost and Mikhail Gorbachev), thirty Ukrainian firefighters extinguished without the necessary protection of the fire at the scene, who in a short time later died as a result of radiation. Over the damaged reactor within a short time built a concrete &quot;sarcophagus&quot; that was supposed to stop the further effect of radiation on the environment and population, and between it and other objects, which were still in use, was built in concrete barrier thickness of 200 meters. About 135,000 people after the accident have been evacuated from towns Pripjat, Chernobyl and the surrounding villages, in whose vicinity of the accident, however, according to unofficial estimates today from radiation died between 200 and 400 000 people. Almost unbelievably operates an indication that the power plant continued to operate, and it is completely ceased to work only 2000th
 year. The town of Chernobyl is now completely abandoned, but the site of Chernobyl reactor 4 is currently about 135 tons of highly radioactive uranium and plutonium, which is a consequence of radiation, which in turn causes deformation of structure of metal from which the sarcophagus was made. Today&#39;s radiation at 100 meters from the reactor is about 500 milli Roentgen / h, which is about 50,000 times more radiation than &quot;normal&quot;. Ukrainian authorities in 2005. The action triggered a worldwide quality and long-term reconstruction of the accident and disposal of harmful wastes and materials, and in 2007. signed a contract with a consortium francuskoim Norvark whereby in 2010. intends to begin construction of a new protective sarcophagus, which will be made to the highest safety standards and its duration will be at least 100 years. Ukraine is the name of this project and received financial assistance of the West, however, the reactions, probably generated by evoking memories of an unpleasant event, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has said that &quot;... Ukraine needs more international money to be made secure concrete sarcophagus around the fourth reactor Chernobyl nuclear power plant that exploded 24 years ago, &quot;...
 and that ... &#39;Additional needs are a total of around 400 million euros. &quot;Convinced that the United States, which pledged 250 million U.S. dollars, Europe will not be anything less help in solving this problem, we mention that the scientists, who last year studied the Chernobyl area, noted that herbal and wildlife began to recover amazingly quickly, and settled by the animals that were almost extinct. Today, when we recall the accident, we know that the Chernobyl disaster has launched the European civil organizations struggle against European nuclear installations, or encourage a deeper awakening of environmental consciousness on a global scale. Photo: Wikipedia EO
 