The closest we Americans can get a wedding of European royal families will take place today - in the village of Rhinebeck, about 150 kilometers north of New York, the Astor estate Courts. Get married to a 30-year-old Chelsea Clinton, and 32-year-old Marc Mezvinsky. For a special day in the life of the only daughter of former U.S. President Bill Clinton and current Secretary of State Hillary Clinton any cost is not too large, it is estimated that the wedding, at which will gather 500 invited guests, cost about 3.5 million euros. About 500,000 euros was spent on setting up a tent outside the main building on the property, almost 350,000 euros cost flower arrangements dominated lilies and orchids. Guests will be available luxury portable restrooms with porcelain shells, designer toilet paper and a choice of music, and all this will cost more than ten thousand euros. Peterokatna wedding cake has a price of 7500 euros, and it created a Ron Ben-Israel, signed and wedding cake to a gay wedding in the movie &quot;Sex and the City 2&quot;.
 Because Chelsea was vegan for ten years, the menu with local specialties will find vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free foods. The media have failed to learn to wear a dress which will be Chelsea, the choice is narrowed down to two names - Vera Wang and Oscar de la Renta, but the price is known - about 17,000 euros, while the bride to wear jewelry worth about 170,000 euros. For security measures, which include no-fly zone above the location of the wedding, blocking nearby roads, police dogs, etc., will be spent around 140,000 euros, and transportation of guests, which will include Oprah Winfrey, Steven Spielberg, Ted Turner, Barbra Streisand, but not the president Barack Obama, who reportedly was not invited, will cost around 350,000 euros. Of course, the parents of a young couple can afford such a luxury for their children. Bill and Hillary Clinton, apparently, between the 2000th and 2007. year earned about 70 million U.S. dollars. Marc is the son of divorced parents - former NBC reporter, LV Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky and Edward M.
 Mezvinskog, and both were members of Congress. Chelsea and Marc, who grew up with ten brothers and sisters, biological and adopted, friends from his teenage and college days, they became a couple five years ago and became engaged last fall. Chelsea then got a million dollars worth of diamond engagement ring. Marc and I very well earned as an investment banker, and Chelsea, after studying history at Stanford and magistriranja in international relations at Oxford, worked for New York&#39;s consulting firm McKinsey &amp; Company, and is currently studying Public Health at Columbia University. Besides the great educational and political background of the family, the young couple has something else in common - their fathers had a big scandal. Bill adulterous affair in the White House, while Ed Mezvinsky spent five years in prison for a series of fraud and he will reportedly be on the wedding ceremony, but not later at the reception.
 Maria Covic
 