Where were the Arab regimes when more than one million children died as a result of Iraq sanctions, which were sponsored by the United Nations? Where these regimes were in the past 60 years since it was brutally occupied Palestine by the Jews? Where are the Arab regimes that are defense? Where are these countries to express at least one conviction against the internationally supported &quot;illegal&quot; invasion and occupation of Iraq? Where these regimes when impoverished and powerless Muslims around the world call for help? Where are the Arab nations to help the Muslims of Somalia? Where are the Arab regimes as hundreds of Muslims detained and tortured at Guantanamo. Rather, they become complicit with the infidel nations in the torture of Muslims, as apparent in today&#39;s crusade on Islam and Muslims. The fact is that these Arab regimes infidel, as Allah said: O believers, take not for protectors of Jews and Christians! They are protecting themselves! And their is the one among you who accept them for patrons, Allah will not really show the right path to people who do injustice to ourselves.
 (Qur&#39;an, 5:51) Commenting on these words of Ibn Hazm said in al-Muhalla (11/138): &quot;The truth is told when the Almighty says, &#39;and their one among you who are the patrons (friends) accepts&#39;. These words must be understood on the basis of their external meanings. The person you are saying here is an infidel, in a general sense of the word, and that no Muslim could disagree with that. &quot;Moreover, Sheikh Muhammad ibn Abdul-Wehhab, rahimehullah, he mentioned ten things that negate Islam and where in the eighth paragraph says: &quot;Who supports the infidels and unbelievers who assists against believers, Islam denies its own (ie, out of faith, nap.prev.). Evidence for this are the words of Allah: O believers, take not for protectors of Jews and Christians! They are protecting themselves! And their is the one among you who accept them for patrons, Allah will not really show the right path to people who do injustice to ourselves. (Qur&#39;an, 5:51) &quot;The leaders of Muslim countries throughout the world are renegades from Islam because they are allies in the fight against the infidels of Islam and Muslims.
 Saudi Arabia - King Abdullah he was allowed the Americans to establish military bases in the Forbidden land of two holy places (Mecca and Medina). In March 2008. King Abdullah called for &quot;brotherly and honest dialogue among believers of all religions.&quot; He donated $ 50 million in cash and 10 million in humanitarian aid to victims of the earthquake that occurred on 2008. in China, and only 8 million dollars was donated by the Muslims of Gaza in January 2009. (in addition to promises of a billion dollars in donations, nap. prev). He recognizes the defined borders of Israel. 1967. Two of Satan - Abdullah and Benedict 2007th year, he met with Pope Benedict (who had insulted the Prophet Muhammad, sallallahu PBUH) and presented him with a golden statue of a silver sword decorated with jewels and gold statue of palm tree with a man who rides a camel. In return, the pope gave him a picture of the Vatican from 16-th century, and a gold medal which belonged to the &quot;Holy See&quot; .
 Egypt - President Hosni Mubarak Hosni Mubarak at the beginning of 2009-and said that he would like to see Israel as the victor in the conflict in Gaza. Egypt was a U.S. ally 1991st in the First Gulf War, and Egypt were among the first soldiers arrived in Saudi Arabia to eject Iraqi forces from Kuwait. After the war, Egypt was rewarded by the Allies so that he has forgiven the debt of 20 billion dollars. Every year, Egypt receives 2 billion U.S. dollars to help the Ameriike. 80 000 Muslims in Egypt&#39;s prisons just because they want to establish šerijetsku country. The U.S. military is training Egyptian soldiers to locate and destroy tunnels that connect Egypt and Gaza, to prevent the flow of weapons from Sinai to Gaza. In January 2009, U.S. Congressman Steve Israel, after talks with President Hosni Mubarak said that Egypt, America will donate 23 million dollars from its own budget for buying military equipment to locate the tunnel (where the people of Gaza secretly supplied with food and medicine since Egyptian pharaoh Mubarak holds border with Gaza closed, while his bosses orders otherwise, nap.prev.) Egypt every year 11 million tourists visited Egypt, which brings revenue of 10 billion dollars earned from the sale of alcohol, drugs, visits from idolatrijskim nudist beaches and attractions such as the pyramids , as well as visitors who enjoy the belly dance, singing and debauchery films.
 Hundreds of Muslims in Sudan and Darfur in 2005. The massacred in Cairo by Egyptian of security forces and police who raided the refugee camp where there are 3500 Muslim refugees. Two Pharaohs - Egypt and Israel (Mubarak and Olmert) Egypt was the first Arab country in 1979. recognize Israel. Jordan - King Abdullah II of Jordan&#39;s first member of the Constitution reads: &quot;Hašimijska Kingdom of Jordan is an independent Arab state. The inherent and inalienable, and no part can not secede. The people of Jordan is part of the Arab nation, a country is a parliamentary government with a hereditary monarchy. &quot;Jordan is the second largest recipient of U.S. aid. In 2008. the American military and economic assistance to Jordan has amounted to 561.4 million dollars. This assistance includes anti-missile technology for the F-16, Stinger, military communications equipment, facilities for spying, Black Hawk helicopters, etc.
 Jordan secretly providing logistical support to U.S. Army and also train Iraqi cadets (members of NATO&#39;s first military terrorist training in the Jordanian desert and then sent to Iraq to kill Muslims, nap.prev.). Apostate king of Jordan has alienated much of the Muslim countries, including the Archdiocese of Jerusalem would some land to build a church where, by tradition krišćanskoj, Krstittelj John baptized Jesus. 1994th Jordan signed an armistice with Israel. Jordanian king believes that the Palestinian-Israeli conflict should be resolved through a two-state solution. Syria - President Bashar al-Assad Assad family is a member of unbelieving alevija Shiite sect (also known as nusajrije) that attributed divinity to Ali, Allahu anhu, claiming that Ali creator of heaven and earth, and that he is a god in heaven and on earth have. They have legalized drugs, disbelieve in the resurrection on Judgement Day and they believe in reincarnation.
 During the French mandate in Syria (1918 - 1946), aleviti were recognized and were given autonomy, they even included in the composition of the invading colonial troops. Since 2001. by 2004, the CIA has put a person suspected of terrorism in Syrian prisons where they were tortured. In 1982. Hafiz el-Assad, father of Bashar al-Assad, has ordered his army to kill about 40 000 suni Muslims in Hama, who represented a threat to the Syrian government. The son inherited his father&#39;s brutal character, especially when it comes to the Muslims of Kurdistan. Hundreds of Kurds were killed, missing, detained in custody, tortured, deprived of their right to own property, and some of them can not get any medical treatment in public hospitals. In April 2008, President Assad and Israeli officials, with Turkey as mediator, discussed the possibility of signing a permanent ceasefire. Turkey until 1924, Turkey has been home to the last remnants of an Islamic state - the caliphate.
 After the symbolic abolition of the caliphate, the Islamic way of life disappeared and human made laws have been ruled. 1928th The Turkish government has adopted a new constitution in which Islam is no longer part of the constitution and officially declared Turkey as a secular state. 1945th The Turkey was one of the founding members of the United Nations, Reaffirming once more loyalty to human laws. The Turkish government has given support to U.S. and allied forces in the fight against the Muslims during the First and Second zeljevskog war. Turkey&#39;s &quot;Islamists&quot; Erdogan with U.S. fighter for the &quot;peace&quot; Turkey is one of the strongest and most strategically important U.S. ally. On its territory, the Americans built the air base near the border with Syria and Iraq. Turkey was very service in the U.S. fight against Islam and Muslims that began after the events of 11 September, allowing America to launch air strikes from Turkish bases, and providing military and logistical support during the attack on Afghanistan and Iraq.
 Although Turkey is one of the greatest military powers of today, it has never sent its army to defend the Muslims. Rather, it uses that power within Turkey by threatening those who are sympathetic to Islam, thereby ensuring the survival of Turkey as a democratic secularist state. In 1949, Turkey was the first Muslim country that is officially recognized by the pirate state of Israel. And after the U.S., Turkey is considered one of the closest allies of Israel, according to the level of military, diplomatic and strategic cooperation between the two countries, and bearing in mind the fact that Turkey provides the Israeli army necessarily need air space to perform military exercises. &quot;Islamists&quot; Erdogan &quot;wise&quot; appearance with the Zionist manslayers Muslim children - Ariel Sharon now plans are underway to set up pipelines from Turkey to supply Israel with water, electricity, gas and oil. Turkey is committed to Israel, and refuses to talk about the Israeli massacres in Gaza, the lebanonskoj crisis in general and the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
 In 2006, Turkish Foreign Minister characterized the relations between Turkey and Israel as a &quot;perfect&quot;. UAE (United Arab Emirates) United Arab Emirates (UAE) federation are made up of seven states formed 1971st After obtaining independence from Britain. Emirates are keeping strong ties with Britain wanting this intimate relations with Western countries. To maintain and develop these links, Emirates was given full military, logistical and financial support from America and Britain in their barbaric war against &quot;terrorism&quot;. Since the beginning of the first Gulf War, Emirates Western countries are allowed to build military bases on their territory, such as military base Al-Dhafra located outside Abu Dhabi. These are military bases to facilitate the execution of operations during the first Gulf War and the implementation of an operation called the Northern Guard. President Emirates Khalif al-Nahyan awarded Bush Award for effectively killing Muslims UAE supported the U.S. military occupation of Iraq (2003) and Afghanistan (2001), allowing military attacks from bases on their territory along with other forms of attack - from the sea, sky and the countries.
 Emirates are comprehensively supported the global war against Islam and Muslims by helping, among other things, military operations against Somalia. At home, UAE defend Muslims to fulfill their Islamic duties in helping the people of Afghanistan and Iraq. UAE arrest and torture Muslims who express a desire to help other Muslims, and teach them disbelievers of the West (that these continue to test and torture of potential &quot;terrorists&quot;). Iran after Iran&#39;s &quot;Islamic&quot; revolution, when the government ousted Shah Reza Pahlavi, and when he founded the Islamic Republic of Iran 1979, Iran from the rest of the world and from many Muslims regarded as a state based on Islam. It could not be further from the truth! In reality, Iran is based upon the teachings of the Shia sect rafidija, which has always been an enemy of Islam and Muslims, alliances (against Muslims) with the unbelievers for their own political or religious uses. At home, the Iranian government restricts the activities of Sunni minority, particularly scholars, where a handful for years under house arrest, which are usually convicted of &quot;crimes&quot; such as opposing the regime and Shia apostasy (the &quot;right&quot; of Shia learning).
 The regime has imprisoned, tortured, abused and savagely killed those who opposed his evil beliefs. Iran is fully supported by the rise of Shia rafidija in the world, supports the insurgency in Pakistan, Lebanon, Iraq, UAE and even Saudiskoj Arabia, while seeking ways to profit from the Crusades against Islam and Muslims. Iran has given full support šijjama rafidijama in Iraq that have killed thousands of Muslims from the beginning of the America-led occupation 2003rd year. After taking power Shiite Iraqi government has openly discriminated against Shuni. Shiite and American troops in Iraq after &quot;successfully&quot; carried out actions against the Muslims of Iraq with Iranian support, lebanonska group Hezbollah took control of large territory of Lebanon, where Muslims are oppressed Shuni. Iran propagated by Satan rafidijska muslimaskim beliefs in many countries, bringing doubt into the minds of many Muslims, so they carried away with the times Ehli Sunnah wa&#39;l Jama&#39;at.
 Iran also sponsors many groups and organizations that are undermining the conviction of true believers. From the electronic magazine &quot;The Islamist&quot; vol 3 To Put believers translate: Nina Tags: Arab regimes | Arab governments | Arab | Muslim leaders Newer news items: Older news items: &lt;&lt;Previous page
 