Peruvian writer, politician, journalist and essayist Mario Vargas Llosa is this year&#39;s Nobel Prize for Literature. Swedish Academy was again surprised by the public because they are among the most likely winners were North American and African authors. In the opinion of the board of the Nobel Prize is that it Llosa received the cartographic representation of the structures of power and sharp image of resistance, rebellion and defeat the individual. Vargas Llosa is one of the most important writers in Latin America and one of the leading authors of his generation. Some literary critics believe that Vargas Llosa has a greater international influence and a larger circle of readers in the world than any other writer in Latin America. Mario Vargas Llosa was born in Peru in the 28th Areuiquipai ožujka 1936th year. The wider public became famous novel, City and dogs in 1962. in which he described growing up. The following is a novel green house. It should be noted, and his crime novel Who Killed Palomino Montera? and a novel that describes the celebration Jarcevo power Rafael Trujillo in the Dominican Republic.
 He is the author of erotic novels and two pomajci Dedication and notebooks of Don Rigoberto. He started the political waters of the 1990th The kandidiravši for president of Peru. Married twice, has three children. Today he lives in Madrid, in 1993. accepted Spanish citizenship. I did not know that I am among the candidates, &quot;said Vargas Llosa (74) in his first reaction to news that the Nobel Prize. I think this is recognition latinskoameričkoj Literature and Spanish, and because we all have to be happy, &quot;he added. Nobel Prize for Literature is awarded 1,901th, and the first winner was a French poet and philosopher Sully Prudhomme. Prize for Literature is awarded seven times since the statute of the Nobel Foundation says that it will not be granted if no author in the year does not match your criteria. The youngest winner to date is Rudyard Kipling, best known for The Jungle Book, who won the Nobel Prize 1907th
 at the age of 42 years. One hundred years later, 2007., The award was given 88-year-old Doris Lessing, and thus became the oldest winner. Until today, the Nobel prize for literature declined two people. Boris Pasternak, winner of the 1958th, at first accepted the award, but was later forced the Soviet government that refuses. Jean Paul Sartre, who refused any official recognition, the award was refused 1964th Nobel Prize for Literature is awarded to anyone twice.
 