The Pentagon does not say publicly how much it will cost to locate and killing a Taliban soldier because the price is so high that skandaliozno makes super-Taliban soldiers. As will be shown in this? Paper, the estimated cost to kill a Taliban about $ 100 million, with a conservative estimate of 50 million dollars. Should lead public debate in America about whether the Taliban have become too costly an enemy to fight against them. Pentagon each month publishes a range of suspect statistics to create the illusion of progress in Afghanistan. In response, the author decided to compile their own statistics. Since the goal of any war to kill the enemy, the idea was to be made? Calculated how much it cost to kill one enemy soldier. Obstacles in creating such a (unbiased) statistics are enormous. The problem is that the Pentagon continues to illegally classifies all of the negative war news and unpleasant information.
 Regardless, some information is gathered from independent sources. Taliban-x is what we know about the essence and round numbers: 1 I ways the Taliban in the area: 35,000 soldiers second Taliban killed each year: 2,000 (best [1] available information) 3 Direct costs for the Pentagon&#39;s war in Afghanistan in 2010. year: $ 100 billion in fourth Indirect costs the Pentagon for the war in Afghanistan in 2010. year: 100 billion dollars used? and the fact that in 2000 the Taliban have been killed every year and that the Pentagon spends 200 billion a year for the war in Afghanistan, ra? unica is simple, you just need to share numbers. The result shows that it spent 100 million dollars to kill one Taliban soldier. To be conservative, the author has decided to double? And the number of Taliban killed each year by an American heavy and NATO forces (although the likelihood of such an unlikely situation). This reduces costs by killing every Taliban 50 million dollars, which is the title of this? Lanka.
 Finally a number is outrageously high, no matter how calculated? Unao. To perceive this information in another way, using the conservative estimate of 50 million dollars to kill a single Taliban: the taxpayers in America will cost a billion dollars killing 20 Taliban. According to the budget? Accounts the American military would have about 35,000 tvrdolinijskih Taliban, assuming that they will not do? And reinforcements and replacements from Pakistan and Iran: Only the killing there? Them Taliban would cost 1.75 billion dollars (1 750 billion U.S. dollars). The reason for these exorbitant charges is that America has the largest in the mechanized, computerized, synchronized and armed troops, not to mention najrazmaženiju. An estimated 150 000 civilian performers and? And supports, protects, nourishes and supplies an American who staff in Afghanistan, which is zaprepaš? Uju? Number. Americans enjoy such a swagger and unlike most mostly because no other country does not want to spend (tra? I) so much money on its military.
 Troma an American war machine to a night at sea logistics and maintenance of train wrecks. It is also a part-myth. The author of this? Lanka has served in senior position in an American air anyone breaking forces. Their &quot;smart&quot; bombs are not even close to consistent this option as it boasts the Pentagon. Military ordnance is still neta? On; even the U.S. smoking standard rifles are often immature Taliban weapons, because they have bigger range. The American javnst to be pale when they really learned the whole story perceived poor quality of weapons and equipment to be purchased from their money paid as a tax case. If President Obama rejects drastic? Pentagon does not reform the inefficient ways leader of the war, he can conclude that the Taliban were the enemy too expensive to fight them. Then I would not have much choice but to leave the Afghans Taliban &quot;super warriors.&quot; It will be unbearable shame. The problem is not only inside the Pentagon. Unhappily an American who state ministry is equally wrong: 1
 I still sit on the sidelines of that war. 2nd Nine years of refusing to implementuju proper and civilian expertise olds. 3rd Continue to employ nepristojih and offensive performers and? And security. 4th Failure to fight for the needs of Afghan civilians and 5 Have invested quite a bit of effort to win their hearts and minds. The crucial statistic that shows this is a comparison of military and security spending by either the United States in Afghanistan, with the expenditure for civil purposes, such as reconstruction. The statistics are as follows: The money spent for military / providing Bed: 365 billion dollars in money spent on Afghan civilians: $ 8.5 billion this latter number says: FAILURE! The American diplomats and USAID will have failed to improve the lives of ordinary? NIH Afghans as rezltat achieve the impossible? E. Lack of decision-option and interest in? Did all that already and no disappointment? Aranih Afghans see the Taliban government as a potential improvement.
 Appendix (follow will information) Power Taliban in the field: Image of 35,000 is based on the testimony given by Gen. Stanley MekKristal earlier this year. Pentagon refuses to disclose the total number of Taliban killed every month in Afghanistan by coalition forces, Special Operations personnel and the CIA. One of the reasons it became clear during the operation in Mušterek Marge, earlier this year. Pentagon and NATO refused to specify the actual number of Taliban casualties in Marjah because the number of annoying low. Ameri-smoking, NATO and Afghan forces, according to sources suffered most losses (killed and wounded) than the Taliban, which makes Marjah military defeat of the West (if they defeat or a victory? UJU the victims). To fill the vacuum Pentagon&#39;s silence on this issue, the media group announced its own budget? A Taliban losses based on official and press reports. Taliban_winTaj number is inflated because the American military to denote a member of each murdered as &quot;Taliban insurgents&quot; even if they are criminals, drug dealers, war profiteers, or civilians who are defending their homes.
 As a result of the Pentagon&#39;s lack of credibility on this issue, this author assumes that all of those marked as protected Taliban, only 50% of them really are. Associated Press reported that in 2008. year 3 800 militants were killed and 4 500 in 2009. year. Pro-NATO blogs, such as the internet site &quot;Terrorist Death Watch,&quot; the budget? Unali that the first January 2006. 3 667 killed &quot;terrorists&quot; in Afghanistan (about 700 annually). The author assumes that on average each year, killing 2 000 tvrdolinijskih Taliban. An American military expenditures: Total military expenditures in Afghanistan are not clear because the Pentagon does not publish all of their direct and indirect costs of war. While the most famous direct costs, billions of dollars for the CIA special operations costs were improperly classified and hidden. Besides the indirect costs of war (regular military salaries, depreciation of equipment, clothing and footwear? And, long term or health care expenses, within the United States to support the Pentagon, USTRANSCOM transportation costs, costs of borrowing? The means, etc.) are not the ? exactly known.
 Independent Study? EVENTS conducted the war in Iraq were made available? Unali that the indirect costs equal to or bigger than the direct costs. What we know about the direct costs of the Pentagon&#39;s next e: - Since 2001. and April 2009. The Pentagon has directly spent $ 171.7 billion in Afghanistan. - Since May 2009. until now, the Pentagon is directly spent an additional 166.3 billion. This is a tremendous growth over the past 17 months. Per month expenditures are not you? Eni also the stunning increase in em - for October 2009. The Pentagon has directly spent $ 3.6 billion - in February 2010. The Pentagon has directly spent $ 6.7 billion - in October 2010th with the addition of 35 000 combat and support? term soldiers in Afghanistan, the number should be close to $ 8 billion. According to some estimates the direct costs of the Pentagon in the Afghan war in 2010. amount to 105 billion dollars. Cost of an American male of the state ministry official: Ministry of State and USAID spent about $ 35 billion in Afghanistan since 2001.
 year. According to most estimates seem about 75% or 27.5 billion dollars was spent on training? PREVENTION, housing and equipping the Afghan security services, road construction with the balance (8.5 billion dollars) spent on civilian projects. Most of 8.5 billion is rubbed? Women in dilapidated schools and less &quot;trophy&quot; projects in Kabul. Author: Matthew Fill, Kabul Press
 