Author: Ana Muhar Posted: 29.01.2010 While Blair defended his policies, protesters have claimed that it must be held responsible for all casualties in Iraq Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair testified today as most expected the witness to questioning about the legal justification for the war in Iraq known as Chilcot testing (named after the head of the Commission, a diplomat Sir John Chilcote). RELATED NEWS News Public interest was remarkable for Blairovih provided six hours of giving evidence on the legality of the war in Iraq tickets have flared up in an instant. Blair is also found in the thankless position performs in front of 40 family members of soldiers killed in Iraq. More than a hundred family members urged him to receive them after the hearing. Queen Elizabeth II Centre, where Blair was questioned in the immediate vicinity of the British Parliament and the early morning, hundreds of demonstrators were besieged. &quot;I want to see him in The Hague because lying and ulizuje to America.
 We are not subordinate to the Americans! &quot;For Morning newspaper said Susan Haskins, 61-year-old writer from London. &quot;I believe that the invasion of Iraq was not legal. The death of thousands of civilians in Iraq is a war crime and Tony Blair must answer for it! &quot;Determined to Francis Martin, a 62-year-old retired teacher from London. He added that he was sure that Blair will find ways to justify because it is very agile speaker. Many police officers guarded the entrance building. Organizers of the protest, members of the activist group Stop the War! (Stop the war) dramatically chanted the names of Iraqi civilians killed in Iraq. &quot;I believe that Blair is a war criminal. Whatever happened today, our message is clear - he was obliged to answer us, &quot;said Jennifer Branlich American, 26-year-old activist. Protested and Lownsbrough Hanna, a 30-year-old director of Campaign 38 degrees. &quot;14 000 of our members was invited by John Chilcote Blair to set tough questions.
 This is a unique opportunity to learn the truth and that something like this never happen again, &quot;said Hanna for Jutarnji list. &quot;The whole situation shows that the international legal system does not work. The rules are obviously not the same for large and powerful country, &quot;said Kieeren Golcup, 24-year-old student from Northern Ireland, carrying banners saying&quot; Stop the imperialist wars! &quot;&quot; I am very angry that Blair ignored the people. He must be convicted of war crimes &quot;was a bitter 35-year-old journalist from London Grace McCann. Blair claimed that &quot;Saddam definitely had chemical weapons&quot; and that would certainly, sooner or later re-started the program of weapons of mass destruction. Denied any collusion with the then U.S. President George W. Bush. He also said he was still trying to convince Americans that Iraq and al-Qaeda two separate problems, but was concerned that some countries will be connecting to the terrorist network.
 With banners depicting blood umazan label Bliar (a play on words - Blair a liar), the protesters were determined to spend the day in place of the hearing to honor the victims and learn the truth about this war drama. &quot;The fact that we have here is very important because the world must see that we are all horrified by Blair&#39;s moves,&quot; said Zahir Aziz, a 56-year-old protester from San Francisco, a native Indian. Number of recommendations: 5 Publish to Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 