bili777777: And now I&#39;ll say one thing on which to many people laugh at me, but it does not matter ... I think, that in the near future to reach a large, massive conflict. On the one hand there will be US / UK / satellites, on the other hand China and maybe, just maybe Russia. U.S. sees progress in Chinese huge threat and will do everything to stop it. Directly can not. To persuade the Chinese to do their own stunts-just can not. It remains an indirect approach. One way to do it all the snorting of global warming, which in essence boils down to this: The Chinese should remain satisfied with a bowl of rice a day, and the fact that America consumes 30 +% of world energy, in order to save the world ... Another way to revoke China energy sources. The first step towards Iran. Another step the countries of Central Asia (Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan ...). Russia was third. For Iran to see this. To see this is, it is and will be even more to Central Asia.
 Russia remains for the future, because of her need to solve the first resolution of the matter under the first and 2 The Chinese are not stupid, of course-nor short-sighted. Build a pipeline across Sinkjanga and Karakorum to Pakistan&#39;s Gwadar port (just across the border of Iran). You know what this reminds me? On the German Baghdad Railway construction in the early 20th century. She is one of the reasons he came to WW1. Because with it, and built with access to oil in Iraq (at that time belonged to Turkey), the Royal Navy could cut off Germany and the Central Powers of oil. Something similar now, China is working with these pipelines. Also, anyone who thinks that China would just allow an attack on Iran and the penetration of Central Asia (which is now the next step) is either naive or stupid. It is a mortal threat to China. The Future of China (at least at the present state of technology, says that geography is the mother strategy, while the technology is the father) is directly dependent on maintaining security in energy supply without the possibility of blackmail by hostile states.
 So, it will be interesting, very interesting in the coming months, years and decades .... God forbid that I mistaken ...
 