Author: Slavica D. Dinos in Split today I was delighted as the children around me: in our town came Dinos! Who would have guessed such a thing is possible, moving dinosaurs traveling from city to city. And all of them are happy, especially children. Sure I do. No matter what I could almost have two grandsons. Complete &#39;Arena&#39; was filled with children&#39;s hubbub, they all ran around a little, touched the great beasts, some with fear, while others were daring. Listen, not a joke to pull the tail of such monsters, pat their teeth, retract into the hands of its gaping jaws. And they are all in natural size. Another addition to the very natural and genuine way, howling, waving beet and ganja and iskešenim teeth. And I was very wary of them, you never know what such a beast could do. I read that some guy almost bites off arm in an exhibition, probably made up a brave front rulers prehistory. No, no, do not touch the carnivores, with them you never know.
 My husband tells me that the whole &#39;Jurassic Park&#39; passed through the town, on open vehicles are šepurili biggest dinos, but they are not descended among the stunned passers-by. Are not they all carnivorous, herbivorous and there, but let&#39;s flip the head of the encyclopedia in a hurry when you find such a size before you. As in &#39;Arena&#39;, a small fenced rope, acting somewhat innocuous, less dangerous, almost docile. Even there who carelessly allow children to ride on their backs. Who can boast of riding the animal, and mobile? As I looked at them curiously, all the time I thought of the little friends from Dubrovnik, Niku, and Mara, so that they can enjoy this beauty! I know that Maro, with less than 7 years, knows every heart dinosaurs by name, and all of their biography. That&#39;s why I made this picture for them, believing that Dino Park will soon be in their city. Sure would liked those flyers, and if they can see the head, as, say, cut off, life-size, or some of the exposed skeleton.
 Ma has it all. And the screen can be traced from their life before some 200 million years, life is extinguished after only one hundred and fifty unreal and astonishing million years. One would say, while you&#39;re on the palm of your hand. But they, the main characters and historical tales, are back among us, and thanks to their Istrian makers, precision-guided computers, brought prehistory among us. Dino 078 Dino 051 Tyrannosaur teeth nice Parasaurolophus Triceratops Stegosaurus Toujiangosaurus bite you Baryonyx Dino 079 Dino 061 Dino Raptor I have to honestly say, just as sweet! Today I was happy as those around me: in our town came Dinos! Who would have guessed such a thing is possible, moving dinosaurs traveling from city to city. And all of them are happy, especially children. Sure I do. No matter what I could almost have two grandsons. Complete &#39;Arena&#39; was filled with children&#39;s hubbub, they all ran around a little, touched the great beasts, some with fear, while others were daring.
 Listen, not a joke to pull the tail of such monsters, pat their teeth, retract into the hands of its gaping jaws. And they are all in natural size. Another addition to the very natural and genuine way, howling, waving beet and ganja and iskešenim teeth. And I was very wary of them, you never know what such a beast could do. I read that some guy almost bites off arm in an exhibition, probably made up a brave front rulers prehistory. No, no, do not touch the carnivores, with them you never know. My husband tells me that the whole &#39;Jurassic Park&#39; passed through the town, on open vehicles are šepurili biggest dinos, but they are not descended among the stunned passers-by. Are not they all carnivorous, herbivorous and there, but let&#39;s flip the head of the encyclopedia in a hurry when you find such a size before you. As in &#39;Arena&#39;, a small fenced rope, acting somewhat innocuous, less dangerous, almost docile.
 Even there who carelessly allow children to ride on their backs. Who can boast of riding the animal, and mobile? As I looked at them curiously, all the time I thought of the little friends from Dubrovnik, Niku, and Mara, so that they can enjoy this beauty! I know that Maro, with less than 7 years, knows every heart dinosaurs by name, and all of their biography. That&#39;s why I made this picture for them, believing that Dino Park will soon be in their city. Sure would liked those flyers, and if they can see the head, as, say, cut off, life-size, or some of the exposed skeleton. Ma has it all. And the screen can be traced from their life before some 200 million years, life is extinguished after only one hundred and fifty unreal and astonishing million years. One would say, while you&#39;re on the palm of your hand. But they, the main characters and historical tales, are back among us, and thanks to their Istrian makers, precision-guided computers, brought prehistory among us.
 I have to honestly say, just as sweet!
 