24SI - Police discovered that the Nissan Pathfinder SUV parked on New York&#39;s Times Square is set for an explosive device which was evacuated thousands of tourists and visitors to the theater on Broadway. &quot;Car-bomb was left in the Pathfinder parked between Seventh and Eighth Avenue, at 45th Street,&quot; said police department spokesman Paul Browne New York. The device was, he said, contained &quot;eskplozivne elements,&quot; including &quot;gas cylinders, some sort of powder, gasoline, and time-detonator. Of New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and the city police chief Ray Kelly confirmed that it was an &quot;amateur, but potentially very deadly devices&quot;. At the first threat regovao gutterman shirt that has been observed that the parked Nissan Pathfinder smoke and warned the nearest policeman, who evacuated the immediate surrounding area and called the fire brigade and police force, &quot;said Bloomberg at a press conference.
 &quot;We are very happy because we are, thanks to the vigilance and professionalism of the civil police to avoid something that could be lethal event,&quot; said Bloomberg. Police bomb in the meantime, remove all flammable materials out of the car and the situation is considered safe. &quot;This event is a reminder that New York remains the main target of terrorists,&quot; said the mayor. Načlenik NYPD&#39;s Kelly said the police bomb from the Nissan Pathfinder, parked at the intersection of 45th Street and Broadway Avenue with the engine is running and all four turn signals, remove the &quot;three gas cylinders with propane, two canisters, each with 19 liters of gasoline, fireworks pyrotechnic devices, two hours on batteries, electric wires and other components. He added that in the vehicle and found a locked trunk for weapons. Kelly pointed out that the registration table on the vehicle are not appropriate, but to belong to a truck from Connecticata, who ended a car at the landfill.
 Responding to questions from reporters, Bloomberg said he did not know who was behind the attacks, nor that his motives might be. But, according to the British Telegraph, police investigated whether the event associated with the recent threats of Matt Stone and Trey Parker, author of the popular adult cartoon South Park. They have received threats from extremists who believe that in one episode of the animated film mocked the Prophet Muhammad. The car bomb was left near the building where the offices of media giant Viacom, which these authors work. At 04:00 hours local time, the busiest square of New York Times Square was still closed, nearly ten hours of the incident, which caused the evacuation of several thousand tourists and visitors to Broadway theaters. Part of streets in the vicinity was later opened to traffic. U.S. President Barack Obama was informed about the incident and praised the prompt action of the New York police.
 (Hin)
 