The biggest threat to the world today is not korupucija nuclear weapons, wrote in a copyright article in the Washington Post from prison in Russia Mikhail Hodorkovski, once one of the richest Russians, the majority owner and shareholder of the Yukos oil company who, after clashes with Vladimir Putin, was arrested 2003rd on charges of tax evasion. Here&#39;s what Hodorkovski writes: Last week I began a hunger strike of quarters from when I was in jail based on fabricated evidence 2003rd year. That I have not done that I would draw attention to how much is my case in court unfairly conducted. The behavior of the court clearly I made it clear that I will stay in jail no matter what. But Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, who took the initiative against corruption in the judicial system in our country, should know how their efforts are undermined by its own officials. The increase of corruption brought me to the unequivocal conclusion: &quot;While world leaders argue that they are able to cope with nuclear terrorism, one of the biggest problems facing the international community, still need to do more to prevent evils such as corruption, that all peoples and states held as hostages. &quot; And indeed those who dream of global nuclear disarmament have reason for optimism.
 Just this spring the United States and Russia signed an agreement strategijiski reduction of nuclear warheads, the world&#39;s leaders have taken measures to block Iran&#39;s disputed nuclear program, including agreement on the sanctions announced last Tuesday, and North Korea. To achieve an agreement in Prague, President Obama and Medvedev had to neutralize opponents disarmament influential in their respective countries. Words and deeds largest nuclear powers have shown that the weapons of mass destruction on its way to becoming a thing of the past. However, world leaders today prilježno work on preventing the causes and consequences of the new risks of nuclear proliferation, corruption is one that has spread across the globe. Today I remember how the &#39;70 and &#39;80-these ordinary people are afraid that war will begin when nuklarni thin nerves superpowers discounts. Today we fear that nuclear weapons and technology to fall into the hands of terrorist groups that tend to bloodshed for bloodshed and operate outside the system of states.
 Civilians and military officials in the regions where violence is prevalent are ready to share nuclear secrets for money, and this practice and my country seems vulnerable. Corruption became widespread evil, comparable to the epidemic, the growing gap between rich and poor, and other systemic danger lurking humanity. Russia is no longer hidden behind a curtain govozdene, integrating the international community of nations and the world economy. Alarming, however, that one of its exports remains corruption, prompted by hunger importers, some of the most developed Western countries. Unfortunately in my country, corruption is transformed into a systematic factor, which is managed by many government political and economic decisions. My partners and I are, for example, worked more than a decade in the making of Yukos build the most successful and most transparent global energy company, to eventually see destroyed to satisfy the appetites of certain government officials who came to power with Vladimir Putin .
 If the attack on me was motivated by political reasons connected with my support of the opposition, the destruction of Yukos is the fruit of pure corruption. It is particularly interesting that the theft of Yukos defended by some German politicians, while the major Italian companies play a central role as purchaser of the stolen shares. Corruption slows economic growth and produce political instability. Here razotrimo our transport infrastructure - Russia is a vast country with poor roads. Put in a modern economy and a better life should pave the warmth, but corruption is destroying even najobičniju hope. Miles ekpresne Russian Railways tax obeveznike cost three or four times more than Europeans, mainly due to bribery and corruption. Even at such high prices, low quality of works, ensure that repairs will be necessary, which leaves the door open for even more corruption. More generally, I find it very difficult to understand, but easy to imagine how, why oil deliveries to China were effectively subevencionirane by the government of Russia.
 A European gas market can produce even more scandalous surprises. I was glad when the last month, President Medvedev announced an initiative aimed at combating corruption. Treatment of such crime podmićeivanje foreign officials and other similar measures are good steps in the right direction. But to implement these measures to go forward will not be easy. Many Russian grafter transfer their ill gained wealth in China in the hope that the authorities in Beijing to ignore international crime under the very nose in exchange for support and the benefits of preserving their own interests. The future depends on how honest and resolute will be in curbing corruption carnivores, feeding on chaos and produces programs and radical violence. The leading nations must redouble economic and regulatory arsenal of weapons to identify and naciljaju of offshore companies and banks operating under the control of corrupt zavničnika.Takava campaign will succeed only if the group of 20 co-operate and put the fight against corruption a top priority.
 This is no less important than continuing the fight for nuclear disarmament. If the world does not stop global corruption, the corruption will stop the development of mankind.
 