One evening we were guests of our friends that have moved here from Cairo. They bought a nice apartment with a sea view, built on a hill, the Saudi owner, whom we met with them. Our friend Bob is now retired or American, and his wife, Raymonde, was born Lebanese Orthodox. I asked Bob to think about it who killed Hariri, and he responded as if from a cannon - &quot;Of course, the Israelis&quot;. Raymonde&#39;s brother, who found that, in turn suggested that in this &quot;might be involved and the Americans.&quot; Beirutske browsing through the newspaper I learned that making the political program of the Government is stuck due to opposition ministers Phalanx / Kataeba and the Lebanese Forces (Maronite Christian Formation) to the proposed wording of the Hizbul, which recognizes the right to &quot;resistance&quot;, meaning that you will not be disarmed (which would at the present balance of power was practically feasible). But ministers Aoun Free / libre Patriotic Movement (also Christians, Maronites), and hang Jumblattovi support Hizbul.
 Elect Sam Hariri mediating between his allies and opponents yesterday. Along with the link bilateral negotiations between different political groups. Printing is the most attention to the meeting yesterday the enemy - Jumblatta Aoun and Lebanese political system is based on the key contained in the confessional power-sharing formula, agreed between representatives of the three largest religious communities - Christians, Sunnis and Shiites - has 1943rd Odin, just before the declaration of independence of Lebanon. The formula stems from the Ottoman Mile (autonomous religious communities), and the French colonial administration, which is privilegirala Christians. Confessional key was an unwritten agreement champion three religious communities - called the &quot;National Pact&quot; - Christians who provide the majority of seats in the National Assembly - 60 percent, while the Muslims - Sunni, Shiite and hang out - 40 percent remitted.
 They agreed that the president is the Maronites, Sunni prime minister, his deputy, Orthodox, and the president of the National Assembly of the Shiites. For the Maronite, the largest Christian community, have also been reserved for command positions in the National Army. This is a puzzle made on the basis of the census, 1932. according to which Christians made up 54 percent of the total population. Other elements of the same National Covenant were - the recognition of Lebanon&#39;s borders as they 1920th The French set; Maronites obligation to no longer seek foothold in the West (ie in France) and their acceptance of the Arab character of the country, and the obligation of Muslims to give up their demands for the annexation of Syria. The country is divided into electoral districts, the set, like today&#39;s Bosnian Canton, the nominal religion (in this country would say - national) belonging to the majority population in a particular territory. These principles were included in the proclamation of the first independent government of Lebanon, published September 1943.
 Are still the foundation &quot;sectarian divisions&quot; (an expression of the Lebanese) and population policy. As if this unfortunate division was the model for the assembly of the Dayton BiH, with the Lebanese situation is more complex. Although the demographic structure of population changed in recent decades, due to a larger natural increase of Moslems, whose percentage rose today, according to some estimates, up to 75 percent, and the massive emigration of Christians, it is not upended the formula of the National Covenant, but only slightly improved. The political elite of the Christian religious communities, especially maronitiske, whose population is rash, spasmodic provide resistance to loss of their own political preferences, fear outvoting by Muslims. In addition, do not allow the implementation of a new population census, which advocated Muslims, especially Shiites. Although since the last census 1932nd there was a massive internal migration in large measure to the new territorial deployment of confessional communities, systematically sabotaging attempts to redefine the location and boundaries of constituencies inherited.
 Yet over time there has been a certain shift. First, the Taif Agreement of 1989. year, which ended the civil war and legalized privileged privileged position of Syria in Lebanon, equal number of Christian and Muslim representatives in parliament and then expanded coalition government. Under the agreement, the prime minister is no longer responsible to the President of the republic, but the parliament. Then the agreement signed in Doha 2008th the three largest religious communities - Shiites, Sunnis and Christians - equal in rights, with equal numbers of deputies in the National Assembly, and with the new formula, non-confessional coalition government of 30 members. Were made minor corrections and boundaries of electoral districts, while I Beirut is divided into several new ones. Besides the three largest confessional communities - Shiite, Sunni and Maronite - whose representatives have cemented the position of head of state, there are fifteen other smaller, officially recognized &quot;sects&quot;.
 Copy from Wikipedia - alauiti, Armenian Catholics, members of the Armenian Apostolic Church, Assyrian religious community, haldejci, hang, Greek Catholic, Greek-Orthodox Christians, Ismailis, Protestants, Roman Catholics (Latins), Syrian Catholic, Syrian-Orthodox and the Jews . Winners of these often politically divided &quot;sects&quot; (a small Armenian community, for example, split into six rival parties) generally join this or that majority political formation, giving her the votes of their followers. So you turn provide positions in government or municipalnoj level. De Gaulle once sarcastically remarked how difficult it is to manage the land in French, which produces over three hundred cheeses. Manage Lebanon, a country with only 4.2 million inhabitants (ie less than Croatia) and osamneast &quot;sects&quot; - is much harder. With changes in the demographic and confessional structure of the population went to the changes in the economy.
 Sometimes privileged and better condition Maronite community has lost its primacy in the economy. Sunni elite, thanks to the injections and the Saudi Arabian capital after 1990th isprednjačile. Šijtska community, once the poorest, has progressed enormously. That is, I am told, is primarily the result of systematic work Hizbulaha, which is invested in the education of their male and female followers, and planned financial resources directed toward community cost-effective investments. They argued to me that he was much helped Iran&#39;s financial support. Hizbulahov political agenda thirtieth we were at the airport waiting for flight to Cairo. At first I did not pay attention to the television set all around them and the programs that are running. But then I noticed how some of these devices bring together travelers and carefully monitored exposure to the bearded man with a black turban. I finally realized that the speaker was Sheik Hassan Nasrallah, secretary general Hizbulaha, a figure which I was famous for photographs published in newspapers.
 The speech aired Hizbulahov TV studio Al-Manar, and took him to a central airport service, because beirutska airport in the distribution of the coalition government was given the position of the near Hizbul. No airport is named after the assassinated Rafik Hariri. My knowledge of Arabic language is inadequate, but I am arriving in Cairo over the Internet came to the English summary of his presentation. He is a two-hour speech explaining the new program for their organization. First published back in 1985th when the Party of God (Hizbul) entered the arena of Lebanese politics as the Iranian branch, referring to his &quot;Open Letter&quot;, read in a šijitskoj mosque, the creation of the Lebanese Islamic republic. Translate the introductory paragraph of the letter: &quot;We are sons of Forests (the Muslim community - op. By) God&#39;s party, the vanguard of what God has given victory in Iran. There the vanguard succeeded to lay the foundations of Muslim states, which plays a central role in the world.
 We listen to the orders of a wise and just leader, who is our tutor and Fakih (legislator - op. By) ... Ruholaha Mousavi Khomeini. God help him! &quot;Now published in the Charter, adopted at the VII. Parties to the Convention, refers to&quot; the elimination of political sectarianism as a major prerequisite for the establishment of true democracy as it was stipulirano the Taif Agreement. &quot;Aim is not to establish an Islamic state, but&quot; democratic system governed by elected representatives of the majority and the opposition allowed to play their role. &quot;But as for now it is not possible to establish a democratic system free of sectarianism, the party accepts - said Nasrallah - consensual democracy as defined by the Constitution and the National Covenant.&quot; consensual democracy is suitable political formula that ensures the participation of all parties. &quot;Hizbulahova Charter calls for the adoption of&quot; modern election law with a credible electoral representation. &quot;
 It advocates for administrative decentralization, to ensure balanced development throughout the national territory, but warned of the dangers of the federalization of the country. &quot;We want a government that works for its citizens, providing them with appropriate support, improved education and medical assistance, helping them reach the homes, which solves the problems of poverty and unemployment, allowing them more worthy of life,&quot; said Nasrallah. Hizbul is evident in the past 24 years has matured politically. Calling for the establishment of an Islamic state in the country with many religions and sects, led to a deepening of differences and not connecting. Now the party calls for national unity, so that the country confronted the Israeli aggression. In the absence of &quot;the military balance between the two countries, Lebanon has to&quot; confront threats from Israel&#39;s defensive strategy &quot;, - explained Hizbulahov champion - with the forces of national resistance, and strong, capable army.&quot;
 According novousvojenoj Charter, the Lebanese relations with Syria as part of overall relations with the Arab world. &quot;Lebanon is in its origin and nature of the Arab country.&quot; Arab interests and the interests of Lebanon. It is emphasized that the Palestinians have a right to resistance in all forms, primarily the armed struggle. It also highlights the importance of cooperation with Islamic countries, including Iran &quot;central country&quot;. Nasrallah added that &quot;construed against the Arabs and Iran only serve Israeli and American interests.&quot; Newly agreement 07/12/2009 - Yesterday was held a traditional Beirutski marathon, the biggest so far. It appears that it encompassed 33 000 registered runners from 73 countries. Of course, most of them were local. It is emphasized that the representatives were there any one of eighteen Lebanese religious communities. Side by side they ran Shiites, Sunnis, Christians and socialize. Joined them, and Prime Minister Hariri in gray suits and Nike sneakers.
 Not just in good physical condition as the Croatian presidential candidate Mayor, but he ran ten kilometers from the 42-kilometer run. He said, transfer paper - &quot;I know that I could win, but it was important to participate.&quot; With more or less success in the marathon was attended by other politicians. It was an unprecedented symbolic manifestation of unity, inspiring hope that Lebanon come better days . 12/12/2009 - Lebanon might indeed better days ahead. Yesterday, in fact, the parliament almost unanimously passed trust Haririjevoj government of national unity. Of 128 deputies, only one voted against, one refrained, while four were absent. With time the agents supported the government&#39;s political platform which stresses the &quot;right to the Lebanese army and the power pack (this refers to the Hizbul) released Lebanese territory (it is about some 500 km2, the territory of Saba farm and the surrounding hills and the Lebanese part of the city Gažara, which was occupied by Israel) &quot;and to&quot; oppose any aggression against (Israel, of course - op.
 author). &quot;Significantly, Hariri said in his speech in parliament, spoke of the need&quot; to improve the brotherly relations between Lebanon and Syria. &quot;Joining the Hizbul, suggested lawmakers examine and reexamine the model of&quot; religious with the key &quot;in which up to now has been Lebanon&#39;s internal politics. A new beginning? coming together of Lebanon and Syria 14/12/2009 - The previous week, after a long illness Majeed, younger brother of Syria, President Asad. Lebanese politicians are racing to manifest their sympathy. I follow who all of them traveled to Damascus, but here list of some - Slieman, president of the republic; Aoun, a former opponent of Syria, and now ally, General Kahwaji, the Lebanese army chief. Asad with each of them had a separate meeting. Hariri has sent a telegram of condolence. 20/12/2009 - Saad Hariri&#39;s finally did a two-day visit to Damascus. At the entrance to the presidential palace to welcome him, he wished President Assad.
 According to Arab custom, the two statesmen were kissed. On the first day they spent three hours talking in private. They met on the evening banquet, and yet the next day. The two statesmen were - standing in the Syrian statement - &quot;led by frank discussions&quot; during which &quot;successfully overcome the difficulties which are burdened relations between the two countries.&quot; Confirmed the need for bilateral cooperation &quot;for confrontation with regional challenges, especially in relations with Israel arapaskoga world.&quot; Haririri held a press conference at the newly opened Embassy of Lebanon. He said he had &quot;close relations of Lebanon and Syria, both countries and strengthen a common Arab stance against Israel which violate the rights of the Arabs&quot;. He stressed the need for &quot;the development of bilateral cooperation based on openness and honesty&quot;. Asked about the attitude towards the International Tribunal for trial, which was founded by his father&#39;s killers, he responded that with his interlocutors, &quot;agreed that the crime at the hands of the international community&quot; and that &quot;they both want to find out the truth.&quot;
 He added that both countries &quot;had learned its lesson from past events&quot; and that now &quot;trying to build a future.&quot; One of Haririjevih close associates, former representative Aloush, in Beirut, said that his friend, who once blamed the Syrians of killing his father, this trip to Damascus was &quot;very difficult&quot; and required great sacrifice, &quot;but that the visit was&quot; necessary. Israeli threats 09/01/2010 - Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak was two days before the broadcast of a radio-station, the Lebanese government threatened retaliation if one salvo being fired across the border at Israeli citizens. Israel will hold the Lebanese government responsible, and will respond to attacks on its institutions and infrastructure of the country. The Israeli army will do in May this year be prepared for war with Lebanon. Cheers! 23/01/2010 - Another Israeli minister Yossi Peled, has recently said he would &quot;certainly come to another round of war in the north&quot; (ie Lebanon - prim.
 op. author), but that &quot;nobody knows when.&quot; The same day the Washington Post reported, without citing sources, that Hizbul displaces the long-range missiles which it is to furnish Iran, north of Beirut and the valley Beke (not clear to me why this displacement, if it really occurred to him, further away from the boundary line with Israel, was problematic?). Israel in fact for a long time through mass media spread news that they are in danger of Hizbulaha. Do not they match the new Lebanese government&#39;s attitude to recognize the right Hizbulaha resistance, and therefore his arm, and the Lebanese-Syrian rapprochement. Does not match their American or complacent attitude towards the normalization of the Saudi-Syrian and Syrian-Lebanese relations. It was in Beirut and Damascus, visited the U.S. special envoy for the Middle East George Mitchell. Americans are trying to convince both countries, as well as Israel, to their interests and the interests of stability in the region would be useful to enter into negotiations.
 Lebanese President Sliemanu claimed that Lebanon was &quot;a key country of the peace process.&quot; It is not known what he said about the administration&#39;s attitude toward Hizbul, which is still on the U.S. list of &quot;terrorist organization&quot;. Mitchell has extended to Israel, and Ramallo in the West Bank, should meet with Palestinian Authority President Abbas. It will be, presumably, another of his tour in vain. Lebanese police in Beirut bats disperse several hundred demonstrators, Lebanese and Palestinians, supposedly left wing, which protested against the construction of the underground wall of Egypt to Gaza. They tried to break through the barrier of barbed wire to the Egyptian embassy. They allegedly threw stones at her and lemon. Three protesters were injured. 24/01/2010 - In Cairo again postponed the trial before the Special Court of State Security a group of 26 people pohapšenih April last year, along with thirteen, accused of belonging to a kind of &quot;Hizbulahovoj network.
 They allegedly planned attacks on institutions of the Egyptian and Israeli tourists in Sinai. Only one of the suspects is a Lebanese citizen and that, as confirmed in Hizbulahovu beirutskom headquarters, indeed their members, which was sent through the Egyptian Sinai to establish a connection with the Palestinian resistance in Gaza. In addition to the two Palestinians, all other defendants are Egyptians. Denied that the activists had any evil intentions towards Egypt. It also said the lawyers of the accused, in which I am inclined to believe. During last year&#39;s Israeli attack on Gaza, Hizbulaha leader Nasrallah has in fact publicly accused Egypt of complicity in crimes against the Palestinian people. It did not forgiven in Cairo. Lebanese crosswords - 3 part of the Lebanese crosswords - 2 part of the Lebanese crossword - 1 part
 