Operation Technicians and Engineers of British oil group BP to a depth of 1500 meters stop uncontrolled highlight of oil into the sea, the Gulf of Mexico in the first attempt failed. The intention was to set the source of large steel structures in the shape of the dome, one is called a pyramid, which would be collected oil. From the &quot;tone&quot; oil is supposed to be isisavana to the surface, where it would be pretovarivala into tankers and shipped to refineries. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Start times long 18 hours of operation was aborted due to technical problems. At a depth of 1500 meters of ocean temperatures near zero government. Under great pressure and cold due to the construction of the dome, inside, they formed large crystals of a mixture of sea and oil. They open and shut valves and thus prevent the planned oil suction. We are looking for a new design of the dome, 13 meters high and weighing about 100 tons, was lowered to the bottom of the steel cable at a special ship that is still in position above the spring.
 Since the first attempt at a cover and closure of the sources was unsuccessful, the dome is moved a little to the side and is currently located about 200 meters away from the source. Bildunterschrift: a desperate fight against the ecological disaster responsible manager of BP&#39;s Doug Suttles does not want to talk about the failure of the action. &quot;I think it is too early to say that the operation failed. We now need two days to try to find a new solution.&quot; Experts are now trying to find ways to prevent the formation of crystals. One possibility is warming. This would practically mean that the entire dome somehow has warmed up, some kind of underwater furnace. Another possibility is the use of ethanol. Heart surgery on the ocean floor at a depth of 1500 meters of the crystals that formed look like mud. They pile on top of the dome and not just to prevent the exhaustion of oil, but the whole structure are unstable - the dome begins to swim.
 This is the first time ever that such operations attempted to realize the depth so. Many experts have warned from the outset that there could be a big problem. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Nice looking, but deadly - mlja oil in the Gulf of Mexico The original plan envisaged that the pumping of oil collected in the dome begins this week, but grace. Currently still in the sea from a source at the bottom of said at least 700 tons of crude oil - a day. Steel dome is as big as a house with four states and with the aid of six small robotic submarines. Only the lower dome to the bottom lasted 18 hours. Even before the start of the campaign is Lamar McKay, head of BP America said: &quot;It&#39;s like that at 5000 feet depth perform open-heart surgery, with the help of mini-submarines operated by robots.&quot; Ecological disaster in the meantime, the U.S. government extended the ban on fishing off the coast of Louisiana.
 Currently engages about 10,000 supporters who are trying to prevent the oil reaches a very environmentally sensitive coast in the Mississippi Delta. As a measure of defense is trying to ignite a thin layer of oil that floats surfaces of the sea. Bildunterschrift: First, there was an explosion, then fire up the platform &quot;Deepwater Horizon,&quot; and then to its sinking at the same time are the words of BP&#39;s manager Doug Suttlesa continuing efforts to highlight the alternatives stop oil. For example, plans to close the current main source of new drill holes from which they controlled oil was pumped and pumped onto ships on the surface. Its goal is to reduce the pressure of oil in the existing hole. Oil rig &quot;Deepwater Horizon&quot; exploded and sank 20th April from as yet unknown reasons. Last week the oil slick for the first time due to an uninhabited island off the coast of Louisiana.
 Author: dpa / ap / for Re. ed: A. Subic
 