LONDON - As a student at Oxford, Rory Stewart is one summer taught princes William and Harry. With 20 or something was a British diplomat in Montenegro, with a 30 something manager of the Iraqi province Majsan. Last year he became a professor of law at Harvard, spent time with Hillary Clinton and Michael Bloomberg, advised Barack Obama and Gordon Brown. RELATED NEWS News Consultation with Cameron And then the 37-year-old gave up everything to become torijevski member of the British Parliament, the personification of the Cameron revolution in a conservative party - the modern, young man who has seen the world. In doing so he became one of the most distinctive members of parliament, to the extent that the rights to his life story bought Brad Pitt in the Hollywood film should make it playable Orlando Bloom. Stewart, who was born in Hong Kong and raised in Malaysia and in the north of Scotland, was previously best known for his adventure of a lifetime - since 2000.
 until 2002. walked the 9000 miles across Pakistan, Iran, Afghanistan, India and Nepal, sleeping in villages, with good people who have been willing to accept, and then wrote a book about it - the bestselling The Places in Between, which reviewers New York Times proclaimed masterpiece -work. Western policies towards Afghanistan Stewart after this experience, as expected, the main subject of interest. A week after winning the election was called to the Chequers, the official summer residence of British prime minister, the meeting on the future of Afghanistan. Because Stewart was not only an adventurer. Educated at the prestigious Eton boarding school - which he says was &quot;a huge unfair advantage in life&quot; - and then at Oxford, was a soldier in the Scottish Survey guard, and a diplomat in Indonesia and Montenegro. After the adventures in Afghanistan, he founded the charity that deals with the renewal of the old city of Kabul, after a year managing the Iraqi province wrote another bestseller - The Prince of the Marshes.
 He speaks 11 languages, including &quot;Serbo-Croatian&quot;, which he says he is a little rusty. In the same way he started to walk the Middle East before the election in six weeks, with a backpack, and walked Cumbre, a constituency where the candidate, and slept every night with new hosts in the new village. - I&#39;m really happy only when I walk. Maybe I should give the address as a &#39;hedge&#39; - told the Guardian journalist who has gone part way with him. I told him that he was interested in local politics for milk quotas and the introduction of broadband internet in the British village. - I believe that agriculture should be protected, not because it&#39;s all there in my constituency. Westminster has been hard on farmers. Rural areas have been badly neglected and I want to make sure that in this constituency maintain everything from the post office and bus station - he said.
 