Ahmad ibn Ibrahim al-Ghazi (Arabic: أحمد بن إبراهيم ال غازي) (about 1507th to 21st veljače 1543rd) aka Conqueror or Ahmad Granja (Granja was his nickname, has meant a left-handed and the Somali - Gurej and ahmarskom Gragn) was the imam and general Sultanate of Adal, which was invaded Ethiopia and defeated several Ethiopian emperors, and caused much damage Ethiopian kingdom. With the help of the army which consisted mainly of Somalis [1] Imam Ahmad Granja went to conquer Ethiopia, and managed to take three quarters of Ethiopia, which has since been ruled by the Muslim Sultanate of Adal during the Ethiopian war-adalskog 1529th to 1543rd Contents [edit] Ethnicity Ahmad Granja Until recently, it was maintained that the Imam Ahmad Granja was Ethiopian Arab, [2] Today, the prevailing opinion was that the Somalis. [3] [edit] Granja Granja youth Ahmad was born in nearby Zeile, port city located in northwestern Somalia (then part of the Sultanate of Adal, Muslim vassal state of Christian Ethiopia).
 Young Ahmad married a daughter of rulers (Mahfuz) Zeile. - Bati del Vambara. Mahfuz was killed Zeile 1517th upon returning from the war against the Ethiopian emperor Lebna Dengela. Sultanate of Adal was then plunged into anarchy for several years, until Imam Ahmad Granja failed to rebut the latest pretender to the government and take complete control of Harare and the Sultanate of Adal. In retaliation for previous attacks in the Sultanate of Adal, which was performed by the Ethiopian general Degalhan, Imam Ahmad invaded Granja 1529th the first time Ethiopia in the Battle of Šimbra Kure managed to beat Emperor Lebna Dengela. [Edit] Attack on the Monument to Ethiopia in Mogadishu Granju Ahmad Imam Ahmad invaded Ethiopia again at the 1531st, this time he managed to completely crush the army of Emperor Lebna Dengela Battle of Amba Sela 28th listopada 1531st Branches, then he jumped to the north to Lake Haik and Lalibela, destroying, burning and pillaging everything that is encountered. Then Granja fell in Tigre province, the Ethiopians had defeated all the forces that are out there driving.
 After a busy Aksum, destroyed the Church of SS. Mary of Zion, in which the Ethiopian emperors were crowned for centuries. Ethiopians were forced to seek aid from Portugal, who were in the port isrcali Masava 10th veljače 1541st, during the reign of Ethiopian Emperor Asnafa Sagada first Portuguese expedition led by Cristóvão da Gama, it numbered only 400 muskets, with some traders and other civilians. Da Gama and Imam Ahmed Granja clashed for the first time first travnja 1542nd in the Battle of Jarte, with mountains and lakes Amba Alaga Ašenge. (Tigre Province). Here the Portuguese first met Ahmad Granja, as noted Castanhoso, their chronicler. On 4 April, after two unidentified army exchanged messages and inquisitively looked up a few days, da Gama set out in the first attack. Performed a real infantry attack on Trash line of defense. His soldiers are consistently progressed and successfully repelled successive waves of Muslim counterattack with their muskets and cannons.
 The battle ended after he was wounded in the leg Granja, his soldiers fled in panic and fled, but despite the huge losses they inflicted the Portuguese and their Ethiopian allies, were able to move across the river to safety. Over the next few days, trees arrived reinforcements. On the other hand, da Gama was aware that he must act quickly, because once again attacked Granjov camp. This time the Granja soldiers fought with more determination, even at one point they almost broke the Portuguese cavalry column. But an accidental explosion of gunpowder is so startled horses and soldiers to the Trash again fled in panic. Castanhoso who witnessed the battle, sadly concluded &quot;victory would be complete if we had one hundred horses and Beats fugitives&quot; [4] reinforced the arrival of the Ethiopian military ruler (Negus) Bahr Ješaka, da Gama started the army to the south of the Trash forces.
 However, the beginning of the rainy season to prevent Gamu that this time the surprise Ahmad Granja. On the advice of the Ethiopian Queen Sable Vengel, da Gama made their winter camp at Vofla Ašenge next to the lake, while I have his opponent, made their camp on Mount Zobil. Sensing that victory lies in the number of firearms which nerasplaže, branches are converted Muslim brothers for help. According to a chronicler of these events Abbot Joachim le Grand, Imam Ahmad Granja managed to get 2000 musketeers from Arabia, some 900 guns and trained troops of the Ottoman. In the meantime, the game fell to the army to only 300 muskets. Upon the termination of the rainy period, Ahmad Granja attacked the Portuguese camp and managed to kill almost all the Portuguese. It&#39;s hard to Gamu wounded and his ten companions captured and killed after they refused converting to Islam. [5] The surviving Portuguese musketeers, 140 have joined forces with the emperor Asnafom Sagada I.
 and using equipment Portuguese attacked Ahmad Granja 21st veljače 1543rd at the Battle of Dag Vajna. In that battle was a small commission Ethiopian-Portuguese army of 9000 people managed to defeat the 15,000 soldiers of Imam Ahmed Granja, he fell in battle and I got killed by the Portuguese musketeer. His wife Bati del Wambara managed to escape from the battlefield with the rest of Turkish soldiers back in Harare, where he again gathered his followers. She wanted to take revenge for his death, and because of that she married his nephew Nur ibn Mujahidina on condition that he must avenge the death of Ahmad Granja. Consequences and damage caused by a Granja by Ethiopia have never forgotten. &quot;Every Christian highlander still hears horrific childhood tales about Granju. written by Haile Selassie in his memoirs. [6] [edit] Sources [edit] References [edit] External links Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ahmad_Granj Categories: History of Ethiopia | Biographies, Ethiopia | Somalia
 