Cheese &quot;Reinhardshof, Harzer Käse&quot; and &quot;Reingardshof, Bauernkäse mit Edelschimmel&quot; Austrian manufacturer Prolactal GmbH fortunately neither were sales in all stores chain Lidl, but consumers are once again warning that does not eat the cheese and to immediately return to Stores where they will be refunded the money. These cheeses in whose samples found elevated values of certain bacteria, the so-called Listeria have been withdrawn from sale in late January, but now it is confirmed that the consumption of cheese led to at least two deaths in Germany and four in Austria. Another twelve people fell ill, according to the German Robert Koch Institute. The search for the notes to trade Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The production of cheese bacteria are indispensable - but not any! An investigation into the cause certainly was not easy, because the incubation period is very long.
 After suffering a sudden jump from the bacteria, an associate Austrian Agency for Health and Food Safety has found a link between the patient so that he analyzed their shopping lists. Finally, just this January is determined that a link was an Austrian cheese producers Prolactal. Every year in Germany actually recorded a few hundred cases of listeriosis. Symptoms are initially flu-like, but in people whose resistance reduced the bacteria can lead to meningitis (meningitis), with deadly consequences. Austrian firm with international connections Prolactal company headquartered in Linz, is a few plants in Austria and one in Slovakia, said it has been the first warning to the Austrian Agency &quot;in its sole discretion and without coercion,&quot; withdrew suspected products from all retail outlets. Indicates that there are fifty years of experience in the processing of milk and how it drives in its products according to regulations and the ISO and international standards for human consumption (IFS).
 This company is part of Artax Group AG, which is wholly or partly owned by a range of companies, from American Dairyfoofa, Milsya Slovak, German and Lactoprot Rovita, to participate in companies in Belgium, the Czech Republic, Greece, Mexico and Romania. Author: DPA / as Re. Editor: Maria Ljubicic
 