Balls danced in Zagreb&#39;s main square. In late August and early September, Zagreb will be the center of Europe, and thus the world of water polo. Twelve male and top eight women&#39;s teams on the Sava River will fight for European medals. Closer to European Championship, and in recent days launched a &quot;fierce campaign, and in order to stand were filled to capacity and to Croatian national water polo team at home had a&quot; tail wind &quot;. Wants to Croatian coach Ratko Rudic, the leadership of the Croatian Water Polo Federation, and all candidates for the national team cap. This &quot;tail wind&quot;, &quot;hurricane from the stands,&quot; they will need for the group. Specifically, the lot is a group of rough accommodation, because they were rivals for the first part of the EP gave the current European champion, the gold from the Spanish Malaga, Montenegro, which was the first rival to host the 29th August. The group is still Italy, Romania, Spain and Turkey, the flow of the sextet representation of the second group: Serbia, Hungary, Russia, Macedonia, Greece and Germany.
 - Unlike some previous major events where we warmed up in the early matches, now we Championship begins immediately - said Ratko Rudic, Croatian coach. Will add the world&#39;s most successful water polo coach: - We must take the strongest, therefore, the first day to be in top shape. Then the rivals will Rudic - Montenegro&#39;s defending champion, Spain on her and does not need to waste words. Spaniards are the current World Runners. Italy is rising, everything is better and better. Romanians not to underestimate, that&#39;s for sure - said the Croatian coach. He did not mention the only Turkey, an outsider in the group. Croatia hosts the Euro and besides water polo players will perform vaterpolistice, a Croatian women&#39;s water polo team in the group with Greece, Russia and Italy, while a second group of the Netherlands, Spain, Germany and Hungary. Coach Mickey Damjanić in the first round will play against Russia.
 Presentation of the national anthem, that song of the European water polo championships which Croatia hosts. It was sung by Goran Karan, and will play up &quot;from morning to night&quot; on the Sava River from late August until 11 September Tonci VLAŠIĆ
 