And farmers in Germany curse variable this year. First the drought gripped, and then suddenly it seems as if the rain will never stop. In some areas it is expected grain-growing grain and 30% lower than last year. In Canada, however this year, torrential rains also affected the smaller crop and the drought in Russia is all that stirred the price of corn and other cereals in world markets. Tons of corn currently costs about 50% more than last year, just this week - when Russia announced the ban on exports - the price increased by 20%. But experts in the investment houses the slalom grain prices is not at all impressed. Of course - everyone should be clear that the time of cheap food for us and how we must come to terms with the constant growth of prices. But the situation this year is by no means so disastrous, nor has the reason for the drastic changes. Russia is actually much grain consumes itself, and what is exported (about 8% of world supply), mostly went to Japan and Indonesia.
 Fortunately, in fact no country can not be regarded as &quot;granary planet&quot;: the three largest exporting countries of wheat do not make any half of the world supply of grain. For other agricultural products, like soybeans or corn, the three largest exporters account for about 80% of the world market. If, therefore, the harvest of grain and failed in Russia or Europe, the harvest in the United States was good. Meteorological phenomenon fronts humid air over the Pacific, called La Niña, according to past experiences caused a record harvest in Australia. Fantasy speculators evokes memories of the year 2008. When the food price explosion - including the production of biofuels. But what is forgotten in this calculation is that the government learned a good lesson from that era and largely filled their inventories. World stocks were at 50% higher than they were 2008th If grain prices continue to &quot;run riot&quot;, the state will certainly pay off at least a portion of its stock to put on the market - to the horror of speculators, but also to hurt farmers whose crops suffered due to weather (not) a chance.
 