IslamBosna.ba-world-class action was launched to help support the people of Palestine and called &quot;freedom flotilla II. The intention is to include as many ships and activists break the three-year blockade of Gaza. Plan to go along with the land and has not been achieved due to technical reasons. To travel by land charge was &quot;Viva Palestina 5. They departed on schedule and with some difficulty entered (10.28 2010th year) in Gaza and brought humanitarian aid worth five million dollars. &quot;Freedom flotilla II REPORT Action conducted between 30th 07th to 01.10. 2010th The Journey &quot;freedom flotilla II&quot; has been postponed to spring 2011th Its aim is to be as higher and thus more efficient, because it will participate in more countries, plan to move from three continents. The aim of the action in Bosnia and Herzegovina was to raise funds to rent a boat (200,000 euros) which would be part of &quot;Fleet Freedom II.&quot;
 The idea of initiating action adopted by several organizations from Sarajevo (the Bosniak Association high school, the Bosnian-Turkish Students Association, Association of the Palestinian diaspora in Bosnia and Herzegovina, the International Solidarity Forum - Emmaus, Source Selsebil, Young Muslims, Sunrise and Internet-portal IslamBosna. The action is IslamBosna participated as a media sponsor, the Association of Bosniak high school is responsible for the bank account, and the Dawning of the Association organized a side (advertising) money (shirts, DVDs, flags, scarves, &quot;Palestinian&quot; cup of tea, pens, stickers etc palestine flag ).. The campaign was successfully conducted and completed only at the USC. The action was initiated, the coordinator Zemira Gorinjac along with several associations (Association of anti-fascist fighters and NOR, the UG &quot;Vatan - Home - Bosanska Krupa, Youth Cultural Center &quot;Atis&quot; Sanski Most and the Majlis from Sanski Most, NGO &quot;Women from Una, Majlis, from Bihac, Bihac Islamic Pedagogical Faculty).
 Many thanks belong to a group of activists who have made the greatest contribution to this akcja was such a success (Amira, Silva, Alma, Fatima, S., Sara, Adnan, Anel, Vahid) The action was supported ZEO &quot;Sparks&quot;, RTV USK and Broadcasting Cazin, RTV - Bihac, JP Komrad of Bihac, PI &quot;Culture&quot; of Bihac and Cazin, SDA party A, Chamber of Commerce and Bihac, as well as several imiami Jama&#39;at and the humanitarian association &quot;Hajjis Fund Austria. The only municipality that has donated funds for the campaign was the municipality of Cazin, although all the municipalities in the canton requested to participate in the action. The results of actions are:-collected funds that were deposited to the account holder of the &quot;freedom flotilla II&quot; - ECESG in the amount of € 12,462.80-nominated one of the boats for the name &quot;Srebrenica&quot;-trip five activists from the &quot;Flotilla slobde II. The first part of the funds in the amount of € 9,470 was collected in several ways: PUBLIC DISCUSSION: Sanski Most, Bihac, Bosanska Krupa, Bosanska
 Island, Buzim, Cazin HUMANITARIAN stand in the center of the town of Bihac in the period of 15 days FAIR &quot;EKOBIS&quot; - four days in Bihac ILAHIJA EVENING - EVENING Cazin QUR&#39;AN - Bužim Iftar - Quds Day (ZEO &quot;Sparks&quot; - Bihac, studenstki iftar Bužim; UG - &quot;Source&quot; - Bužim, Party A SDA) SADAKATUL Fitr Zakat CITIZENS AND CITIZENS OF VOLUNTARY CONTRIBUTIONS DONATION Cazin Municipality SERGIJE DŽEMAT (Fethija, Academy - IPF, Mali Lug Prekounje, Brekovica, United Center Kladuša Izačić) The second part of the cash funds collected through the bank account that was in charge of Bosniak Association high school and was paid € 3,092.80. Payments made on the bank account (the total amount of € 3,092.80) Mehić Samir, Zepce Smajlović Nermin, Kotor Varos Huseinović Ermin, Kotor Varos Kemal Hodzic, Hodzic Nezir Cazin, Cazin two payments in the amount of KM 160 and 100 were carried out in Sarajevo, but we report are not names, because the money was diverted and returned to your account.
 Citizens Association &quot;Vatan&quot; home-in Bosanska Krupa. Municipal Council of the Islamic community Cazin Bihac Since there were problems with the transaction of money, in several cases that were deposited into bank accounts: Recipient: Association of Bosniac gymnasium Account Number: 160 112 000 000 2395 for Waqf Bank dd Sarajevo Call number: 160 112 00000 20728 Purpose of payment: Help for Gaza. We ask all those who have paid for some of these bank accounts, and there are none on the above list, to contact the coordinator of action on e-mail: zemira.gorinjac @ gmail.com or by phone: 061 604 093 061 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting end_of_the_skype_highlighting begin_of_the_skype_highlighting 604 093 061 604 093 061 604 093 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting end_of_the_skype_highlighting end_of_the_skype_highlighting. Should specify the amount of money paid on account of which they paid and the date of payment.
 It is important to have a copy of the payment. CAPITAL AND PAYMENTS MADE ON ACCOUNT still standing (REASON FOR PROBLEMS IN TRANSACTION) diverted to other accounts totaling 690 km: Majlis from Petrovac: 400 KM Hasan Kurtović (zakat), Bihac: 190 KM Muharemović Elmedina, Cazin: 100 km This means will be subsequently paid with funds humanitarian phone to the account holder of the &quot;freedom flotilla II&quot; - ECESG - save Gaza. By calling the number 090 292 054 donated by 3 km of Gaza, and the number is active from 21 9th to 21.11.2010. These funds are still in the bank account of the Association of Bosniak students. Proof of paid CURRENCY HOLDER Akcja ECESG: The European Campaign to End the Siege on Gaza ECESG Working towards dignity and freedom for the Palestinians of Gaza Dear Gorinjac: This is to confirm that we at The European Campaign to End the Siege on Gaza (ECESG ) have received in our accounts the amounts of Euro 9470 and Euro 3092.8 from the Bosniak Association of Students (high school Bosniak Association - About the Bank).
 These amounts are channeled to our pooling account towards the cost of expenditures and the second Freedom Flotilla to Gaza. The amounts are not yet assigned to a specific expenditure category as our aim in the current stage is to collect as much money as we can to cover the cost of boats and ships. We will inform you in the case we assign these amounts towards specific expenditure category. The European Campaign to End the Siege on Gaza (ECESG) TRANSLATION: The European campaign to stop the siege of Gaza - ECESG Working for dignity and freedom of Palestinians in Gaza Date: 17 October 2010 Ref: Juli, BH Ram 1 Gorinjac Dear Madam, we hereby certify that we, the European campaign to stop the siege of Gaza (ECESG), received on our account, the funds in the amount of € 9,470 and € 3,092.80 from the Association of Bosniac gymnasium - About the Bank. These funds are directed to the account to cover the cost of other Flotillas liberation of Gaza.
 Sums of money have not yet determined exactly and precisely where they will spend, given that the current priority is to collect as much money to cover travel costs. We will notify you in case the amount allocated to correct certain cost categories. Sincerely, travel delay &quot;freedom flotilla II&quot; for Spring 2011 Vol. Dear Gorinjac; I am so sorry for the delay, but it was out of our hand! As you aware we have large coalition and this coalition is getting large and large .... We do realize the essence time, however we need to high quality and effective flotilla. this will not happen if we sail with small number of ships or small number of participants. This is why we postpone the time of sailing. We are expecting different ships to join us in particular from France, Spain, Canada, USA and Germany .... This will make our move more effective .... I do apologize for misunderstanding, and we will do our best to keep you posted with all details.We may have a meeting for the Collation within the coming few weeks, and i will see if we can invite you to join the meeting.
 Best regards S. Ramy Abdu TRANSLATION Gorinjac Dear Madam, Sorry for the delay of action. However, it was beyond our capabilities. As you know we have a grand coalition and it is becoming bigger and bigger ... We understand the importance of time, but we need a quality and efficient flotilla. And it will not happen if we head to the small number of ships is small group of participants. Therefore, we delayed the moment of departure. We expect a variety of boats to join us, especially from France, Germany, Spain, USA, Canada, etc. This will make travel more efficient. I&#39;m sorry for the misunderstanding, but we will do everything to keep you inform. Maybe we&#39;ll have a meeting for coalition next week and I&#39;ll try to invite you to join the meeting. Best Regards, Ramy S. Abdu, to which all who participated in the action, those who failed to do so, those who have given up, as well as those who would very much like to have a chance early next year, together run a great campaign and to really rent a ship that could, under our flag, traveled to Gaza.
 The next flotilla that goes to Gaza is a historical, as the first. All interested individuals, organizations and associations should contact the coordinator of the action. Anyone who would like to be a flotilla of travelers also can occur in: zemira.gorinjac @ gmail.com or by phone: 061 604 093 061 604 093 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting end_of_the_skype_highlighting Once again a big thank you for providing the trust and support in this campaign! Coordinator actions: Zemira Gorinjac IslamBosna.ba Add this article to your favorite online community Read comments [0 replies] There are no comments Comment Loginuj to answer &quot;&gt;
 