The country in which they will be in front of you, &quot;scene by scene&quot; to exchange a wide variety of landscapes, from fields of wheat and cotton through the rich vineyards and olive groves, and palm oases and meadows full of oleander. Millennial monuments, archaeological sites, imposing palaces, citadel and sleeping cities even talking about the glorious history of 34 different civilizations. This intersection of cultures has left a deep imprint on the architecture and cultural monuments, and bestowed the name of Syria, &quot;a country of contrasts. Quiet oasis in the midst of the Middle East, Syrian Arab Republic is located on the east coast of the Mediterranean Sea in southwestern Asia, the Middle East. In the west it borders with Lebanon, on the north by Turkey, on the east by Iraq, on the south by Jordan, with Israel in the southwest, and the marine boundary separates it from the island nation of Cyprus. It is a country of 18 million inhabitants living on 185 180 km2. When we look at it geographically, we can divide it into four regions - Northeast fertile plains, plateau, coastal and mountainous areas to the west, central plains and deserts and steppes in the southeast.
 Characterized by the river Euphrates, which flows from Turkey to Iraq through Syria, and a length of 600 km along its shores, creating favorable conditions for life. Syria is among the most peaceful and friendly countries in the Middle East. Crime rate is extremely low, and the terrorist attacks of the term. Nevertheless, its tourist value are still not sufficiently recognized and in this regard is very far from the tourist much more strongly developed Jordan and Egypt. If you decide to head towards the Jordan, for which many of our agencies offer organized arrangements, be sure to keep in mind at least a day trip to Damascus and Palmyra, which you already own a lot to discover about the beautiful Syrian culture. Unloaded and kind Syria is widely known as a paradise for shopping so the prices of clothing, jewelry and furniture in many cases several times lower than in Croatia.
 The Syrians are in turn known as a very friendly hosts, especially open to foreigners, so it will be done on every step until you reach the word &quot;Ahlan wasahlan&quot; which means &quot;welcome&quot; in your home you will be deemed sacred beings, and the personification of confidence. So do not be surprised or suspicious of frequent calls to refuse a cup of tea, which will offer nearly all, of the Bedouin to street vendors. In the end, will the words &quot;ma assalamu&quot; once again kindly want to go in peace. The absolute majority of the population are Arabs, while the rest are mostly Kurds and Armenians. According to the religious composition of the most numerous are Sunni Muslims, Shiite Muslims, while some 12% and 9-10% of Christians. The largest city is Damascus, with a population of 1,934.000 inhabitants. The largest non-Arab minorities are Kurds, which has more than 6% and live along the border with Turkey and the Armenians who live mainly in large cities. The official language is Arabic, but in some areas speak Kurdish and Turkish.
 The average wage in the civil service reaches up to 2000 million, not much, but the purchasing power of large. Official unemployment in Syria, about 12 percent, but many work illegally, given that the tax system is not clearly defined. For our notions of the prices are reasonable so as to have one dollar you can get a kilo of bread. When we talk about the tourism industry and supporting services should be borne in mind that bargaining is necessary because it will save you from excessive amounts, particularly for souvenirs. Given that Syria is a majority Muslim country, it is necessary to respect the rules of dress and conduct in public, which means that women for the loose-fitting clothing that covers most of the body, while the scarf around her head only necessary when entering the mosque. During the holy month of Ramadan to avoid smoking, eating and drinking on the street. Homosexuality is illegal, while the most radical drug trafficking punishable by fines.
 Ties with neighbors by land to Syria can be reached through Lebanon, Turkey, Jordan, Iraq, and crossing the border with Israel is not recommended. The only open border at the turn of Iraq is located south of Abu Kamal in the far east of the country. By Jordan can be reached via two boundaries, one of Nasib and Deraai. From Damascus, there are several daily buses that operate in the capital of Jordan Amman, which is necessary to book tickets in advance, given that demand is extremely high. Do Amman is possible to get popular and rail - Hijaz. Jordanian visa is most recommended to obtain at the border checkpoint. From Damascus can easily reach up to Beirut, the two cities are well connected by bus lines. Beirut is also connected by bus lines and the Syrian cities of Aleppo and Lattakia. The most reliable border crossing with Turkey&#39;s Bab al-Hawa, a reliable connection is one of the Turkish city of Antakya and Aleppo and Damascus látták.
 In addition to good bus links and a weekly train linking Istanbul to Aleppo. The main Syrian international airport is located near Damascus and is daily connected with many cities in the Middle East, Europe, Asia and Africa. Cities of Aleppo and Lattakia also have an international airport, which is mostly used for domestic and charter traffic is a weekly flight and domestic companies Syrianair in Cairo. The capital of Damascus is the oldest inhabited city in the world, inhabited by about five thousand years. The city abounds in excavation sites and ancient monuments and numerous mosques. The atmosphere of the old part of Damascus with colorful shops and outdoor markets (suks) reminiscent of those from the &quot;Thousand and One Nights&quot;. The central place of the cluttered and noisy city, a grand mosque Ummayyad. Courtyard of the mosque is a kind of &quot;rush hour&quot; for the early evening, but not to drink but to pray and socialize. River visitors visit the mausoleum and the tomb of the great generals touch of Saladin, one of the greatest heroes of the Muslim world, whose battles with the Crusaders and the conquest of Jerusalem presents the hit film &quot;Kingdom of Heaven.&quot;
 Second place is a must visit Basilica of St. John the Baptist, also in the mosque. The current mosque through its thousand-year history was the pre-Christian temple of the gods, then both the Christian and Muslim places of worship, mosques, and at the end of that visit by members of various faiths. The most famous city is Tržić Hamidieh, and worth a visit is the Azem Palace, one of the most exclusive Palace of the Orient, with rich ethnographic museum, the National Museum where you can see exhibits of Asian, Greek, Roman, Byzantine and Islamic art. In Damascus, you will find on many luxury restaurants are excellent blend of eastern and western, and you will have excellent opportunities for shopping at numerous stores in Tržić. Souvenirs are everywhere the same - from traditional jewelry, glass, bronzes, ceramics, carpets, wooden tables decorated with mother-of-pearl mosaics and hand-woven pillows, curtains, handbags and traditional dress.
 Bargaining is inevitable! Syrian number two until Damascus was always reputed to be the holy city, seat of the rulers and the country of foreigners, Aleppo, or as it is called Halab is known as the Syrian &quot;second city&quot; and best known center of trade since Roman times. The main lines of course are his peculiar people crowded Arab marketplace and good mood. The city is definitely the easiest to visit the horse team sport. Damascus also has an international airport that regularly landing aircraft known companies such as Air France, KLM and Lufthansa. Fastest from the airport to the city center by taxi arrives, and takes approximately 20 minutes and cost about 500 Syrian pounds (about 56 million). The most famous city train station &quot;Baghdad&quot;, and is located in the Al-Aziziah, 1.5 km from the city center. From here trains látták drive several times a day, while trains to Damascus, Homs and Hama also runs several times a day.
 The trains are high quality so that travel to them, primarily because of the beauty of the landscape, definitely recommended. Weekly is possible to catch a train to Tehran in Iran. The atmosphere of smaller cities may be one of the most Syrian cities - Hama - is specific to the Orontes River, which passes through the very city center, creating beautiful gardens in the area. The city, the truth, not bursting any significant cultural sites, but if you want a little break from sightseeing Be sure to stop at least one day rest from the busy pictures of other Syrian cities. The town of Hama is also an excellent starting point for excursions to the castle of Crac des Chevaliers and &quot;Dead Cities&quot;. The third largest city of Homs is known as a major center of Syrian Christianity. It is said to live there najsusretljiviji inhabitants of Syria, and with the hospitality, Homs, and certainly provides a lot more of the beautifully landscaped gardens and picturesque streets with many cafes and food stalls and souvenir shops.
 The colorful Lattakia Syria is not a typical city. Already by looking at passers-by will understand that the government is there an entirely different concept of behavior and dress. The city is the least conservative in Syria and the most oriented towards Western countries. Therefore, if you are looking for entertainment on the road through Syria definitely stop in this port city. Indispensable part of the way most famous tourist attraction in Syria is certainly a historic site of Palmyra. The jewel in the heart of the Syrian desert stretches for more than 50 hectares, it boasts a magnificent arrangements of temples, colonnades and towers. One of the most impressive of the East was almost unchanged from the days when it was founded by Arab Queen Zenobia. It is located in the central part of the country, about 220 km northeast of Damski. &quot;Castle of Dreams&quot; - Crac des Chevaliers is the second most important asset of Syrian tourism, isolated from everything, mysterious and slightly surreal, you will certainly be at least at the moment to return to a period of fairy tales! Therefore, on the road from Damascus to Hama sure to stop and discover why it ranks among the world&#39;s most beautiful castles.
 Rate: (1)
 