Photo: AP Posljki President Lech Kaczynski and his wife were killed in a plane crash that Saturday morning at 11 am local time, crashed in the western part of Russia. The aircraft were on 132 passengers, while the Polish delegation consisted of 85 persons, including crew, CNN and the BBC. They were flying in an aircraft type Tupolev Tu-154th Polish Minister of Foreign Affairs confirmed that the aircraft was in the Polish president. A spokeswoman for the Russian ministry for emergency situations, Irina Andrionova, said that no details about the identity of passengers. The plane crashed shortly before landing in Smolensk. Kaczynski traveled there for the 70th anniversary of the massacre in the Katyn forest, where Soviet troops massacred thousands of Poles. - The aircraft očešao treetops, dropped and then caught fire - said Piotr Pszkowski, a spokesman for the Polish foreign ministry, told AFP.
 Possible cause of the fall pilot error, &quot;said a spokesman for local government in Smolensk. &quot;The pilot was instructed to land in Minsk, but he decided to land at Smolensk,&quot; said spokesman Andrew Jevsejenkov, according to Reuters. - The aircraft were the president, his wife and Andrzej Kremer, deputy foreign minister - said. Lech Kaczynski Among the 132 passengers there are still a number of people and the Polish government and political leadership. - This is the second great tragedy of Katyn. There, we tried to cut off the head, and now there gone elites of our country - said Lech Walensa, former Polish president and legendary leader of Solidarity movement. On the 70th Katynskoj anniversary of the massacre in the woods, during which Soviet forces had killed more than 20 000 Poles, Koczynskim traveled with the president and Chief of the General Staff of Polish Army, General Franciszek Gagor, the Polish National Bank President Slawomir Skrzypek, Deputy Foreign Minister Andrzej Kremer, Head Office presidents of Poland Władysław Stasiak, Polish Bishop Tadeusz Ploski vosjke, presidential candidate and vice president of the Polish Parliament Jerzy Szmajdziński ...
 Otherwise, in Poland were soon to be held presidential elections, and killed the president announced he will stand up for them to win the second term in that position. The Polish Government led by Prime Minister Donald Tusk called an emergency session. Tusk, otherwise a few days ago and I was Katynskoj woods where the victims field for the first time and gave a Russian official, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. Poland Gazeta Wyborcza made a list of all deaths in this incident. According to Polish law, the presidency will be occupied by Polish president Polish Parliament Bronisław Komorowski, which is required within 14-60 days to call new elections for president. &quot;I signed a decision about a week of national mourning,&quot; he told reporters Komorowski. (Jl) Lech Kaczynski - from child star to President Lech Kaczynski headed Polish up there since December 2005.
 In his homeland he became known for in his younger days. As a 12-year-old boy with blonde hair and freckles on her face (nicknamed &quot;Lechek&quot;), he, along with twin brother Jaroslaw, was a true movie star in many fairy tales. Lech and Jaroslaw born on 18 lipnja 1949th in Warsaw. During the Second World War, their parents were active participants in the &quot;Warsaw Uprising&quot; against the German occupiers. Great (and practicing) Catholic Lech Kaczynski studiorao right and decided to get involved in politics. When Polish workers are in conflict with communist rulers managed to establish a trade union &quot;Solidarnosc&quot;, Kazcynski supported labor leader Lech Vales. Together with his brother, Jaroslaw, founded the national-conservative party Law and Justice (PIS). He also advocated strengthening the role of the state and stressed the importance of national values. Since 2000. to 2001. was minist Justice. After his election to the State President, Poland has turned into a &quot;republic of twins.&quot;
 His brother Jaroslaw since 2006. until 2007. was prime minister. Two brothers at the same time she filled the two most important functions in the country. Lech Kaczynski, the 1978th married his college love Mary earlier. She was killed in an accident in Russia. Couple Kaczynski, he left behind a grown daughter. dw Tupolev Polish President / AFP
 