Only two years ago, conditions were diametrically opposite: then the money spent to encourage konjunkturnog growth. All 16 eurozone government debt is too high, and he was in the years ahead must be lowered below the limit of three percent of GDP. Today, no one remembers the promises by the European Ministers have given financial 2007th, during the German EU presidency. Shortly before the outbreak of the financial and economic crisis, they were promised that their national budgets &quot;will soon be rehabilitated.&quot; Because of the huge debts that are pressing, Union countries are forced to partially drastic austerity measures. After one of the many crisis meetings in recent years, the Austrian finance minister Josef Pröll has revealed how serious the situation is: &quot;Of course, that austerity measures will be a great challenge for the affected countries and governments. It is the greatest crisis in our history. Irresponsible spending of public money in some countries has led to almost collapse.
 The only way out is a fundamental change in structure, so that the future solid ruled the national finances. There is no alternative. &quot;Radical measures in Latvia and Ireland, Latvia and Ireland have been radically cut civil service salaries. Latvija now survives only thanks to the loan from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the European Union. Ireland has introduced new taxes and raised the age limit for retirement . In Latvia, one notices a slight economic recovery, but unemployment is around 19%. Latvians and Irish are more or less without major protests accept austerity measures - unlike the Greeks, who protested against the measure osto socialist government. Bildunterschrift: Protests in Athens The unrest in Athens in early May killed three people. Only with determined austerity measures, the Greek Prime Minister Giorgos Papandreou managed to get loans from other euro-zone members, or from the IMF.
 In the next three years, Greece has to save 30 billion euros, through the following measures: reduction of wages for civil administration, reducing pensions and increasing the VAT rate to 23%. Alternatives to these measures was not admitted Papandreou - Greece in those days threatened to bankrupt the state. The main burden of the austerity measures in Spain will file employees in state administration, or retirees. Unions threaten general strike. The government socialists Jose Zapateroa stumbling and it is possible to fall. In the next four years he wants to save 50 billion euros and reduce the rate of new borrowing. The government in Madrid has to save and many banks in the country, who are citizens of the credit to purchase real estate. Loans that they can not repay. Save the sea, and the Spaniards might be needed emergency loan from the European Union. Spain, Greece and Ireland are the countries with the most new borrowing in the eurozone.
 French protest against austerity measures Bildunterschrift: Merkel and Sarkozy after a meeting in Berlin in mid-June the French government hesitated in publishing details of its austerity package. President Nicolas Sarkozy plans to reform the pension system, and it does not come across with the approval of many Frenchmen. They protested against the reforms. Situation in the French treasury is not so bad as in Greece or Spain. Still, Sarkozy fears that austerity measures will adversely affect the growth of conjunctural. His opinion is shared by some economic analysts. And the French want to reduce the deficit, but only if the economy is developing in a positive direction. This requirement does not like the European Commission, and not even like German Chancellor Angela Merkel. And Germany has to save about 80 billion euros by 2014: &quot;Member States must take responsibility for a solid budget policy, it is a key element of the Eurozone,&quot; recalled Angela Merkel.
 The British are very pompously announced his austerity measures - in Parliament Queen Elizabeth about a month ago said that &quot;the supreme priority of deficit reduction and economic growth.&quot; Prime Minister David Cameron in the first phase, wants to save seven billion euros. Will it be enough to reduce the deficit? Bildunterschrift: Viktor Orban saves in the &quot;new&quot; member states. The new Hungarian government of Viktor Orban plans to lower the tax burden for businesses in order to eventually create new jobs. At the same time for 15% &quot;cut&quot; salaries of civil servants. And Hungary now survives only thanks to the IMF loan. Experts are skeptical about whether the government&#39;s measures to be effective. Relatively stable state is still in Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia. They do not have high foreign debts, and therefore the national austerity measures moderate. Save the sea and even Luxembourg, the richest EU countries.
 But there are not planned savings in the social sector or salary administration, or a pension. Despite all the announced austerity measures, the total debt of the 16 nations sharing the euro in the next year will grow to 90% of GDP, predicts the European Commission. European Agreement dozovljeno a maximum of 60% equity deficit. Author: Bernd Riegert / sma Re. ed: Mario Ljubicic
 