Mongolia (in Mongolian, Mongol Uls, &quot;the land of the Mongols&quot;) is a continental country in Central Asia, which borders Russia to the north and China to the south. Mongolia is a central part of the Mongol Empire in the 13th century, but since the late 18th century, the country was ruled by the Chinese Qing lineage. In 1921, Mongolia became independent, and with the help of the Soviet Union became a communist state. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Mongolia has accepted democracy as the political system. Mongolia has little arable land, much of its area consists of pastures, with mountains in the north and the Gobi desert in the south. Slightly more than 30% of the population are nomadic or semi-nomadic Tibetan Buddhist Mongolian ethnic origin. Over 50% of the population lives in the capital, Ulaanbaatar. Even in ancient times were due to unrealistic Mongolia harsh climate inhabited almost exclusively by nomadic tribes of herders, in this great country there are only sporadic small towns Samoyed and Uighurs, as well as some under Chinese influence.
 Even in this time was coming to attack certain tribes in China and the Silk Road which passed the western and central Asia. In the Middle Ages succeeded Genghis Khan (1155-1227) united the Mongol tribes in the country that is several centuries of global empire ruled by the 1240th reached as far as Central Europe. His grandson Kublai Khan († 1294 in Beijing), founded the Yuan dynasty in China, and Buddhist priests transferred the right to control Tibet. After several periods of weakness around 1400-and is under Timur Lenk again created a great empire that later in the period between 1690 and 1757 passed the Chinese dynasty Qving. After its fall 1911 Mongolia declared its independence, but it is still (despite Russian assistance) lasted until 1921 that Chinese forces (Northern militarist) finally expelled from the country. 1924 years was named the People&#39;s Republic of Mongolia, and has become an earth-satellite of the USSR.
 The ambition of the Soviet leadership to make Mongolia a modern communist state, almost completely destroyed traditional nomadic livestock breeding, which has caused great economic problems. During the Stalinist purges killed about 38,000 Mongols, among others, almost all the intelligence of the country and about 18,000 Buddhist monks. Almost all Buddhist monasteries of Mongolia, with all their cultural treasures and libraries are irreversibly destroyed.
 