Croatian citizen arrested in Ireland on suspicion with another six planned assassination of the Swedish cartoonist in good condition, and if an indictment against him, will probably deny the charges, said local media. According to unofficial sources, Daniel Orsos (26), who was in custody Tuesday in Kilkennyju, today released the District Court in Waterford as part of an investigation of planning the assassination of Sweden&#39;s Lars Vilks, who is in his cartoons showed the Prophet Muhammad with the body of a dog. Unusually for Ireland, the press and public was not allowed entry into the courtroom to protect the identity of suspects. It is about three people from Algeria and one each from the Croatian, United States, Libya and the Palestinian Authority. All seven people were of Islamic faith. Attorney Brian Chesser, who during the 65-minute hearing represented Orsos and six other defendants, asked that the defendants revoked his detention, but police have still got extra time for their testing.
 - Represents the group of seven people who were in detention for conspiracy to kill the Swedish artist. Among them is a Croat. All I can say is that after the initial 48 hours of his detention extended for another 72 hours. It is also possible that the additional requirement to extend another 48 hours - said Chesser. He added that he does not know whether and when you could be indicted. - It is a matter for the plaintiff. We really can not see the evidence before the case comes to court. Only then can we see them. So I do not know what evidence there Garda. We can see some pieces that relate to the question of custody - said Chesser likely Septuplets represented and if the case comes to court. Irish media reported some details about the connection between 46-year American Colleen LaRose, who used the internet nickname Jihad Jane and the alleged chief planner was the assassination of Vilks. Apparently first became friends with more Muslims in Ireland, and then they &quot;sponsored&quot; or guaranteed for them in the extremist Islamist Web site.
 Some of them are so get the password for a private Internet chat rooms where they discuss the assassination of Vilks. U.S. prosecutors claim that had been ordered to kill a Swedish cartoonist in a way that would intimidate &quot;the whole world kufara&quot; or infidels. (JL)
 