The newly elected Croatian president Ivo Josipovic certainly was not the first choice of a good portion of voters who last week voted for him, but obviously it was important not to choose Bandic thinking these days about some reasonable, intelligent people I know and wonder whether they really believe that Milan Mayor candidate family, country, faith, compassion, kindness ... The famous guy from the TV screen says, we lost the battle but that does not mean that we truly Croats who are committed to the achievements of the war and believe in God, we will not win the war .... And I still do not go to the head that Bandic experience as a person of such and such values. Well I&#39;m the biggest idiot, that nothing about him I never heard or read, following the election campaign we would all be clear. It is constantly trampled by all those wonderful and beautiful views that are supposedly in favor and consistently insisted on the division. It is poised najprizemnije and constantly contradict his rhetoric.
 Not only the fundamental postulates of religion but what he said was in contradiction with common sense. Not because the Mayor silly. Indeed. This is all coated with grease. Photomontage: Instructors do not understand these people who have wholeheartedly supported, although, of course, I respect their democratic right to choose. Yes I mean, it would allow a conclusion of type - and the idiots are Croats. Mayor Grez his rhetoric has not only insulted those who disagree with him but that his &quot;little people&quot; with whose money is so heartlessly played. This guy has the cheek thickness sole combat boots. He played the dirtiest map highlighting throughout the campaign, the little man, but not the rights and improving the lives of the same small man, but his modest knowledge, education and feelings towards the values for which the Mayor allegedly advocated, and actually it was my whole life trampled on the way of life. Divorced, violated to gain benefits that holy sacrament, cursing God and the mother lied so unscrupulous that it was never uttered.
 The highlight was watching public outrage at the recent Television this deal where he explicitly claimed that the genocide against the Republic of Serbia did not mention the concentration camps, although before you had a map with rounded up two dozen locations. Later in the news confirmed the existence of these facts and the Minister of Justice, but Bandiću that regardless of the evidence for his continued, the truth has never been important. It is important Muljatori common man, that his little man who believed he would convince him, that cheap rhetoric, these disgusting populism, demagogy and platitudes infect and indicate that massive vote for him. Obviously it is largely achieved its goal, but luckily for Croatia, most of it is a good assessment of the election on Sunday and assess their own, choosing the president of someone else. Luckily for this country what kind of person who can go so low, did not win the election.
 Because it is difficult to imagine a situation, a summit in Brussels, where the casual cocktail of such a man of manners and philosophy of life standing by foreign diplomats and does not understand what I am talking about. Standing and smiling idiot, looks like a calf in a colorful door and pray to god that the translator returned to writing because without it you know where is not what it is. That the Mayor, which miraculously became the third Croatian President, it would be a shame for Croatia because, obviously, on this cake could not chew. Regardless of its large, light eyes and a strong appetite, such a bit could not swallow. And he would not have died than Croatia. Which at this moment in this position much more comfortable even completely faceless person, someone who will just in these optional cocktails at European and world capitals to come to the fore charm, promoting Croatian culture, economics, science, etc. Of course, he has more powers. They can be fikus powers, but not necessarily.
 Even in such a presidential system Josipović has enough instruments to be as a person and as an institution to impose on the local political scene. Now is all there, depending how much will be creative and ambitious. Directly or indirectly, the president can have a significant impact on national policy and even in relation to the Government. Maybe we will be pleasantly surprised Josipović. You may also be implemented in accordance with its mandate of their authority quietly and without much pomp and perhaps third Croatian President opened the &quot;season&quot; the president that history will not be overly involved. Yet he was the first president of the authority to which one lives, the retired president. In fact, we easily with the president. It is much more interesting it will be defeated with Bandic. What happens now is a guy who for his attempts to conquer Pantovcak finally brought the end of their private war within the SDP. He was the party foot in your ass, and ambition for the throne of president of the republic was willing to sacrifice control of Zagreb and Zagreb&#39;s control over a huge budget.
 It is interesting to follow these days, and defeated the Church whose priests shamelessly, unchristian, illegal and very ugly, the election on Sunday openly campaigned on the altar, calling his flock to vote for Bandic. Im not bothered his affair. I prefer them a proven wrongdoer who refers to what suits them rather than an honest agnostic. It is so perverse modern Croatian Church, which is probably in his hatred of the supposedly red Josipoviću convinced that Milan Mayor Immaculate politically conceived. When they equal his &quot;communist&quot; years of service and the redness did not mind. So typical of Croatia - double standard. Rather bandit with a cross around his neck than poštenjačina not licking the altars. Pathetic. What the Church is now five years without her man at the top? What will bidan PM? I wonder what will soon USKOK police and who, even though it was disproved a few days before the election, the real action, dealing with the wholesaler Bandićem, confirm the well-informed sources.
 I am glad that the elections were completed. It would not be long endured the Mayor speaks about hatred, contempt, hostility nezabilježenoj in twenty years of democracy, which supposedly were intended for him, and in fact he is the only hatred that manifested and did everything he could split the people. It was a hypocrite without precedent in recent history, we have not had any yet. It just Pančić can love. I Tomac. After all, psychiatrists are dealing with people who have a need to talk about himself in third person. Best known for being the Mayor and Tomislav Mercep. About grezoj kajkavian better not to speak. There will be more of everything. Elections are just cracked a nice story at all. Although the mayor of Zagreb, just at the beginning of the mandate, he can no longer count on his former party, the SDP which owes all he has accomplished in politics. Who knows what to wear next Zagreb Assembly ... The fact is, Mayor no longer has strong support in Zagreb. However, this does not mean that it should be underestimated.
 No way, no chance! In the world of the HDZ and the SDP, the Mayor, Kerum, and Glavas and their ilk, those who have never been satisfied with a modern, democratic Croatian, will do its utmost to act as a third option. Manipulated will rave about the great Croatianism, little people, deprived and offer up. I doubt that it is 40 percent of all those who supported the presidential election Bandic but symptomatic of the diaspora to elect a completely opposite from the motherland. And the HDZ and the SDP should come from the butt to the head that it was time for constitutional change do not want you to Croatian control &quot;party&quot;. They must not allow these independent third rabble raise and play with their platitudes and uneducated and uninformed poor people in a short period to dispel all been accomplished in establishing democracy and the rule of law. History teaches us how to loose all these areas and how easy it is bogged down in the shit.
 It is well, therefore, to hear the announcement about the prime minister and head of the cooperation of the opposition. Cohabitation is a necessity, Croatia will be a consensus, and strategic goals must be undisputed. We should not underestimate the dangerous, but the third option because at all costs be minimized, to make them politically ridiculous. If you do not want najebati just so. In this country there is no room for rhetoric, red and black, if you do not wear a cross around her neck are not a Croat and similar frivolities ... Croatia has to seriously address such obscure characters that nothing is sacred, and the dollar yesterday in Tito and the Party, and now raising a revolution with the characters like Zlatko Sudac at the forefront. Too many people died in the war, too much bile was in the postwar period until today, that some kind polukriminalni characters are all destroyed in a moment. Are dangerous, that showed the presidential election. Croatia, and took the job! Because, it&#39;s nice once said: All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.
 