German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Nicolas Sarkozy (Sarkozy) is at its meeting in the French resort of Dovil (Deauville), most time was spent discussing how the EU can keep its state in the western financial crisis. Neither Paris nor Berlin does not want to repeat the case of Greece who last spring was on the verge of bankruptcy. Since agreement on the EU guarantees for loans to its individual members expires in two years, was an opportunity to lay the framework for a new stabilization mechanism for the euro, said French President Nicola Sarkozy: &quot;The financial crisis has shown that it is necessary to reform the procedures that exist to better coordinate our economic policies. Therefore, we will in Brussels to present a joint German-French proposal. A State within six months is not taken anything to reduce the deficit in its budget, must be punished. &quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: &quot;We need a change of contract,&quot; This proposal is really a compromise between the current positions of the two governments.
 France refused to support Germany, who advocated for it to automatically impose fines for those who &quot;enter into overdraft. German Chancellor Merkel, on the other hand, after a meeting in Dovilu certainly looking forward to opening the possibilities of the EU to intervene in the event that a country threatened by its bankruptcy. &quot;For this we need a change in the European treaty, which would allow that in the event of a crisis in its mastering participate and those who gave loans and guarantees to individual countries. It is important to establish such mechanisms so that everyone behave responsibly and to the moral crisis that is behind us. &quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The meeting of German and French delegations in Dovilu (Deauville) New partner - Russia Merkel and Sarkozy also discussed security issues. They are expected to join them today and Russian President Dmitri Medvedjev for talks on the offer of NATO to Russia to participate in the establishment of security antiraketnog shield over Europe.
 It seems that the ideas in the meantime has become acceptable and the government in Berlin. The chancellor and the French president will be in addition to the guest from Moscow to convey that the new strategy of NATO, which will be discussed at the alliance summit next month, is not directed against Russia. Therefore Medvedjevu sent invitations to attend and I mentioned the summit in Lisbon. It is expected that Medvedjev answered tonight if it accepts the invitation. Author: dpa / ap / afp / A. Slanjankic Re. eds: Z. Arbutina
 