Kim Jong-il of North Korea arrived in Beijing by special train. With Chinese President certainly talked about the economic assistance that his country could get from China. For the people of North Korea&#39;s suffocating in poverty. One of the few citizens of North Korea who knows only poverty, but on the contrary, a connoisseur of luxury and wealth, called Kim Jong Ryul. For years, this one, now 75 years old, a man concerned that the regime in Pyongyang is well-stocked forbidden luxury goods. In his book &quot;In the service of a dictator, Kim Jong Ryul described his own life. In the service of a dictator Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: On the Vienna diplomatic passport and a bag full of cash Jong Ryul Kim in 1974. first traveled to the capital Vienna. In the Austrian capital was supposed to do the shopping for the Korean dictator Kim Il Sung and his family. &quot;Metal detectors, detectors of toxic gases, apparatus for establishing a fingerprint ...
 anything is possible. Dictators, for example like the villa in which they will be German and Austrian goods, gold-plated window frames with armored glass, different colors on the doors, windows, all I had to be ordered, loaded into a container and sent to North Korea. &quot;Fifties, Kim Jong Ryul studied in the former Eastern Njemačkoj.Tamo he learned German and the following years because language proficiency often traveled to Austria. While the people starving in North Korea, Kim was in Europe for a luxurious villa dictatorial purchased silk wallpaper and marble, and private fleet ruling family of luxury cars. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Cabbage and rice for North Korean children in nurseries in Stuttgart at Mercedes &quot;The people are starving, they literally had nothing to eat, but these are the dictators of the sixties to drive in a luxury sedan. How many times I&#39;ve only been in Stuttgart and bought the Mercedes 600 Pullman.
 Not just one but several of them, more than a decade, all bulletproof. &quot;Headquarters for this purchase was North Korea Embassy in Vienna. Samu buying a small business they did with North Korea is paying richly for their services. Because they are ordered and goods for embargo was not allowed to be sold to North Korea. Then they just repackaged the goods and procure false documents. For it is the fat pay Pyongyang. General Kim Jong Ryul often wore huge amounts of cash with you, because it is a great deal of work, North Korea could only pay in cash. Life in isolation Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The great leader Kim Jong Il, (seated left), posing with their firstborn son, Kim Jong Namom, (seated right), and relatives in Pyongyang in August 1981st 1994 . Kim Jong Ryul defected to the West. For him to death spurred North Korean state founder Kim Il Sung.
 Kim Jong Ryul, who now lives in Austria, then was convinced that, after the dictator&#39;s death, the North Korean regime will not last long. &quot;I thought - now that is a big dictator is dead, it will still take a long time until it happens revolution and democracy there. And not only me. Many intelligent people are so mean. Only a few years North Korea will collapse. As East Germany , as the Berlin Wall. But this is, of course, be wrong. &quot; Kim is a flight staged as an accident, because he wanted to prevent his family in North Korea be punished for it. Since then, he lived anonymously and withdrawn in Austria. For fear of North Korean officials meet, almost did not come out of the house. He refused to call a neighbor. Do not have to go to the doctor, it is looked down on health. With 75 years, Kim has now dropped out of anonymity by publishing a book. &quot;Before I die I want the last whoop and then die.
 This last interjection, it is my book, in which I said everything. This is the last stop of my life. These dictators have forced me to flee. &quot;Author: Silke Ballweg / sk Re. Eds.: N. Kreizer
 