Friday, a day of prayer in the Muslim world, used by terrorists to attack two mosques in the Pakistani city of Lahore. It is the mosque of the Islamic minority Ahmadi sect. In Pakistan itself, this is considered non-Muslim sect, and thus susceptible to a number of limitations, challenges to their opponents. The fact is that sectarian attacks, which is hard for today&#39;s attack, not a rarity! In today&#39;s explosions of bombs, grenades and machine guns shooting killed, according to initial estimates, at least 70 people and wounded dozens! Justifiably concerned that victims will be much higher. Specifically, the security forces soon entered into one of the mosques and the other under siege and are fighting with the attackers, who were presumably part of the faithful kept as hostages. Meanwhile, witnesses claimed that at several places in the city occurred simultaneously fire a few more strikers. Lahore is the capital of Punjab province, Pakistan&#39;s capital of culture.
 However, in recent months and the scene of fierce attacks. Various militant groups that have found a suitable ground for sectarian attacks. This diversity intertwine with the Taliban, domestic as well as those that arrived over the border. Therefore, references to the direct influence of Al-Qaeda is not a coincidence. Today&#39;s goals are clear signal that the militants are alive, active, well-armed and ready to attack at any moment. Civilian casualties, which are still numerous, they should be and how to take care of the official authorities, who are constantly on the way the test: who is actually the government, oversees not only the individual parts of Pakistan but the entire country. What is the role of tribal leaders and where the limits of individual power? All these are dangerous when questioning the neighbor Afghanistan and the border is almost impossible to control. I recall that in March this year, also in Lahore, killing 45 people. Then the target of suicide bombers was a densely populated residential neighborhood.
 Otherwise, the punjabskom capital last year&#39;s team was attacked by Sri Lankan cricket, then the center for police training, a little later, in May, and the seat of the police special forces, it was argued, well-guarded Mall Road. In such situations, Lahore operates as a city under siege, diminish the daily life, control is lifted to a higher level, and the terrorists ... According to current procedures, a new action plan! Official Pakistani authorities so far still follow terrorists, respond to attacks, but somehow I can not get the advantage and prevent a new action, much less discover the places and people who give orders. Whatever the Pakistani government claims, the strength of the militants has increased the last two years. Even the murder of leaders Baitullaha Meshuda in August 2009. year, did not stop them, but they hit the new force. Is it a lack of organization of official Islamabad, are we up to the task, they have enough intelligence or simply make their own corruption? Population, which tries to maintain a normal life for all it holds responsible government, which should guarantee security and stability.
 Frequent explosions and victims in Lahore, warned that there was no safe place in Pakistan. Specifically, after 11 September Lahore Pakistan was the only city that has remained relatively quiet, its residents say, adding that whoever wants to destabilize the whole country or government, will go to Lahore! Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari, said that many times, he wants to deal with terrorists, but ... But the army. Does the president support in their ranks? In the past, lest we forget, it was the army needed was a patron of the militants, the question is whether they are now on the same wavelength with the President or the past is still very much present in the present proceedings. However, the risks became too great, and if you do not want Pakistan to become another Taliban state, must agree on a common, unconditional, strategy. The internal threat they must be sufficient incentive to join forces! Recent attacks in Lahore on them again to suggest.
 