If there is no will, the following rules apply in different situations, such as, for example testator was not married and no children: England, Wales, Northern Ireland heritage of their parents exceeding the testator. If they are already dead at the time of his death, to inherit the testator brothers and sisters from the same father and mother. Scotland: Where the testator outlive one or both parents and his brothers and sisters, but had no children or spouse, then outlasted his parent or parents are entitled to one half of the legal inheritance and survivor brothers and sisters in the second half. Testator was not married and has children in England and Wales, Northern Ireland If the testator has children but no spouse, the inheritance is distributed between the children. If Scotland were children survived the testator, but no spouse, children are entitled to the entire estate. Testator has a spouse: England and Wales: If the testator has no children and no parents or brother or sister from the same father and mother, children or brothers or sisters of the same father and mother, the remaining inheritance (after deduction of any debt) is held under the care of nadživjelog the wife or husband.
 If the testator has no children, but there are one or more parent or sibling of the same father and mother or the child&#39;s brother or sister of the same father and mother, In addition, the surviving spouse (or partner) is below the rights of choice. Scotland: If the testator has a spouse but no children: If the testator outlive a spouse but no children, parents, brothers or sisters (or their children) surviving spouse is entitled to the entire estate. Northern Ireland: When the testator has a spouse and no children, but have parents or brothers or sisters or children of deceased brothers or sisters, spouse inherits Also, the surviving spouse can buy the personal representative ostaviteljev part of the common flat / house. When the testator has a spouse (or partner), but has no children, no parents, no brothers or sisters (or their children) surviving spouse (or partner) is entitled to the entire estate.
 Testator has a spouse and children: England and Wales: When the testator has a spouse (or partner) and children, the surviving spouse (or partner) inherit movable property and, in addition, £ 250 000 from legal inheritance, the remaining estate (in addition to leasing) holds a personal representative as one half under the care of nadživjelog spouse during his life, and under the care of the children of the testator during their lives, as well as the other half for children under the care of the testator. Surviving spouse (or partner) have the following rights of choice: Scotland: If the testator has a spouse (or partner) and children, outlived her husband or wife (or partner) has the primary right: In addition, as a &quot;legal right&quot; surviving spouse inherits ostaviteljevih one-third of the remaining property. The remaining children to inherit estate. Northern Ireland: When the testator has a spouse (or partner) and children, Also, the surviving spouse can buy the personal representative ostaviteljev part of the common house or apartment in which the surviving spouse lived at the time of death of the testator.
 Inherit the partners in registered or unregistered communities? United Kingdom recognizes the registered community. Yes, according to the civil community in 2004. year registered (same sex) partners have equal rights to inherit as spouse of the testator.
 