To avoid any confusion: enthusiastic trend is mainly related to the sale of expensive and sophisticated models of weapons, the new generation of combat aircraft to submarines, ships and missile systems of all kinds of range. The biggest sellers of weapons are the countries of the world political scene act as exporters of peace. By the way, are exported to countries where peace, adds to the truck arms. It is the United States, Russia, Germany, France and Britain, which together hold 80 percent of the world market. According to the military magazine &quot;Defense News&quot;, the largest exporters of military equipment last year signed new contracts worth a total of 150 billion dollars. With his part of the pie than 30 percent of the market is arguably America&#39;s leading exporter of weapons. Most loyal buyers of weapons &quot;made in USA&quot; are South Korea, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Turkey and more recently Eastern European countries, fresh NATO members.
 Fighter aircraft F-16 in many different forms, or F-18 Hornet and an anti-aircraft systems like patriot, anti-tank systems and precision-guided bombs are the most wanted U.S. military products. America since 2001. by 2008. on arms sales earned $ 155 billion. Half of that went to the so-called high-risk zone. developing countries where the pulsating tension at the edge of the shootout, which are often crossed. And in 2009. China and India were the biggest buyers of Russian weapons, which holds a 20 per cent of trade. More than 40 countries from North Africa to South America, was bought weapons from Russia. Purchasing nasjuvremenijih aircraft like MIG-29, dry 30, T-90 tanks, aircraft carrier &quot;Admiral Gorski&quot; and &quot;Kiev&quot;, China and India become superpowers. This particularly applies to change the balance of the Pacific, for the purchase of the former Soviet aircraft carriers of the two countries are becoming global and maritime forces. Moscow continues to large supplies of arms and oil rich Venezuela led by anti-American mood Hugo Chavez.
 Among the treaties between Moscow and Caracas is one of the two procurement eksadrila with 24 fighter bombers dry-30, worth more than a billion dollars, and the procurement of transport helicopters worth 700 million U.S. dollars. Sophisticated military hardware Russia wins South America, which until yesterday was considered &quot;a political lobby&quot; Washington. In the period since 2005. until 2009., compared to 2000. until 2004. on this continent for the purchase of weapons soared 150 percent. Of course, dominates the Russian weapons. Croatia is also ranked in the possible buyers of Russian aircraft, and the only NATO member that Moscow offers nasuvremenije version MIG 29th Russia&#39;s offer to train a Croatian fighter pilot for the astronauts and launch it on the international space station ISS is not only a good marketing move. Above all, this is the announcement that Russia will make an effort to obtain Croatian Russian fighter jets and thus become a &quot;shop window&quot; within the North Atlantic alliance in which the MIG&#39;s show in the best light.
 Third place for the export of weapons taken by Germany. Main export destinations Germany&#39;s military industries are European countries, in which exports grew more than 100 percent. The two most important buyer of German weapons as Greece and Turkey in which one third goes to exports, while behind them followed by South Africa. The majority of German exports are Leopard-2A4 tanks and licensed production of submarines. Greece, whose finances because of the fantastic high debt of 300 billion euros completely collapsed, and still considering the purchase of Eurofighter fighter whose production of Germany plays a leading role. Greece that threatens the state was bankrupt in the past five years in fifth place in the world by quantity of weapons. Eurofighter Typhoon offers and Croatia. For the purposes of the fair military technology &quot;Adriatic Sea Defense &amp; Aerospace&quot; will be in July next year, held in Split, Kastela Bay over the Hunter will perform several demanding stunts.
 On the other side of the story when it comes to humanitarian aid, the United Nations last year, which was marked by many natural disasters, the great difficulty jade skrpali 4 billion U.S. dollars, instead of 9 billion. The reason? Drop in donations countries due to economic problems. The five permanent UN Security Council members and also the largest arms producers in the world. Let&#39;s add the fact that only 22 countries out of 192 UN member states for 2009. paid the full amount of dues. The largest debtor is the United States, whose government has to pay 2.3 billion U.S. dollars on behalf of the membership. According to respected New York Times &quot;, the development of cancer drugs in the largest medical-pharmaceutical laboratories of the EU and the U.S. in the same year he spent $ 10 billion. European Bank for Reconstruction and Development this year announced an investment of 10 billion dollars in the development of countries in Eastern Europe and Turkey, while at the same time zone and country European and American military-industrial complex in the coming five to ten years on account of sale of aerospace technology to draw, According to estimates of defense experts, a respectable 15 billion euros.
 New NATO members have a huge market for manufacturers, since the entry into the military alliance have to replace old weapons. In fact leads Poland, which recently bought 48 U.S. fighters F-16 Block 50/52 for 4 and a half billion dollars. &quot;And our region is attractive,&quot; says Igor Tabak, a respected military analyst. &quot;Given that the domestic capacity to develop and produce small, silly or non-existent, it is clear that the restoration of the military to depend on international calls and imports. But the whole idea of momentum in the reconstruction and modernization of the military will be seriously put in relation to the local budgetary possibilities, &quot;says Tabak. Arms trade continues Tabak, somewhat dependent on international crises and wars, but he said, by no means exclusively. &quot;Godina 2009. was marked by a series of active international conflicts, I mean primarily on Afghanistan, and the internal conflicts of varying intensity in the Gaza Strip, Somalia and other countries.
 A wide range of countries in the process of modernization of its armed forces, such as Syria, Iran, and Southeast Europe. All this carries a great work of the defense industry of the world, &quot;said the Zagreb military analyst. Gordan Bosanac from the Centre for Peace Studies (CMS) says the greatest country the world arms sales legal and illegal channels, regardless of their proclaimed democratic values. &quot;What is problematic is that a good part of the industry and its development, namely the U.S., based on military programs. Along with democracy and called. security, the United States regularly in the package and exports weapons. Fortunately, due to the recession and cuts funding the Ministry of Defence, Croatia has postponed buying new weapons. Another problem is the story about the military market is unknown to whom arms sales to Croatia. There is no transparency and we do not know in which high-risk countries are Croatia gun. Right hand weapon produces the most deaths on the battlefields of the world.
 Unfortunately, civilian organizations do not participate in the supervision of Croatian exports of weapons, &quot;said a Bosnian, program manager in the CMS.
 