6 days ISTANBUL - DEPARTURE plane: 30.12.2010.god. Price per person: € 398 - 4 * Hotel € 758 - 5 * Hotel Istanbul - The city of Emperor Constantine, the capital of the emperors of the Eastern Roman Empire and the center of the great Turkish Empire has more than 15 million inhabitants and ranks the largest cities in the world. Unique because it is the only city that spans two continents. A witness to important historical epochs and empires that have left their city seals. All military (Egyptian, Persian, Greek, Roman, Ottoman, Crusader ...) have passed the city. At the famous Bosphorus, Istanbul today is a combination of the Orient and Europe, contemporary and traditional, familiar and mysterious ... this new year we provide to all the hotels we offer are the most beautiful part of Istanbul in the center of the Taksimi. Day 1 30.12. PODGORICA - ISTANBUL Meeting at the airport in Podgorica on Oki Air counter in 11.00h.
 Take off for Istanbul to 12.50h (carrier Turkis Airlines). After landing at 15.30 in central Istanbul Ataturk Airport, followed by transfer to aerodoma and accommodation at the hotel of your choice. Hotel Euro Plaza 4 * www.europlazahotel.com, we have used in previous years, with which the passengers were very pleased with the outstanding position. Located on the three-minute walk from the central promenade on Taksimi. Marmara Hotel 5 * http://www.themarmarahotels.com/The-Marmara-Istanbul/index.asp, one of the synonyms of the city, certainly the best located hotel in the central square in Istanbul Ataturk to Taksimi, with fantastic views of the Bosphorus. Leisure. Overnight. Day 2 31.12. ISTANBUL Breakfast. Panoramic city sightseeing bus: The ancient Hippodrome - Teodosijev stub, Blue Mosque, Hagia Sophia, hat bazaar, Valensov viadukt, Golden Horn, Galata Bridge, a modern neighborhoods Bejoglu and Taksim, the descent of the Bosphorus, Dolma palace Bahçe - last residence of Ottoman sultans.
 Optional tour of the palace and harem DOLMBAHCE, built in the nineteenth century, where the sultans moved from Topkapi palace. Represents a sumptuous mansion in a European-style accommodation in the chosen hotel. Leisure. Overnight. Optional - organized trip to the gala New Year&#39;s dinner organized by the national restaurant IN ISTANBUL (www.istanbulin.com) on Taksimi. With its offer is valid for one of naboljih the restaurants in Istanbul. Along with dinner, music, and very rich in oriental folklore program with belly dancers in an authentic way to feel the spirit of this country. The program runs from 21-01h overnight. Day 3 01.01.2011. ISTANBUL Breakfast. Day off .. Bosphorus Cruise. Visit to the Ecumenical Patriarchate (the seat of the Ecumenical Patriarchate and the Ecumenical patrijaha of 1600., Located in the church Sv.Djordja, where he held a number of relics). In the evening there is a possibility of optional visits to the National Restaurant In Istanbul (rerun New Year&#39;s Eve).
 Overnight. Day 4 02.01. ISTANBUL Breakfast. Free day or optional tour with local guide: the Blue Mosque (Sultan Ahmed Mosque), Hagia Sophia (now a museum, originated in 4 times as a church. This magnificent edifice is the case for centuries the largest church in the world. With the arrival of the Turks in the XV Ages became a mosque) and Topkapi Castle (Turkish Sultan&#39;s palace from the fifteenth to the nineteenth century, where they ruled the empire). Overnight. Day 5 03.01. ISTANBUL Breakfast. Free day made for relaxation and shopping (the shopping recommend Kapali bazaar where you have over 4000 actions, or some shopping malls such as Akmerkez, Kanyon and Dževahira, which are currently the most attractive shopping centers in Europe). Day 6 04.01. ISTANBUL - PODGORICA Breakfast. Departure towards the airport. The flight from Istanbul to 11.05h. Arrival in Podgorica to 11.50h. With this program apply general catch Galileo Travel Agency! PRICE PACKAGES: Hotel MARMARA 5 * 758 € http://www.themarmarahotels.com/The-Marmara-Istanbul/index.asp Hotel Euro Plaza 4 * 398 € www.europlazahotel.com package price includes: - transport plane Podgorica - Istanbul - Podgorica - hotel accommodation in Istanbul by choice, 5 nights with breakfast.
 - Visits to the program - a tourist lead times - and other organizational costs. The package price does not include - airport tax € 87 (payable to the agency) - tickets for the localities and optional excursions. IMPORTANT INFORMATION: - Book for the New Year in Istanbul In a restaurant, as well as for the rerun, is required when booking the package, due to the limited number of places. - Price Optional NEW 2010 amounted to € 100 per person! - The price of dinner 01.01.2010. amounts to € 50 per person! - National Restaurant In Istanbul on Taksimi (www.istanbulin.com), with its offer is valid for one of naboljih the restaurants in Istanbul. With the festive dinner, oriental music and folklore program with belly dancers in an authentic way, feel the spirit of this country. The price includes bus transportation, dinner with starters, salad, main course, dessert and unlimited domestic beverages prozivodnje.
 We recommend their famous brandy Raki, wine or beer Efes. - Hotel Euro Plaza 4 * (www.europlazahotel.com) excellent hotel located in a prime location on Taksimi, three minutes walk away from the central pedestrian zone. All rooms are air-conditioned, twin or double room with extra bed, with shower, TV ... Service: bed and breakfast (Swedish table). This hotel in previous years, travelers have been very satisfied. - Marmara Hotel 5 * http://www.themarmarahotels.com/The-Marmara-Istanbul/index.asp one of the synonyms of the city, certainly the best located hotel in the central square in Istanbul Ataturk to Taksimi, with fantastic views of the Bosphorus. Service: bed and breakfast (Swedish table). - Visa is not required owners of new CG passport, which must have all the passengers! - The Agency reserves the right to change the order of the obligation of visiting all these sites. Galileo Agency organized a tour of Istanbul for the New 2007, 2008 and 2009.
 year, and 8-March 2007.
 