Two women carried out by a suicide attack in the Moscow subway - so the media information with which the Russian government quickly came out to the public, stating that the suspect was probably a two Čečenkama. Also, they quickly on the forums of independent Internet newspaper Gazeta appeared completely different accusations. One reader wondered whether President Dmitry Medvedjev now announced the reform of the police to speed up or delay? Many other readers have amounted to doubt that behind the attack is actually a secret service FSB. One reader noted that the governing structure in this way they want to divert attention from the real problems of citizens. The attacks would in fact be able to serve the government in Moscow to carry out even greater pressure on his critics, and that the demonstrators and opposition leaders equate with terrorists, suspected some of the readers of Internet publications Gazete. Another was in turn asked: If every month saying that in Chechnya the situation peacefully, then how come the sudden attacks now? Bildunterschrift: The double blast injured more than 60 people or you are separatists or terrorists, or Wahhabis One thing is certain: In Chechnya is not peaceful, nor stable, and the resistance of the population continues.
 Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov rules the Caucasian Republic of completely arbitrary, &quot;says one Chechen who was six months ago left his country and fled to Germany:&quot; The situation is catastrophic. Stability is no speech. There, the government loot. Every man is attributed to something, either you or separatist, terrorist or Wahhabis. If someone issues a second, then gets royalties from 5-6000 U.S. dollars. And there are still those who are against Russia and who are fighting for the independence of Chechnya. &quot;Responsibility Moscow&quot; members of the resistance movement fighting for the independence of Chechnya is, however, clear that, although President Kadyrov care of fear and terror, the real enemy is sitting in Moscow, &quot;Ahmed Zakajev believes that the 1990-it was a minister in the Chechen Government, and now lives as a political asylum seeker in London:&quot; Responsibility for what is happening in Chechnya and throughout the North Caucasus bear the Russian leadership.
 I am sure that Ramzan Kadyrov is completely controlled by the Kremlin. Kadyrov does not do anything without the approval of his patron Vladimir Putin, &quot;says Zakajev, stating that the struggle for independence of Chechnya last until he found a solution that will meet the Chechens and Russians. He believes that the independence of Chechnya can be achieved by peaceful means, and condemns violence. On the other hand, Russia is Zakajev suspected of terrorism, which is why Moscow, requiring his extradition. Last year, negotiating his extradition. Zakajev Moscow is set three conditions for it: &quot;The first condition is that the Russians delivered the remains known to Chechens to bury them, the other is the release of more than 20,000 Chechens from Russian prison; third requirement is that members of families who are in the Chechen resistance movement, who still live in the country, are no longer persecuted. The Russian side did not fulfill these three basic conditions and negotiations have been terminated. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Some will never give up the independence of Chechnya, experts say the situation in the North Caucasus and the diaspora scared Zakajev currently trying to organize a Chechen diaspora.
 So it should be held the World Congress of Chechens who will set the request for the establishment of an independent Chechen state. Yet in this respect are the Chechens who live in exile passive. Many primarily only want one thing: peace. We also do not want to commit themselves politically. Zakajev assumed it was because of fear. Many fear that in fact this can endanger themselves and their loved ones who live in Chechnya. Terror, violence and intimidation carried out by the Kremlin in Chechnya are spreading to the Chechens who live in Western Europe, &quot;says our source from the beginning of the story who, after years spent underground, escaped six months ago in Germany, but I still do not wants to speak the full name. Most Chechens will never give up the idea of establishing an independent state. Authors: Gesine Dornblüth / Zorica Ilic Re. Editor: Marina Martin
 