The commander of the operation to curb oil pollution in the Gulf of Mexico, Admiral Allen was at the press conference said that BP&#39;s collection system now draws about 15,000 barrels a day, but that much oil to the hole and still leaking into the sea. Admiral Allen said in a letter to President Administration BP&#39;s Tony Hayward, also sought to gain control over the process of payment of claims against the company, related to the oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico, reported CBS News. However, the question of how much oil poured out of the hole is still no answer, because it is an issue worth billions of dollars. Specifically, based on the amount of oil that will be determined in fines BP. BP last week gave up reporting on the amount of oil that flows into the sea, leaving it to the American authorities. No official response to the question of the oil slick remains elusive, according to CBS. BP said on Wednesday scientists provide high-resolution video with the wells, scientists tried to determine the exact amount of oil, but still holds the other materials.
 &quot;Our estimates should be independent of BP. We need to remove them from the process,&quot; said Professor Steve Wereley with Purdue University. Disparity between American authorities and the BP-and there are questions about giants polurazgrađene accumulations of oil beneath the surface, in the depths of the Gulf of Mexico, which scientists have warned for days while BP claims that all the oil on the surface. BP also operates with what people see on the internet. Based company has paid Google to its Web site appears when people enter the search term &quot;oil slick&quot; or &quot;claim&quot;. BP did not say how much he paid to his web site appears in search results. U.S. President Barack Obama at the last visit to Louisiana was criticized BP for investing $ 50 million PR campaign in the U.S. media. Previous articles: Journalist plunged into an oil slick in the Gulf of Mexico (09.06.2010.) It will take years to clean oil slick (07.06.2010.) Dome in the bottom third of the oil must be collected (06.06.2010.) Hina | Danas.hr 10:06 .2010.
 