Afghanistan&#39;&#39;is beginning a stronger presence in the Croatian area of Central Asia. Before us is not an easy path, it will be a space battle with global competition, but it&#39;s only a possible way if we want to live by their own work. Croatia has opened new markets,&#39;&#39;said the president of the Croatian Chamber of Economy Nadan Vidoševiæ the opening of the CCC in the Afghan capital of Kabul. Vidoševiæ added that Croatia, uvažavajuæi European market, which previously had to turn to other major world markets, along with Central Asia, like China, India, Brazil and Russia and the Arab world and the entire range of other markets Non-Aligned Movement. The President visited the CCC and 15 contingent of the Croatian Army, which operates within the international force ISAF. He noted that eight years of experience and field work with the Afghan people, the underlying premise for the start of economic cooperation, as a result, and the resulting CCE office in Kabul.
 He expressed the hope that the Prime Minister will Kosor after a recent visit to Moscow soon to visit Afghanistan, because that would be key to the success of the Croatian economy in this market and start&#39;s different economic policy at the international level. Licensed representative CCC uruèio Alokazai Jan Khan, vice president of the Afghan Trade and Industry Chamber. Cooperation with the Croatian&#39;&#39;is of great importance for the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. We encourage the Afghan investors to come to Croatia and you are guaranteed to Afghan businessmen honest men of trust&#39;&#39;, poruèio Khan Jan Alokozai. After the opening of the CCC was held on the Croatian-Afghan business forum attended by 11 Croatian companies: Alan Agency, Birotehna, Dalekovod, DOK ING, Hittner, Instrumentaria, Jacquard, Podravka, Fan Group, HCR-CTDT and Cluster for Humanitarian Demining.
 Croatia is among only seven states with a license for access to all tenders in the country, the United States, Canada, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Russia and India. According to Director of CCE offices in Kabul Coffee Donatus, Afghanistan is open for the entry of foreign companies, and lacks the kind of goods, particularly food, clothing, footwear, medicines, agricultural equipment, machinery and electric appliances. Also of interest are major infrastructure projects, especially in road construction, bridge construction, water supply and sanitation, production and distribution of electricity. There are numerous business opportunities for our company and through projects funded by NATO (in 2010. Valued at 460 million euros), as well as civilian projects financed by the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan, U.S. United States (80 percent) and EU countries. His deputy Zvonimir Radièek noted that the risks of doing business in the last two years will decrease, and the control and financing costs, are of a high level.
 Prior to execution of projects in Afghanistan are carried out safety checks on areas where the project is implemented. Kabul is very well connected, airline routes from Frankfurt, Dubai and New Delhi are very often (4-5 times a day). In Kabul there are about 4600 foreign civilians. CCC has signed a cooperation agreement with the Afghan Chamber of Commerce and Industry which in turn are prerequisites for obtaining all tenders that are launched in Afghanistan. Apart from the tender, CCC will provide information about business opportunities, security issues, to organize the arrival of business, facilitating communication with the bureaucracy and they need omoguæavati contacts as well as all aid in their performance in that market. (PV) 13 July 2010.
 