Should promptly investigate the Israeli attack on a ship that was driven by humanitarian aid to the population of Gaza, but three years in the blockade! Should urgently establish: what happened and who was responsible for that? He said that, two days ago, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the official flag of the world organization out there on the 35th floor of the East River in New York. I do not know whether that day in New York was rainy and cloudy, as many people and how these affect the mood and limited reasoning! UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon strongly in half a vote, because as a man and not talk too loud even when something requires the name of the world, demanded that Israel implement what the Security Council after a thorough discussion agreed as the least harmful? For whom? It will be seen as the Middle East story without end, in which each new &quot;actor&quot;, as it likes to call, give their contribution. So, the Israelis are required to &quot;promptly respond with an independent, credible and transparent investigation&quot;.
 They themselves need to be explored! The idea of an international investigation was blocked in the Council, the United States. Turkey, whose ship was attacked, and nine killed in Israeli military operations by the Turks, called for an investigation similar to that of Richard Goldstone was conducted in connection with last year&#39;s attack and the fighting in Gaza. Why is there such a thing is unacceptable? Goldstone is a world famous judge war crimes, South African, but also a Jew. Well, that and this is the end of the investigation, which lasted, he concluded that in the case of Gaza and Israel and Hamasovci guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity! Story immediately came to an end ... The current chapter of the Middle East contains nearly repetition of what the international community can have a very long time, and sometimes just changing the name. Most recently, Turkey has carried out control of the ship attacked the board and checked the passengers! If this were not enough, why not requested UN checks of the ship or its stop on the high seas? Such as Israel did not have in mind.
 Army, Special Forces, that is what the first run! And so began this week. Invasion izraelskh specials hardly anyone in the world can be considered a legitimate move, much less that the arrival of ships with humanitarian aid open invitation for an attack that killed nine people. In the Middle East are so many people die to get someone to that number may seem small for such &quot;noise&quot; but ... This time we will about the quality of planning such operations and the effects they produced! The Israeli military leadership should be concerned if the well in such a way protects the security of their country. And about the word? All those in Gaza are dependent on outside help, and them is an estimated 1.5 million people are still condemned the Israeli blockade imposed on them. Everything is monitored so that, for example, in Gaza can not cement, sugar! According to UN statistics, 70% of Gazans live on less than $ 1 a day, and 75% dependent on food aid, while 60% of them have daily access to water.
 This collective punishment of Palestinians, Jerusalem justifies the existence of Hamas in their ranks. Aware of the situation, Egypt reopened the border crossing with Gaza to people other than tunnels, could how-so helpful. For this &quot;new&quot; state of the Security Council has a message addressed to the Israeli address: siege of Gaza can not be supported! So look for: a continuous flow of goods and people in Gaza, as well as the smooth distribution of humanitarian aid. Spoken, written, sent. I? I recall that Israel&#39;s insistence on the right to block Gaza, no country in the world, not even the United States, is not supported. And what happened? The UN, which categorically condemns the blockade was cleared of all Goldstone report of possible condemnation of the attack on the same Gaza. Everyone has known that Israel is in violation of the record of UN resolutions and international law is not something that should be invoked or relied upon. Thus, neither international law must be in the latest case was not an obstacle to move the operation to attack a ship in international waters.
 With all that the American representative in the eternal security rebuked the organizers of the flotilla that attempted to deliver aid as it was irresponsible to try to deliver aid by sea because of Israeli blockades! With this package podupirnja successful negotiation of distance, in Washington next week at the invitation of the White House reached Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Last time, in March, for talks with President Barack Obama arrived after the construction was approved more than a thousand new houses to Jewish settlers in East Jerusalem. Disaster, was the only rating this meeting! Disaster did not prevent the new Jerusalem, a move, much less reduce the confidence of the Israeli prime minister. He knows that the Palestinians were disunited and that he was not a threat to the sudden decision, and also knows that America will sulk for a while, but will it pass without serious consequences for long-term alliance of convenience! Who do you account for Ban Ki-moon, as he is more convincing if not louder?
 