At the conference organizers and the competent institutions of Duisburg after nineteen young people lost their lives trying to get the Loveparade, Rainer Schaller was only reluctantly announced that this was the last Love Parade and that he will no longer be maintained. Schaller is by no means an unknown person in the German business world. However, his company is far from the &quot;first division&quot; of the German economy, but it is one of the few people in this country can boast of having his hands in just the last fifteen years, created a business empire. &quot;Are you crazy?&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: At the bank he was considered crazy - but Schaller had a clear concept in mind. It all started in the Bavarian town of Würzburg 1997th However, Schaller did not start from scratch. His family took four supermarket chain Edeka, but Schaller was fantasizing about something completely different.
 As a fan of Arnold Schwartzeneggera and passionate athlete he wanted to open his own fitness studio. At the bank he was &quot;regarded as insane, as I said, why to deal with something that barely profitable, instead of having to pay their supermarkets? Thus, he refused a loan to start a business, but Schaller sold - but only two - of the four supermarkets. So he bought the former furniture shop of 700 square meters, set up equipment for training, and already the first advertising slogan was on the verge of lies: &quot;McFit - now and in Würzburg. For McFit not exist anywhere else, but Schaller wanted to evoke the impression that this is only part of a large American chain. What was and still is inherently McFitu, you&#39;ll rarely find any of the staff to assist with the exercises. The first day was a personal Schaller with its 27 years, was everything - from accountants to coaches. But why is membership in the club was incredibly low: 16.90 euros per month for a fitness studio which is open from 0 to 24
 However, the price is deceptive, because the customers - if they wanted to exercise after rinsed the sweat in the shower, to have the &quot;luxury&quot; each time to pay 50 cents. &quot;We need something crazy - and cheap!&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: A rare sight: the coach has the time for the customer. But a deal with fitness studios blooms! But the business concept was more than successful: in the meantime, over 120 branches McFita in all major towns in Germany, Austria - and the Germans just a matter of course, on Spain&#39;s Mallorca. It employs approximately 3,000 associates and has over 800 000 customers. There is then also see the business principle of chain McFit: to 7,000 customers coming, letters and numbers 10 (ten) coach. The result of this private business entrepreneurs prefer to keep quiet, but a turnover last year amounted to more than 134 million euros. According to the tax return in 2008., Then his profit was 10.3 million euros.
 Rainer Schaller wants to expand its business - and clear to him that he needed to do good advertising. Except that it advertised for boxers Vladimir and Vitali Klitschko, right 2006th the &quot;long thought, as I said Schaller newspaper Handelsblatt last year,&quot; such that, with a relatively small budget, do something craziest we can to become famous. &quot; I decided to take a practical manifestation of the Loveparade. Is it too much saving and organizer? Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Love Parade was founded in Berlin - but this city is often maćehinski behaved towards this event. The &quot;biggest party in the world in these years passed through the crisis of a different kind. Almost spontaneously originated in Berlin, but the Berliners have never particularly liked: thousands of young people - usually empty wallets - a little spent in Berlin and the Berlin restaurateurs, and after an indescribable noise with sound equipment was left behind the right mountain of garbage on the streets.
 Rainer Schaller and his company Lopaevent Loveparade was brought up in the Ruhr area - most populated area in Germany and near the Dutch border. Costs for McFit were indeed &quot;held within&quot; the principle of the organization Loveparade cost around three million euros, which is a very modest amount for the event, which gathers and a half million young people also reported that a number of media in the country and abroad. But this kind of reporting as it was this tragedy in Duisburg with 19 casualties and over 300 injured Schaller is no way he hoped. Even more so are very vocal criticism in the media against the organizer and his desire for profit. &quot; How I am responsible Schaller, how Lopaevent, and how the city Duisburg - it will only determine the state attorney&#39;s office. But Rainer Schaller, in any case, he complained bitterly that his company was associated with the event, which will remain in black and memorable lesson for all future concerts.
 Author: A. Subic (Der Spiegel, dpa) Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 