7th July 2005. The British capital is experiencing one of the darkest days in its long history of two thousand years. But in this time of London showed their hidden strength and unbreakable unity of its citizens. After the victims of terrorist attacks MIS to rest, the city is very fast, for some perhaps even too hard, he returned to his steady rhythm. Despite the ready, people continued to live a normal life - go to work, go out to clubs and bars, attending concerts and exhibitions and, above all, continue to use public transportation. Clockwork idea of Islamic extremists on the four explosions in the form of four beam compass ultimately claimed 52 lives, but he broke the spirit of freedom-loving and cosmopolitan London. Message Londoners after the insane terrorist attack on the subway and bus 7th July 2005. was quite clear and unequivocal: We are not afraid! On that day, four British nationals have taken to themselves the right to disagree with their government&#39;s foreign policy express the treacherous and bestial way: by activating the bombs in London&#39;s subway system - in the morning peak when trains were crowded with people who go to work.
 Finally, the tragic balance was fifty-two dead and more than seven hundred wounded. What this event provides a particularly bitter tone is the fact that the perpetrators of this horrific crime squad, all born on British soil and that they were descendants of the family, some of which live in Britain for several generations. Three terrorists of Pakistani origin, one afrokaripskog, and it is significant that all the adults in the wider area of Leeds. The two were married, and the oldest thirty Mohammad Sidique Khan, was the father of a two-year child. Also, Khan studied at the University of Leeds, and was employed at Hillside Primary School as a counselor at socializing children of immigrants. It is somewhat unclear what the four young and most promising Briton forced to turn to religious extremism and commit these horrendous acts. It is known that they have already mentioned Khan and Shehzad Tanweer end of 2004.
 conducted in Pakistan. Although listed as a reason for visits to meet with relatives, later it was learned that more than two months spent in training camp for terrorists. Also, four were strongly influenced by Islamic cleric Abdullah el-Faisal, the birth of Anglicans who later accepted Islam and changed his name, a long time in jail because of public calls for the killing of Christians, Jews, Hindus and atheists. In any case, accepted the consequences of their radicalism manifested in the worst possible way. The terrorist&#39;s plan envisaged four time-synchronized attacks in the northern, western, eastern and southern part of town, to the explosion symbolically represented the four quarters, respectively, as the perpetrators themselves claim - four rays &quot;compass&quot;. Chronology of events The seventh of July dawned partly cloudy and a bit stuffy, but optimism in the air was missing.
 It has been only five days of glorious spectacle Live 8, when the concert in Hyde Park marked the musical Twentieth-Live Aid humanitarian project. Moreover, not even 24 hours passed from the decision of the International Olympic Committee, which is a household Olympics 2012th assigned to just London. Around 07:20 that morning, a terrorist group Khan Vehicle arrived at the station lutonski (subsequent investigation was spotted on surveillance camera footage of CCTV systems), from 07:40 in moving to London by train station, King&#39;s Cross Thameslink (where he re-recorded in 08 : 26). Ten to fifteen minutes of their arrival in London, three of the four terrorists entering the subway trains, zaputivši according to their destination - the eastern, southern and western suburbs. It remains somewhat unclear why the last member of the group is not implemented their part of &quot;task&quot;. Instead he went from one line to the north, on your device detonates an hour later on the upper platform bus near Tavistock Square, but it seems according to the information that they later &quot;emerged&quot; out, the attack on the bus decided to inability to move north to the earlier train malfunction at Northern line.
 It seems that the timers on the explosive devices were adjusted to 08:50 hours, then just at the time when trains are crowded with people on their way to the workplace. Later research showed that all three crimes occurred within just fifty seconds! Site terrorist attacks in London on 7th July 2005. Click for a larger version. LEGEND: (1) Liverpool Street - Aldgate, (2) Edgware Road - Paddington, (3) King&#39;s Cross / St. Pancras - Russell Square, (4) Tavistock Square. Folder by: Faith Stojanac. The first bomb was activated at 08:50, the Circle Line train, which is eight minutes earlier went to King&#39;s Cross / St. Pancras, in a given moment, just leaving Liverpool Street station on the way to Aldgateu. After a few tens of seconds, followed by a second explosion, again on the same line, but in a westerly direction. Again, this is a train that was eight minutes before he left King&#39;s Cross / St.
 Pancras, in the time of the explosion was in a tunnel between Edgware Road and Paddington. The third is the villain of the departure of their accomplices waited for some time on the platforms King&#39;s Cross and minutes before the 08:50 train entered the Piccadilly line which is at the moment of activating the device moved away only five hundred meters in the direction of Russell Square (though it seems tough plan provided south of the city as its final target). Within a few minutes in a panic - it was obvious that the subway something happened, but it is then possible only guess what. The absence of an official report only reinforced the complete confusion. Rumors began to circulate about six explosions, probably because of the tragic events took place in a tunnel between two stations that are each separately treated as the bloody battlefield scenarios. Speculation about the current collapse, collision of trains, detonating bombs, skidding to the tracks, and even the killing that has caused a delay nalijetanje train and another in the same! Moreover, the initial police report cited how the then-unspecified accident occurred within even half an hour.
 At 09:19, the management of London Underground has declared an orange level of alert (Code Amber Alert), in whose publication all trains stop at the first stop, and began with the selective closure of railway shares. After another ten minutes (09:29), the company Metronet, normally responsible for maintaining infrastructure, subway, out in public with the news that the &quot;accident&quot; was due to some problems with power supply system. Fifteen minutes later, following a report of police in charge of traffic control systems (Transport Police) about the explosion near the station King&#39;s Cross / St. Pancras, Old Street, Russell Square and Moorgate. Chaos and uncertainty ... Unfortunately, a series of unfortunate events in that time has not yet been concluded. The last of the four terrorists known him for some reason did not set off by train to the north of the city (it is assumed that the deal planned to implement the Northern line, in which it is likely to prevent the fact that the above line has been interrupted to the north due to the earlier failure of the train) but in the meantime entered the number 30 bus that runs between Marble Arch - Hackney Wick.
 Arriving at Tavistock Square in Bloomsburyju activated an explosive device hidden in a backpack and thus concludes that the black balance horrific day, which ultimately amounted to 52 dead and more than seven hundred harder and more easily injured. It was at 09:46, less than an hour after the first three explosions. Three minutes later (09:49), the management of London Underground announces the entire underground rail network closed indefinitely. About 10 hours of London was already in complete chaos. Unconfirmed information, as well as the first unofficial reports BBC (around 10:40) only reinforce the fear and confusion - the public is published data on twenty of the dead, but no details that would refine the location of the tragic events. On the streets are literally state of siege, the police on every corner, sirens of emergency vehicles eerily howling through the panicked city, a mobile phone network for a second fall due to overloading due to numerous calls of citizens who wish to know whether their friends and relatives are safe.
 Moving the first and speculation - all the more obvious it was a terrorist act, and as potential culprits are singled out IRA, Islamists, and even local right extremists. A little after noon, the city&#39;s chief of police (Metropolitan Police), Sir Ian Blair, confirms that is indeed a terrorist attack, asking citizens to refrain from unnecessary movement of larger urban areas, and to delay the eventual trip to London, and from it . Coincidentally, it is these days in Gleneagles, Scotland, the leaders held a meeting eight most developed industrial countries (G8). Horrific news caught Prime Minister Tony Blair in the company of the most important world powers such as George W. Bush and Vladimir Putin, who were all condemned this brutal act. A little after three in the afternoon, Tony Blair returned to his office in Downing Street, a G8 conference was continued in the composition of the ragged and out of the planned economic themes, becoming a kind of international condemnation of the horror that occurred that morning in London.
 As the day progressed, the news is slowly took on more concrete contours. In the afternoon hours were known locations where the crime was committed, as well as the approximate number of killed and wounded. Spušene flags are at half mast, and the following day, 8 July, canceled all sporting, cultural and artistic events. At the stations above the tragic events of people take flowers and light candles. Interestingly, intact subway lines very quickly, the same day continued with the usual schedule, and the expected decline in interest in using this means of transport was not as rigorous as predicted. London&#39;s response: We are not afraid Obviously the citizens understand the correct way to fight the evil imposed - ignoring it. The aim of terrorists was to sow fear and destroy the routines of everyday life, but they did not succeeded. Londoners are these days stand united under the banner We are not afraid! Also, the aid world is not absent.
 Thus, for example, citizens of London sestrinjskog the city of Moscow before the British Embassy organized a candlelight vigil. The sad irony of fate, it will be the Moscow subway in spring 2010. become the scene of a similar scenario jezivog, also directed by Islamist extremists. In one of the darkest moments in the history of London showed the hidden power and unbreakable unity of its citizens. After the victim MIS to rest, the city is very fast, for some perhaps too hard, he returned to his steady rhythm. Ready is a hidden grudge, people continued to live a normal life - go to work, go out to clubs and bars, visit concerts and exhibitions and, above all, continue to use public transportation. Clockwork idea of Islamic extremists on the four explosions in the form of four beam compass has claimed 52 lives, but he broke the spirit of freedom-loving and cosmopolitan London.
 A very long investigation in order to expose details of committed attacks, and prevent any similar moves. It was found that the terrorist acts carried out hellish devices homemade peroxide-based and approximately equal strength. Is presented and the exact number of victims by location: 26 killed in a tunnel between King&#39;s Cross / St. Pancras and Russell Square, 13 in a bus on Tavistock Square, seven between Liverpool Street and Algatea and six at the exit from Edgware Road to Paddington. The fact that the largest number of victims was established on the Piccadilly line is explained by a narrow profile of the tunnel, which has further intensified the effect of the explosion, while the area closer to the relatively broad line of burials Circle somewhat mitigate the tragedy. Exactly two weeks after the tragedy was nearly repriziran horror of &#39;Black Thursday&#39;. Around noon, 21st July, four terrorists trying to cause a deadly explosion in a train subway at station Shepherd&#39;s Bush (line Hammersmith &amp; City), Warren Street (Line Victoria) and Oval (line Northern), as well as bus number 26 which runs along the route between the station Waterloo to Hackney Wick, in a given point on the area of Shoreditch.
 Fortunately, due to the vigilance of the police and citizens, but also the incompetence of terrorists themselves, this is an attempt to pass without any civilian casualties. Caused only minimal explosion, and only one citizen, or an asthmatic, requested medical assistance due to smoke inhalation. Unfortunately, the next day is a sad event occurred when the police at Stockwell station fired the deadly shot in the dark-skinned young men who did not heed to their demands for legitimation. It turns out that this is a Brazilian Jean Charles de Mendes which permits a legal stay in the UK just expired, and is therefore trying to avoid a close encounter with the police. 3rd August the same year was re-opened stock rebuilt Piccadilly line stations between King&#39;s Cross / St. Pancras and Russell Square. The entire subway system was back to full function and life resumed normal pace. True, perhaps with a little more caution and suspicion, but the situation quickly normalized.
 Judging by the words of people who have visited London after this tragedy, the ultimate goal of criminals was not achieved. Memorial to commemorate the victims of the attacks on London, 7 July 2005, located in Hyde Park. Click on the picture for the article about the memorial. (Photo: Dario Sušanj) Unlike New York, who after the horrors of 11th September 2001. become significantly quieter and more paranoid, this city and still live to the fullest as much as 24 hours. The streets are filled with people of all nations, religions and skin colors, everyday events and exhibitions, street performers, merchants and smugglers, sadness and joy in the lives of little people, all this is London, which in the long history of not defeated any fires, floods or blitz in World war, and certainly not miserable Sowing fear zabludjelih by a few people who have ended up in his crimes and that the end does not need to hate. Yet these were people with all their weaknesses, shortcomings and erroneous assessments, which were eventually turned into monsters.
 It might therefore be unfair to mention one important detail - the 7th attacks July 2005. killed 56 people, four more than the official reports say. And at the very least, a digression. The famous British humor touched on this painful topic, his presentation is a somewhat humorous manner. Exactly two months before the fifth anniversary of the sad in movie theaters appeared Four Lions director Chris Morris in which the issue of terrorism is trying to access from the point of humor, while not giving, of course, just any excuse the perpetrators of terrible crimes, nor any justification for what they did, But just offering humor as one of mogužih response to terrorists. Why not, such is life, a little crying, a little laughter, a little nonsense, but the world goes on! Four totally incapable of &quot;hero&quot; of the film are obviously a travesty of the real actors in the attack on London 7th July, even to the extent that they are all also from Leeds, and that one is actually an Englishman who converted to Islam.
 More details in our review!
 