Question: Is it permissible to perform namaz behind those who allow music? Answer: It is not allowed to perform namaz behind such because this is mudžahir (the one who publicly expressed a sin). If this was just listening to music, it would be easier than you think says that musical instruments are allowed and how the songs are generally allowed. Therefore, there is no doubt that such mudžahir. This is the question posed respected ulema authority of Shaykh Salih bin Abdullah al-Fawzaan Fawzaan. It is not necessary to explain who they are, because we all know well the work and activities of this great and renowned Islamic scholar. However, it is strange how some people in the territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina publicly and openly speak to them, the scholar like his father and how do they so much love and respect that it is almost impossible to express in words, while, on the other hand, this fatwa his throw him straight in the face simultaneously šamarajući themselves with their spiritual paralysis.
 They are affected by moral disability that deprives them everyday reasoning power and common understanding of certain issues which are of very great importance to the Ummah. Attacking opponents to criticize them for how they refer to the scholars of whom later &quot;reject&quot; certain attitudes in the fight against their opponents are well aware of the authority of the scholars who use them such as &quot;grandma&quot;! However, it seems that &quot;Baba&quot; is not good enough vaspitao his &quot;baby&quot; to him as a boy in puberty, it loutish behind his back, tongue out and makes fun of his words. How and when should one side attacks justified the existence sunetskih mosques and their occurrence in the field of Islamic missionary called novelty and the people who take care of those mosques branded as &quot;potential carriers tekfirske ideology! Sunetski mosque there for a boycott of religious institutions to the Sunnah of Muhammad, Salalah alaihi selem, and no one can deny, except those who still live in hope that they would applaud someone for their methodology and practice of the faith that they will finally realize the desire to finally &quot;drawn&quot; to the people under the skin and that they will just be witnesses to the people in the crowds and large groups of obedience to Allah accept! Sick is the claim when some people are calling on the authority of the religious community in which, in his opinion, must take the approval for the existence of a religious facility and something like that.
 So, here we do not want to discuss the statements of some people because we do not like to rivalries with those we consider to be Muslims and we do not want that the fire division of pouring more oil. We believe in giving them, because they see that it goes from hand. But we must warn the problematic understanding of sharia and fikhskih texts from which scholars draw such conclusions as we novatores and novatores to truly represent the religious authority from whom we should learn their religion and from whom we seek permission to spread the word of Allah among the people. How is it possible to transform the attitude of the Salaf zastranjeno opinion, and that the fatwa by some scholars into a &quot;relevant evidence of sharia&quot;? When talking about the need to boycott innovations and those that defend all available means, that we are invited to the practice of the Salaf and nothing more. However, when we want to impose epithet novatores because apparently separate from the masses to be attributed to Islam, then it is conclusive proof of this attitude of a scholar who was born 1320 years.
 generation after the Companions. It&#39;s strange logic! Yet, we say that respect for the scholars of religious obligation and we must obey them in matters of faith when their views are in accordance with the Sunnah of Muhammad, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam. However, blindly following the scholars of the thing prohibited in Islam, and yet it is symptomatic of this disease has killed no one other than those people who are calling for consistently following the Sunnah! So, when sunetski mosque began performing the necessary functions of the Islamic and when we point to the need for failure to spread beyond the people to whom music is an inseparable part of the populist and &quot;religious&quot; tradition, there was this &quot;doomsday&quot; for all the preachers who called for the boycott joint performance of religious ceremonies in mosques behind these imams. He immediately dropped charges: you carry concealed tekfirske ideology and you fail to Muslim Jama&#39;at! Just to mention that I am not defending the person whose name some people keep repeating a negative connotation, but defend the validity sunetskih masjid! While on the one hand some of the Bosnian preachers call into full obedience to an eminent scholar, the sheikh of Al-Fawzaan, on the other hand, the fatwa of his &quot;babe&quot; El-Fawzaan no weight and value when the scholar condemns those who allow the public to listen to music while people are valid that the leaders of the religious ceremonies in mosques, religious institutions of the state.
 The fatwa, which was released to the public by none other than Sheikh Al-Fawzaan is neither more nor less, inciting mischief and sowing unrest among Muslims! It is breaking the harmony and unity among the Muslims! As a not prohibit the performance of prayers behind the Bosnian imams who voluptuously enjoying the music with them and the main figures of religious institutions when jointly share the terrible experience of the musical evenings ilahija spiritual songs! As someone not even think when dulcet tone of the violin gently penetrates the mouth and intoxicates them heat experienced ecstasy and &quot;soul&quot; of harmony with the quiet and spiritual repetition: Allah, Allah, Allah! Only a real radical extremists tend to covert tekfiru can claim that praying behind the imam of such prohibited Eh, all this would be referred to the respective preachers said it was told some of us, but what will now tell his &quot;cats&quot;? In order to justify his position, &quot;babe&quot; who is just now found to say that even in the dream was not allowed to even think let alone say! &quot;Baba&quot; as the &quot;hidden tekfirovcima&quot; gave us the material to remind your fatwas? What do we do now? Masjid al-Dirar or mosque that was built with the aim of destroying the strength and homogeneity of the Muslim community she mosques that are hidden behind a dirty intentions of enemies of Islam who carry in their hearts and tongues utter disbelief iman.
 When one of the scholars and Shaykh al-Fawzaan, &quot;babo&quot; concerned preachers defended such a masjid? However, we see and hear how this respected and esteemed sheikh who is still in front of Allah just an ordinary man, we see that it only confirms the need for separation of novatores and their novelty. How is it possible to sunetski masjid set the level of the Masjid al-Dirar? We want to believe that this unfortunate claim of some people only a result of their inexperience and ignorance of this monthly. The inexperience of the Dawa man can cost very expensive. Inexperience, it can turn into an unstable personality that threatens their performances power and unity of Islamic society. The definition of inexperience is the inability of understanding of Islamic knowledge and the impossibility of accepting the challenge before which a person stands and why he does not know how to set up in a given state and its actions will cause chaos and unrest in the ranks of the slaves of Allah and will be deeply convinced that it makes good work.
 It&#39;s a real irony of destruction in his right mind. The Lord Almighty says: &quot;Allah commands you to the responsible services to those who entrust them worthy when people judge a fair judge. Indeed Allah is wonderful advice! Indeed Allah hears and sees all. &quot;[1] Thus, the verse clearly shows that the responsible authorities should be entrusted to people who are worthy to fulfill them. Emanet be entrusted to a man who is really expert in the field in which he is entrusted with responsibility, however, primarily it must be proven believer who truly excels in the good works of general benefit of the Muslim community, or even at the very least, to be useful community in which they live and work and not to speculate what is right and wrong. Man can not and should not talk about things that do not understand. It is forbidden in Islam. What does it say about preachers who call Sunnah of the Prophet, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam, and insults and belittles the work and activities of those who recreate that same Sunnah? This is not some silly and serious philosophy.
 Islam is an easy and simple. So much ... Prepared by: Musleh Emin Audio clip: [1] Quran, En-Nisa/58 Newer news items: Older news items:&gt;
 