Generally speaking, everything has advantages and disadvantages. It can be said when talking about countries and their cultures. My homeland, Japan, is so far from Azerbaijan, and not only geographically but also psychologically. However, despite the distance, I was surprised to find much in common between the two countries. In any case, I would like to be humble here and mention the good sides and bad sides of Azerbaijan in Japan. The biggest reason I am happy to stay here is a delicious vegetable and fruit. They are mostly organic and natural. That is why it never happens that we see such products in stores that are not harvested in the current season. In Japan, people say it is very convenient for us to shop for any food, despite the season, but I think it&#39;s not natural to do so. Also, people in Azerbaijan, always try to be nice olderly and the ladies. Every time I get on the bus, I can see some young men offering their seats for them.
 It was really gentlemanly way. Unfortunately, this can not be seen so often in Japan. You might want to read about Japan now. Of course, Japan is a great place with high-tech devices, well-organized hospitality and high service levels. Most people have no difficulty in living in Japan. However, Japan is so convenient and comfortable country, I sometimes worry that people who live there may be too spoiled by many kinds of equipment for maintenance and to grow more dissatisfied with great advantages over their lives. I think that we Japanese might be able to learn something from Azerbaijan&#39;s way of life. Well, the problem was a &quot;relative&quot; may. The country will be a comparison of people and countries like Azerbaijan Azerbaijan, I decided to compare the Japanese and the country Azerbaijan. Well, I wonder if the efforts of Azerbaijan was also too ill to write, where I organized the mysterious bad place to write a good place in Azerbaijan and Japan.
 And so, while hesitating, he wrote, in paragraph 2, &quot;Japan and Azerbaijan have many similarities,&quot; I write and look at paragraph 3 &#39;It&#39; is the word owes straight. From a bad example, not everyone is so imitated. Incidentally, this &#39;It&#39; I really feel that Sugi Teru use. Japanese &quot;now&quot; or &quot;Well,&quot; I take from the mouth of the exchange, which is a kind Oh, I still think. Oh, well, you&#39;re still even in grammar and vocabulary, of course, feel bitter and writing in English conversation is translated from the artifacts of Japanese sentences. Although I wish I could say that I do not like this, I&#39;ll be there, and we just carelessly translated. I study English as a way, movies and novels as possible, blogs, chat, etc. &quot;Well, I say to you this way&quot;, a phrase to remember is that I was impressed. I digress. Well, I&#39;m in Azerbaijan have been written for me here is close to include organic fruits and vegetables as possible.
 Azerbaijan is also an amazing agricultural country. I just spread a lot of arid steppe climate-specific, it will only produce a variety of green crops, fruits and vegetables, where to take really good. However, in supermarkets and shops are managed appropriately so, what is often damaged. It is not only tricky, but it is more natural and I try to think about it. will include natural colors or preservatives can be easily broken or damaged. Sorting talk with my own eyes those things that feel like a very important position. Meanwhile, in Azerbaijan, where I saw some interesting sights. Scene peddle farm products directly from producers in the region. Fresh from the still very fresh, clean vegetables and fruits are seen. Melon summer and autumn will be serving apple, can be seen at the time, in the backseat of cars in Russia from the old Soviet era, a lot of watermelon and apples are put behind the trunk and vendors peddle people.
 I asked some people, they come to Baku to peddle the end of the harvest to their feet, to sleep in the car as it seems to sell everything. When I arrived in Baku, you are lucky and can see them on stage. Somehow, seeing a car full of apples, from the looks happy. Well, I can not have a chance to return to Japan once a year in Japan at the same time and really feel and I wish that the earth is really useful previously excessive slightly different services enjoyed unconsciously can feel. However, even an obsession of people accustomed to excessive service, as a matter of course, and it will be too much to ask for more services. I can not get or have gotten emotionally attached to others, or worse will result in a somewhat cavalier attitude to take. For me, living in countries without such services, especially as it is also a little smile of greeting, there is a nice restaurant, I would think (laughs). &quot;Just enough to know the department&quot; in practice it is still hard for me to live in the country, can now look like this, I think it would be good for me.
 Azerbaijan is a country with many different problems, but you also learn so well on their way to Japan. Thought, like a good country, that country may well not bad actually. Read more ... Read more ...
 