To encourage competitiveness in agriculture, instead of 3.2 billion this year, the farmer can allocate only 2.19 billion. Therefore, the most honest to agricultural support linear cut down, and that all receive 60 percent of the current amount, said Minister Petar Cobankovic at a meeting with leaders of the roof of agricultural associations and the Croatian Agricultural Association. However, taking into account the difficult situation in the dairy industry and the extremely low purchase price and the European bourses, the proposal is to milkmen giving the milk to pay one hundred percent the amount. &quot;The cruel reality is such. These are our options, this is what the state budget allocation. &quot;Admitted Cobankovic. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Small grants to farmers - Petar Cobankovic Despite the fact that milkmen remained the same incentives, the ones for Monday, the 1st
 March, announcing a new tractor protest in Zagreb. Dairy farmers are looking for, &quot;said federation president Igor Rešetar their associations, the total price of milk premium is 3.91 dollar per liter, making it the end of 2009. calculate the working group of experts, in accordance with the cost and expenses. Dairy industry, moving, and farmers? The dairy, cocoa said Resetar, Monday, at eight in the morning from all parts of the Croatian tractors go to Zagreb. And the Ministry of Agriculture to try to obtain the desired purchase price per liter of milk. President Laszlo Varga from the Association of farmers of Slavonia and Baranja, said the farmers about their actions probably decide on Saturday. &quot;Are we going to protest, or we will still try to find agreement with the government,&quot; said Varga. And the President of the Croatian Agricultural Association Darko Grivičić believes that the announcement of a reduction of incentives put the village on his knees.
 Some farmers claim that something like this could have been expected, a minister retorts that he can not give what is not. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: A village on the knees? Deadlines for payment in March and April should be paid incentives for spring sowing, and all rights on the basis of plant production, then the incentives for milk, and in May would have to take payments for livestock production. By the end of this week should be paid about 150 million investment to support capital investments, and all the backlog from 2008. and a good part of the requirements from January 2009. said Cobankovic. Minister to justify the claims that are giving support to increase the competitiveness of agriculture, not the debtor-creditor relationship, or the right which is acquired on the sale of goods, works done and the like. The peasants of hectares sown with wheat receiving 900 kuna incentives, which, for example, 200 hectares, 180 thousand.
 Author: Gordana Simonovic Re. eds: Z. Arbutina
 