The shock of Irish citizens was surely great. Specifically, the Irish government was planning to government deficit amounting to 11.6 percent, but now things have changed. For Ireland to the state budget set aside more money to rescue its banks than it originally planned. Bank Anglo Irish Bank will be at least six, and Allied Irish Bank three billion euros in financial assistance. Therefore, the government dramatically increased its outlook on the government deficit. The new debt this year will amount to 32 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) - ten times more than the permitted pact of stability of the euro, limiting the budget deficit to no more than three percent of GDP. &quot;The financial situation is very serious, but I am confident that it can prevent the state bankrupt,&quot; said Nessa Childers from the Irish Labour Party. However, Ireland is in a better position than Greece. Already 2008th Irish government first introduced austerity measures, reduced child allowances and social benefits, as well as the salary of employees in the public sector (14 percent).
 But citizens must now prepare for the new austerity measures. In November, however, the government intends to table to put your plan in explaining the way to 2014. intends to reduce the government deficit below the permitted limit of three percent. Marian Harkin, European parliamentarians, believes that her country in the next ten years will be subject to strict austerity measures. &quot;Special attention will be podođeni poorer strata of society,&quot; she said, adding: &quot;I believe that the austerity measures to save the country from bankruptcy, but at the same time we will no longer have control over the destiny of our country, because success depends on the economy.&quot; Government in Ireland certainly can not count on its citizens. Because, according to the Irish Times newspaper, 61 percent of the population of Ireland now wishes to Prime Minister Brian Cowen and before the regular election 2012th resign. Harkin said that the citizens of Ireland is currently in a state of shock. &quot; &quot;We all know that will happen, but everyone is also hoped that by then there would be,&quot; she says.
 And while people regain their confidence in the Irish politicians, it could take several years.
 