Fitness and training became part of our lives more and more, whether it is a walk in the park or 90 minutes of endurance running, fitness is an essential part of our life and our common life. However, studies show that an average of 4 out of every 10 people over the age of 50 involved in absolutely no exercise what so ever. This is a very high percentage of people do not participate, given the importance of exercise and its benefits. Mostly the reason for this is because older people feel that exercise is not so important in his later years, as it was when they were younger. But it is quite the opposite way round. The older we get more exercise we need as we become more susceptible to diseases such as osteoporosis and heart disease among other diseases. Exercise helps in the fight against these diseases after the approval of your doctor. Studies also show that older people have the same ability as younger people to increase their stamina and strength.
 In another study showed that the hearts of male athletes aged 50-70 years was just as powerful as the twenty year old. A new study done by Charles Harlequin on 80-year-old man show that he has improved his strength up to 300%. Exercising in your later life also makes it easier tasks at home. You can get exercise with a work at home, even if it is a task, such as gardening, and will help to improve their fitness levels. Through strength training will increase your heart and will respond better during the physical and emotional stress. Exercise will also help reduce blood pressure, cholesterol levels and help fight against type two diabetes. The total workout is a great benefit for your health and lifestyle. If you want to live a long and active life exercise is the way to go. IMPORTANT: This is a machine translated page which is provided &quot;as is&quot; without warranty. Machine Translation May be difficult to understand.
 Please refer to original English article whenever possible. Tags: Physical Fitness, Fitness, Exercise, Motivation, Wellness, Old Age Next Article »0 Comments Post Comment
 