Does Jesus have anything to do with premlaæivanjem gay? friends and readers. kršæani its moral teachings are based on Publish. Jesus Christ brought to this land laws under which people will be, whatever they wish, be able to save. God is possible to save people and other religions in ways known to him. However, the fullness is still in kršæanstvu because it is Christ himself clearly naznaèio and left the Church in Heritage. Jesus calls sinners life and allows them to get back into the lap of his love. This is the process of Jesus&#39; love that lasts as long as we breathe. Incredible, but true. Jesus, in fact, never gives up. Unlike us humans (kršæana). kršæanstvo requires trust in Jesus. It even means that in some things where you&#39;re not quite sure what èiniti - Indulge yourself in the hands of the Lord. Old Testament like Abraham, like our Mary, like many sons and daughters of the saints throughout the history of how the human race, and the Church itself.
 Therefore, we do not put our morality in the dimension of humanity and whether we really something a sin or not, we already kršæani our moral teaching is based in the dimension of Jesus Christ and his word, and the church that truly keeps the teachings of Jesus. I, believe that God knows best, as a young athlete believes that weight training, which he imposed a coach makes sense, even when just at that moment torture in the hall or in the woods during the cherry does not seem just too much joy. Scripture is clear as the morning light. homosexual sex is a sin. no state as such, but rather sex as such. More Old Testament describes the celestial angels retaliation against the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah. The first chapter of Romans clearly describes the sin of homosexual sex. Also, Scripture speaks about this dimension of sin in 1 Corinthians 6.9 to 10 or in 1time 1.10 to 11 about the immorality as such. The Old Testament was a difficult vow. Let us remember the commandments of Moses and Jesus.
 When Jesus tells his disciples that Moses allowed having more women because their hearts were hard, but with him (Jesus) now apply the new rules. She came to fullness. God Himself became incarnate in a man to become a true man and true God, we are equal in everything except in sin, to redeem man and this world. Jesus comes to people no longer roam. Jesus brings eternal life. Jesus wins death. I might even say. The penalty for sin in the Old Testament was death. Because this man has already died for eternity and hard griješeæi odbijajuæi life and salvation. Loose živeæi, ubijajuæi other odbijajuæi God has already died and before his death. Jesus, however, comes the wounded. He says healthy do not need doctors. Jesus came to save everyone who believes, everyone who wants, as Scripture says. Jesus comes and brings the fullness - Love itself. Changes everything through the prism of love. Sinners only changes with love. No sword. No šaketanja.
 No murders as in the Old Testament - it is now come to the God who has revealed himself through his utter love. This is a responsible and demanding love love, but love. No cherry in the streets and breaking various bones. Jesus is said to make death a serious news. Nor is he to make a dangerous or terrible news. Jesus says that brings good news. The Gospel is the Good News of salvation, however. In the gospel there is room for reproof, for fraternal warning to sin, there is room for an attempt osviještenja, but there is no place for hatred, there is no place for šaketanje, there is no place for breaking the heads or do not let God - to murder. Even that it&#39;s largest and the sinner, those who love Jesus and who dare to call his disciples, èiniti not harm anyone. Nobody. No matter if that someone were to propagate èinjenje sin. The letter clearly states that Jesus does not love the language, already works (cf. 1 Jn 3.18). Therefore surprising that even a son of Christ dare extend šaketanje anyone.
 For the same letter in which they pledge says no one can say that love God whom he has not seen and hate your brother whom he has seen. He who loves God, to love his brother (cf. 1 Jn 3.20) Our brothers, however, teaches us that Christ, all people on this Earth. For every man under the sky equal in the eyes of the Creator. Arguing makes the messy inside. Close sexuality gift of life, not resulting from sexual and èuvstvene komplemetarnosti (CCC 2357). Catholic Church however, clearly teaches its followers how to homosexuals should be treated with respect and suosjeæajnošæu. The Catechism says that there are such persons who cultivate a feeling the same sex. As often, unfortunately, they themselves suffer much, and how we relate to them the full respect and love. (CCC 1951-1958, 1075-1976). But we as believers and as naslijedovatelji Jesus we can not accept sin. So, my man, love, and reject sin.
 So for gay men. Not because it said a Pope who has decided that after I walked through the Vatican gardens, not because it is some of the cardinals came to mind, but rather our attitude-such a doctrine because it is the attitude of Jesus and because it is the attitude of Scripture which clearly speaks of the above. Like asking it or not, it is our position. We live in a democracy. This implies that we as believers have a fundamental right to proclaim their faith, to live and others to testify the truth of Jesus Christ. On the other hand, we will not allow us any more ever again and try to take away that right, but we ourselves, and allow others to live the freedom that they themselves decide. Because, as Ecclesiastes says, God has given us freedom in our hands to face trial so be it. We ourselves are krojaèi his life. Their fate. Scripture says that God puts before us a blessing and a curse. Life and death. Constantly invites us to choose life.
 However, for ourselves, that decides what we want. And where we go. We order and freedom, and because we were all for freedom Christ freed, according to Scripture, which is why we should not deprive anyone the right to freedom. We must cry out loud to do away with sin, but freedom should not take anyone. Finally. Some would seem wise to become aware that there are priests of the Old Law, but rather the sons of Jesus Christ. Holy Apostolic Catholic priests, a church. And as such, do not have to bother people with his private thoughts, but to have a duty to transmit the doctrine of Christ who keeps his Church. The fullness of Jesus came. And some would rather return to Moses. (P) remain with Christ! MM
 