Author: Goran Andrijanić Published: 22.11.2010 On the question of relations between the Catholic Church toward the use of condoms but also hotly debated during the pontificate of this pope ZAGREB - The statement of Pope Benedict XVI on how the use of condoms during sexual activity is morally permissible in individual cases as a method of preventing disease The first is an open statement of the Pope on this subject and as such has its own weight, but not a radical shift of the Catholic Church on this sensitive issue, as some want to portray, because such an opinion in it already could be heard. RELATED NEWS News Expert opinion the Pope four years ago sought the expert opinion of the Pontifical Council for Health Pastoral Care staff, which was then presided in the meantime retired Mexican Cardinal Javier Lozano Barragan, about whether the cases of people infected with HIV to justify the use of condoms as a means contagion.
 Inoslav Besker: Pope Sućutnog people will now be easier to love the conclusion of a special report of the Council, which in their paper consulted many medical and theological experts, was that the use of condoms in cases, for example, married couples where one partner is infected &quot;morally permissible&quot; and by a simple ethical principle of lesser evil. Then the conclusions of the Pontifical Council for which the moral permissibility of the use of condoms is limited to those cases where their purpose is to prevent disease, rather than conception, the Holy See is not used to create an official church doctrine on the issue, but as some analysts argue, it has become clear that Papa was already the 2006th formed about its stance that is now publicly presented. Tails from Africa also, a series of high-ranking clergy and theologians, but even before the conclusion of the Pontifical Council on the issue of condoms taken a similar view.
 On the question of relations between the Catholic Church toward the use of condoms but hotly debated by the public during the pontificate of this pope, in March last year when Pope Benedict XVI from his plane which was flying the apostolic trip to Africa said that &quot;the AIDS epidemic can not prevent razdavanjem condoms, but that it can replicate the problems. &quot; His former statement provoked the indignation of the public, and these latest days of the book &quot;Light of the World&quot;, which will be published next day in Croatia, in the home edition Verbum on the same day as the rest of the world, are actually a reaction to the interpretation of his words. The Pope is German journalist Peter Seewald explained that the time was &quot;provoked&quot; the reporter&#39;s question and that simply wanted to clarify that any strategy against AIDS, which is based solely on the sharing of condoms can not be successful, with which it agrees to a series of secular health professionals.
 The moral justification According to John Allen Jr., renowned vatikanolog and Vatican correspondent for National Catholic Reporter, the Pope has so far hesitated to clearly express their opinions in part because the Roman clergy there fear that his statements about &quot;moral justification of condoms in certain cases&quot; were interpreted as a relativization of the present ecclesial attitudes towards the use of contraceptives. Many in fact fail to mention that the Pope is in the book again stressed loyalty to that teachings of the Catholic Church, which has since 1964. the encyclical Humanae Vitae Pope Paul VI. condemns all contraceptives as a method of family planning. There are certainly, as far as the Pope and the ecclesiastical point of view, nothing would change. Papa stores and the official teachings on sexual protection is still 1986th French Bishops &#39;Conference spoke in this way in this matter, and the like has made the German Bishops&#39; Conference 1993rd, leaving such matters to &quot;personal conscience of the faithful.&quot;
 Now many analysts agree that it may be a signal that the Vatican is seriously considering to declare an official doctrine on this issue, which is all the more inclined to Benedict XVI. &quot;A large number of theologians and prelates have occupied this position. However, it has never been imposed in such a direct way from the mouth of the Pope, &quot;said a spokesman for the Holy See. Number of recommendations: 0 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 