&quot;The effort to build a multicultural society in Germany can backfire, completely failed. In the past, we too were looking for though is actually a requirement that immigrants learn better German language, so that the labor market had more chances, was entirely correct and justified&quot;, said German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the Congress of Youth Union in Potsdam. She stressed that while forced marriage is not acceptable as such can not accept a practice that girls from families with a migrant background are not to go on school trips. &quot;In the future we must try harder about faster prosecution of crimes as well as the more we must not allow that in some cities there are parts in which the police do not dare to go and intervene,&quot; Merkel concluded. &quot;We are not a social institution for the entire world,&quot; German Chancellor is set in Potsdam used to defend the recent statement by German President Christian Wulf, who said that &quot;Islam is part of Germany&quot; and that has sparked strong reactions of some members of the Union.
 &quot;Islam is part of German society, not only shows an example of players Mesut Ozil&quot;, stressed Chancellor only days after Democrats Regional Conference in Berlin, where he said that &quot;German society based on Christian world view and man and that&#39;s what what makes us ourselves. Who is not able to accept, it has no place here. &quot; Bildunterschrift: Horst Seehofer Chancellor agreed and Bavarian Prime Minister and Head of CSU, Horst Seehofer. At the meeting on Youth Union and, in fact, stressed the importance of integration of each in this regard called on foreigners living in Germany. &quot;Those who live here must respect our culture and etiquette in this country,&quot; Seehofer said, adding that integration, in his opinion, it means respect for Christian values, education and so-called samointegracija that comes from personal effort. &quot;Without knowledge of German is not possible.
 We can not be some kind of social institution for the entire world, &quot;said the president of the Bavarian CSU, and added a&quot; multi-cult is just a dead letter. &quot; Appeal to the Turkish President to the debate about the integration stepped up and Minister of Education Annette Schavan. It was the newspaper Neue Zeitung Osnabrücker &quot;said she to her opinion,&quot; of course the German language should talk to school yards and not just during class, to come up with language learning should start even earlier and that they needed more intensive contacts between schools and parents if necessary and with the help of social workers. &quot;&quot; We must achieve that every child can attend classes immediately, from the very beginning of schooling, &quot;she stressed Schavan. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Turkish President Abdullah Gul agreed with her, even ii Turkish President Abdullah Gul. He is in fact the German weekly newspaper &quot;Süddeutsche Zeitung&quot; said integration is important and urged the Turks in Germany to start with better integration and learning the German language.
 &quot;You learn and learn to speak German without accents. Does not help anyone if you do not know and do not speak the language of the country where you live. A learning should start early, even at preschool age, &quot;said Gul. Author: Zeljko Telišman (dpa, AFP, RTR, ms) Odg.ur.: D. Dragojevic
 