Is at least one who put this altogether read not to drop someone translate this dzaba or just copy and pejstao and said bokte Fuck this looks like a report of a Communist Party meeting on animal husbandry in the Southwest Province :-) Anonymous 12 / 4 / 10 17:37 thrice. Anonymous 13/4/10 21:29 they all will fall. only a matter of time. Anonymous 13/4/10 22:49 milenarizam still echoing corridors of philosophical ... Millenarian groups claim that the current society and its rulers are corrupt, unjust, or otherwise wrong. They therefore believe they will be destroyed soon by a powerful force. The harmful nature of the status quo is always considered intractable without the anticipated dramatic change. In the modern world economic rules or vast conspiracies are seen as generating oppression. Only dramatic change will change the world and change will be brought about, or survived, by a group of devout and dedicated.
 In most millenarian scenarios, the disaster or battle to come will be followed by a new, purified world in Which the true believers will be rewarded. While many Millennial groups are pacifist, millenarian beliefs have been claimed as causes for people to ignore conventional rules of behavior, Which can result in violence directed Inwards (such as mass suicides) and / or outwards (such as terrorist acts). It sometimes includes a belief in supernatural powers or predetermined victory. In some cases, millenarians withdraw from society to await the intervention of God or another Metaphysical force. Millenarian ideologies or religious sects sometimes appear in oppressed peoples, with prominent examples the 19th Century Ghost Dance movement, and the 19th and 20th Century Cargo Cults. Post a comment if you comment as an unregistered user, please select the option &quot;NAME / URL&quot; and enter a name, the URL can be left blank.
 User comments can be registered here. General instructions and guidelines related to commenting on the page Free Philosophy and rules to delete comments can be found here. The views expressed in the comments are statements of individuals and do not reflect the official views of the editorial page or a plenum FFZG. The comments are allowed HTML tags, and.
 