Bookmakers and casinos are opened in the vicinity of schools and students, when they come to school or returning home, increasingly attracts to try his luck, as they pulled into the gambling circles. &quot;Units for Real Madrid, Lazio pure deuce. Who could win the basketball game NBA? Who are the favorites for Best Song &quot;Contest&quot; in which I could place a bet? Who will take the title of champion hockey? &quot;- All these are the daily thoughts that preoccupy young Mostarac MI (full name known to the author). Although not yet an adult, every day in betting and gambling parlors, which is in Mostar, as well as other cities in Bosnia and Herzegovina, all over. &quot;I started with 14 years to go in the betting with their older peers. Also, regularly buy cards for various games of chance,&quot; says this young man. &quot;If it passes, and that does not taste as good luck, I feel bad, &quot;he says. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Hussein Oručević In Mostar salons gambling allegations to play people from all generations, and that each shop has its regular customers.
 Due to the global economic crisis, which led to the operations of many companies and caused a sharp decline in living standards and increased the number of unemployed, work in betting flourished. Dream of those who bet a few years ago made a 53-year-old Ševko Fejzić. &quot;2001. I paid the ticket of 2 km, and has 10 000 KM, &quot;says Fejzic. But it was short-lived, &quot;he said, adding that all that money ended up back in the betting. Bildunterschrift: The Republic of Serbian 587 betting there are no real values Oručević Hussein, a political scientist and former head of the Youth Cultural Centre in Mostar Abrašević emphasizes that the issue of gambling is a serious problem in BiH. &quot;Money has become something we all trust. We were not genuine, charismatic, powerful political personality that would bring people into a state of political security. Others have no religious authority.
 The man has lost his faith and the only thing he has left is faith and hope in money, &quot;says Orucevic. &quot;The greater the crisis and people have less money, the more they spend in the betting and the lottery. There are people who come here regularly for ten years, mainly to those with lower incomes, while richer people are less frequent visitors. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Sometimes I wonder where they got that money to constantly come, &quot;says one worker Mostar bookmakers. &quot;They come to us men of 20-70 years. Most are betting on football, so the betting is the most visited during the Champions League, or some other nogomertnih championships, although there are those who bet on other sports,&quot; the bookmaker. They emphasize that happens to most high school students on aids spend pocket money or that their parents are made to pay the bills. &quot;It happens to young men who did not lose their money, and then offer the other guests a mobile phone, jewelry or something for small money, only to settle the debt,&quot; says employee of the salon gaming.
 On the next page as gambling addictions
 