Photo: AFP In the last decade the personification of hard and Furious &quot;fighting terrorism&quot; was former U.S. President George Bush. It was after the attack on the U.S. soil went into two wars, one in Afghanistan and Iraq, and pulled behind and allies who have become OMRA ¾ eni mainly in the Muslim world was attacked. A year and ten months on the forehead najmoænije countries came &quot;ljevièarski&quot; black president, and Barack Obama of which would be expected to start &quot;fighting terrorism&quot; take a little &quot;softer&quot; means the tact is more enemies. Expecting that this new tactic will poluèiti results, but just looking at the past two weeks, it may be concluded that the terrorists in the world stronger than ever. The first is &quot;the world&#39;s No. 1 criminals&quot; and the leader of al-Qaeda, who allegedly attacked the &quot;Twin Towers&quot;, anticipating the war if the French do not withdraw their troops from Afghanistan and do not lift the ban on wearing the burqa on the streets.
 &quot;He who kills will be killed,&quot; he said in his message to Osama bin Laden. As his successor this week indicated the Saudi Ibrahim Hassan al-Asiri, who is prime suspect in last week&#39;s attempted attack on the United States. New Osama bin Laden named Ibrahim al-Asiri? The cargo aircraft in the UK and Dubai have been found explosive devices that contain an Avala dreams ¾ plastic explosives PETN and which was allegedly made by al-Asiri. The final destination of bombs hidden in the color printer was the United States, more precisely, a synagogue in Chicago. Intelligence agents in many countries, primarily Great Britain and the United States, this time they did their job well and prevent the attacks launched by al-Qaeda branch, located in Yemen. Al-Asiri was mentioned as the maker of the bombs that were supposed to last year at Bo ¾ iæ explode in an airplane over Detroit. This time the attack failed, but the very attempt is a sign that terrorists are not afraid to re-select their targets in the United States and that they are not afraid of Barack Obama.
 Who is to blame for 32 injuries in Istanbul? More dangerous terrorist attack this weekend took place in Istanbul where the action of suicide bombers in the city center injured 32 people. Makes up the attack on Taksim Square was directed by Turkish police as a young suicide bomber tried to enter into their bus. When he got the plan failed, the bomb detonated in the street and injured 15 policemen and 17 civilians. In such attacks in Turkey, the first thought of freelance fighters and their Kurdish militant PKK, but this time you gerilici say are responsible for 32 injuries. Doubts Kurds after the fall of the radical Islamists or ljevièarske guerrillas who have performed in the past attacks in Istanbul. Either way, the terrorists are in the Turkish case showed their power. For luck, was not dead. 52 dead in church in Baghdad, however, is dead this weekend was in a church in Baghdad, the capital of Iraq. There are a mindless terrorist attack before the start a building stock that would have continued in the church which at that time held ¾ sureties Mass.
 In talaèkoj crisis action and Iraqi forces after it killed 52 people. Among those killed were a priest, seven members of the Iraqi forces, and all six attacker. Before action Iraqi security forces, otmièari the search or to release from prison, members of al-Qaida. However, these terrorist actions in Iraq are no longer the exception, rather than the rule, from the moment when George Bush from power deposed dictator Saddam Hussein. Package bomb by French President Sarkozy to the al-Qaida fighters obeyed his leader Osama bin Laden and instruction on attacking the French could be concluded when the day came the first news from Greece where they were found in packages with bombs, one of which was addressed exactly the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy. The transport is in a package bomb injured worker from the courier company. For luck, just easier. But Greece&#39;s police at first dismissed the possibility that the packets sent to al-Qaida.
 They sumnjièe their &quot;Domestic terrorists from Greece ljevièarske guerrilla groups, and the first arrests from that milieu and have already done. From this example shows that the terrorists in Greece&#39;s preparedness, and their &quot;fuel&quot; given the economic crisis that triggered a wave of strikes and protests, which have often been, and violent. Arrest in Sweden last example probuðenog global terrorism should be given a four suspects and the arrest in Sweden, who allegedly planned a bomb attack in the city Goetheborgu. Suspects are in custody due to lack of evidence stationary, released as early as Sunday afternoon. Media reports that the suspects were Palestinian born in Syria. Because of these threats bombing of the Swedish police in the city raised the alarm. Cases which I have enumerated can cause fear that the world wakes terrorism more and more violent methods of trying to influence the policies of many countries. Will the government hold states fail to resist this threat, remains to be seen.
 Share
 