Author: Tanja Rudež Posted: 21.02.2010 moderate physical activity, especially daily walking, and contributes to good mental shape as it strengthens the brain associated with memory you want to get rid of excess pounds, take 10,000 steps each day in the city, advising the scientists who are invited numerous studies on the beneficial effect of walking. RELATED NEWS News recently published study in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) shows that moderate physical activity, mainly walking every day, contribute to good mental shape as it strengthens the hippocampus, part of the brain associated with some forms of memory. And the World Health Organization (WHO) recommends half hour of walking a day as this for ten percent reduced risk of myocardial infarction. From Da Vinci to Japan, however, to calculate the final balance of your daily walk, it is necessary to use a pedometer, a small device that not only counts each step rather than bills and mileage.
 First protototip pedometer made a Renaissance scholar Leonardo da Vinci, a gadget is then perfected in France, where she was in the United States imported U.S. President Thomas Jefferson. However, the first modern pedometer appeared 1965th in Japan, called menpo-kei, which means ten thousand steps. However, in recent years pedometer are in vogue because it helps in weight loss, as demonstrated by studies published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA). The study lasted 18 weeks, and included 2767 patients, mostly women, average age 49 years. It is shown that by controlling the number of pedometer steps with the help of physical activity increased by 27 percent, or a person with this device walk 1.6 kilometers longer than without it. This, in turn, had a beneficial effect on lowering blood pressure and weight loss. Mudra small pedometer devices are available at most sporting goods stores, a stand of 50 to several hundred kuna.
 Pedometer is worn in a pocket or hooking his belt, and some sophisticated variants of gadgets comes complete with headphones, so notify the slot number of steps and kilometers traveled. Pedometer pedometer in the White House were cleared its way to the White House, the recently concluded U.S. media izvjestivši about this interesting campaign by the end of 2009. The launches Peter Orsag, director of the Office of Management and Budget in Washington (OMB). Orsag, who daily walk to and from work, encouraged their employees to use the pedometer. Campaign to improve employee health and OMB responded to two hundred people. They are the first week of the campaign have made 10 871 steps a day, and two months later, 13 000 steps a day. How Orsagovo name is mentioned among potential advisors Barack Obama, journalists have concluded that it will soon pedometer use in the White House. Recently, the U.S. first lady Michelle Obama has launched a campaign &quot;Let&#39;s move&quot; to combat obesity based on a healthier diet and physical activity.
 Number of recommendations: 20 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 