Spaniard Rafael Nadal won the Wimbledon this year after the 6:3, 7:5, 6:4 won against the Czechs Tomas Berdych in two hours and 13 minutes of play. It was his second title at the All England Club, and was the best and 2008. year. Nadal, who a month ago has reached 24 years, a triumph at Wimbledon is the eighth Grand Slam title in her career. With two Wimbledon, won another five Roland Garros and one Australian Open. Berdych, 12 holder tournament appearance in the finals at Wimbledon was the first final of a Grand Slam in his career. Czech tennis player on the way to the finals threw six times Wimbledon winner Roger Federer and third holder Novak Djokovic, but Nadal failed to confront well. The player with Real Mallorca win has brought a combination of brutal hits and pure speed. Both players held their services in the first six games in the sunny central court and the All England Club, playing without pressure.
 Španjolčevu focus is not disrupted even a male fan with a sign I love you, Rafa. In game number seven might be perceived tone in which to meet to develop, when Nadal made a breakthrough and Berdych took the service. Nadalov forehand began to eat Berdychov service, which has awakened the audience and earned him three break-balls. Berdychov forehend broke the Federer and Djokovic, but Nadal has reminded all that his forehend most lethal weapons in this duel. When a lead of 5:3 Nadal took advantage of another opportunity to break and won the first set with 6:3 for 34 minutes. Nadal saved three break-ball 12-minute in the opening match of the second set, when the wind began to interfere with both players. However much he tried, Czech Nadalov not managed to put the service under control. Forehendi who acted before they could interfere with Nadal, and in Berdychovoj game began to feel a growing frustration. This was most evident in the 12
 game of the second set, when the number of errors made Berdychovih neprisiljenih Nadal three break opportunities, and then another wrong forehand from Berdych&#39;s racket sealed his fate and gave Nadal 2-0 in sets. Tomas Berdych had a chance to become the second Czech who won Wimbledon after Jana Chodesh 1973rd, but Nadal did not allow him to. He saved three Berdych opportunities for withdrawal services at the opening of the third set. At 5:4 the Spaniard Tomas Berdych was served to stay in the match, while Nadal was felt that it shared only four points from the title and was attacked for 30:0. Although the Czech fought tie, no longer had the strength and Nadal was able to start celebrating his second Wimbledon title.
 