The strongest quake in more than 200 years struck Haiti on Tuesday, breaking tromilijunskom hospital in the capital Port-au-Prince, severely damaging the National Palace in which the seat of the President, the headquarters of the UN and many other buildings and has no rough estimates number of victims. Photo: AFP According to Jutarnji.hr, at the time of the earthquake in Haiti found a handful of Croatian citizens, and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs can not yet say the exact number. Two Croatian policemen Igor Kruljac and Tihomir Svatoš, who are on peacekeeping mission in Haiti, according to information from the MFA and are not injured, but with them it can not be contacted. It has been confirmed and that in Haiti there are two families of Croatian citizens. For a family of four was confirmed to be located in a safe in one of the wards. For another, the three-member family still does not know what was with them. Besides them, in Haiti is more Croatian citizens, but we still no official confirmation.
 Bodies on the streets of American diplomats and aid workers reported that the bodies lying on the streets and described the situation as &quot;a total disaster and chaos,&quot; a photographer, the AP reported that the Port-au-Prince &quot;was largely destroyed.&quot; UN officials have said that hours after the earthquake of Richter magnitude 7, which struck Haiti at 16.53 hours local time Tuesday, they had no information about what the large number of UN staff. The UN mission in Haiti has 9000 members. Head of the United Nations Mission in Haiti, Tunisian Hedi Annabi, probably died in the earthquake, and so all the people who were in the building of the UN, said on Wednesday, French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner. Certain countries whose troops were part of the UN mission in Haiti, the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere, also come the news of casualties, the agency reported. Communications are very disturbed, which makes it impossible to obtain a complete picture of destruction committed by the earthquake in the western hemisphere&#39;s poorest country, whose 80 percent of nine million inhabitants live in extreme poverty, with less than half the $ 400 a year.
 Karel Zelenka, a representative of Catholic Relief Services (CRS) in Port-au-Prince, said earlier American counterparts over the telephone that they probably killed thousands of people, it said a spokeswoman for CRS, Sara Fajardo. &quot;It has been reported that it was a total disaster and chaos, the dust clouds surrounding the Port-au-Prince,&quot; Fajardo said the CRS headquarters in Maryland. Reports of casualties and damages come slowly because of problems with communications, but the Brazilian General Carlos Barcellos said to have killed at least four Brazilian member of the UN peacekeeping mission in Haiti. Missing is considered a large number of Brazilian troops. The poorest country in the Western Hemisphere of the Earth is not able to respond to such a disaster because it lacked the heavy equipment to remove debris and sufficient staff in Emergency Service. &quot;I ask the world, especially the United States, to do what you have done for us 2008th
 when four hurricanes struck Haiti, &quot;he said in an interview with CNN Raymond Alcide Joseph, Haitian Ambassador in Washington.&quot; Then the U.S. sent a hospital ship on the coast of Haiti. I hope you will do it again ... and help us in a difficult situation where we are. &quot;State Department spokesman PJ Crowley said in Washington that the U.S. Embassy in Haiti left&quot; literally in the dark &quot;after the interrupted supply of electricity.&quot; They reported on the destruction of many buildings. They saw many bodies in the streets and sidewalks covered with debris. It is clear that it will be a serious loss of life, &quot;said Crowley. Alain Le Roy, head of UN peacekeeping operations in New York, said Tuesday evening that the headquarters of the UN peacekeeping mission, which has 9000 members, seriously damaged as other objects. Felix Augustin, Consul General of Haiti in New York, said that part of the National Palace collapsed.
 &quot;The building collapsed in several places,&quot; he said. &quot;Lives were lost. ... It will take at least two or three days when people find out what happens,&quot; said Augustin. An earthquake of magnitude 7 Richter, had an epicenter about 15 km west of Port-au-Prince at a depth of 8 km, according to the Geological Institute of the United States. His geophysicist Kristin Marano called it the strongest earthquake of the 1770th In the field of what is now Haiti. In 1946. earthquake magnitude 8.1 Richter struck the Dominican Republic and Haiti shook, causing a tsunami that killed 1790 people. After yesterday&#39;s earthquake was followed 13 strong tectonic shock, the strongest a magnitude 5.9 degrees. Given a warning for a tsunami, which was later revoked. (H) (JL) U.S. sends rescue teams to Haiti to the United States on Tuesday began preparing a rescue team for natural disasters that will be sent to Haiti, which is the capital of Port-au-Prince on Tuesday, hit by a devastating earthquake, a representative of the Department of State said he expects a large number of victims.
 Haitian and international officials still do not amount to estimate the number of casualties in the devastating earthquake of Richter magnitude 7, but Western representatives in Port-au-Prince say they will probably be thousands of victims. The American agency Bloomberg News in a report about thousands of missing and dead under the rubble. State Department, Agency for International Development (USAID) and the Southern Command of the Armed Forces of the United States began to coordinate a response to help Haiti. USAID said it sent a team to assess response to the disaster, and that was detonated their partners, the rescue team from Fairfax County in Virginia and the Los Angeles County. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in Honolulu, Hawaii United States to collect information on the effects of the earthquake, and that he is ready to offer full assistance, military and civilian, Haiti. Her husband, former President Bill Clinton, UN special envoy for Haiti, said in a statement that the UN is ready to &quot;do whatever it takes to help the people of Haiti in providing aid, rebuilding and recovery efforts.&quot;
 France has announced that during the day to Haiti sent two aircraft to carry aid. Canada ready to help Haiti, the Canadian government expressed its readiness to provide aid to Haiti, which is the capital of Port-au-Prince on Tuesday struck a devastating earthquake and the fears of many casualties. Prime Minister Stephen Harper said that Canada is ready to help the people of Haiti, according to Canada&#39;s CTV television on the web page. Canada is home to many Haitian community, whose members Harper expressed sympathy and support &quot;while waiting for news about the safety of their loved ones.&quot; Foreign Affairs Minister Lawrence Cannon said in Haiti has about 6,000 Canadians, and that is just waiting for the report if one of them died. The Canadian Embassy in Haiti have been evacuated out of caution, &quot;said Cannon. Canada&#39;s Governor General Michaelle Jean, who was born in Haiti, on Tuesday night issued a statement in which he expressed his concern for the earthquake victims.
 &quot;This natural disaster struck the country with an extremely fragile infrastructure, where many buildings were already unstable and living conditions are often very difficult. I fear for its people,&quot; said Jean. The Canadians are present in the stabilization mission to the UN in Haiti, which has 9000 members. The headquarters of the mission was badly damaged in the earthquake and the unknown number of UN staff has no information where they are. Among them, five Canadians. West unblock emergency assistance to earthquake-stricken Haiti Germany will immediately send aid worth one million euros for quake-stricken Haiti, and France, which fears for the 1,400 of its nationals in that country is sending two aircraft to help, while the World Bank and the United Kingdom sent experts to assess humanitarian needs , the agency reported Wednesday. An earthquake measuring 7 Richter hit Haiti on Tuesday, with the epicenter near the crowded tromilijunske capital Port-au-Prince, and caused a great disaster in the poorest American country with probably the enormous number of victims.
 The German government will unblock emergency humanitarian assistance in the amount of one million euros for victims of horrific earthquake, the ministry of Foreign Affairs and added that he would decide on additional measures. &quot;I am shocked scale disasters,&quot; quoting agency dpa minsitra Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle, who said that the government is investigating whether in Haiti and German citizens. French authorities are concerned about the fate of some 1,400 of its nationals, of whom 1200 live in the capital, but so far does not come with Hatti data on the number of victims, according to the Secretary of State for Cooperation Alain Joyandet in Paris. France today sent two planes with humanitarian aid in Port-au-Prince, and with teams trained to search the ruins, said the official, told AFP. World Bank &quot;is ready to mobilize a team to assess damage and losses and reconstruction planning. The Bank is ready to provide financial assistance,&quot; he said in a statement President Robert Zoellick and institutions.
 The World Bank has announced that its office in a suburb of the capital Port-au-Prince destroyed in the quake but that the staff survived. This is the institutions have more than 300 million U.S. dollars loan Haiti since 2005. year. Britain sends team of experts to the field to assess needs and then offer any assistance, the government said in London, according to agency dpa. UN no news about the staff agency for humanitarian assistance the UN has no news about the fate of the staff agency for humanitarian assistance for buildings located outside the headquarters of the UN mission in Haiti, which was destroyed in the powerful earthquake, the United Nations said on Wednesday in Geneva. &quot;So far no news about people in a destroyed building,&quot; said Elisabeth Byrs, spokeswoman for the Office for the Cooperation of Humanitarian Affairs UN. &quot;There are 200 to 250 persons, we do not know how many were in the building at midnight on Tuesday,&quot; she added. &quot;I think there are more people in buildings that are located across the street as the building of UNICEF and the World Food Programme (WFP),&quot; she added.
 &quot;The situation is extremely difficult,&quot; said Byrs, noting that communication is very difficult and that the information on the situation even more imprecise. Three Jordanian blue helmets from the mission to stabilize the UN in Haiti were killed and 21 injured after an earthquake that rocked the country, said Wednesday the Jordanian military source in Amman. Pope calls for generosity Benedict XVI on Wednesday called on the generosity of all about the dramatic situation in Haiti, hit by strong earthquakes. &quot;I appeal to the generosity of all our concrete solidarity and active support of the international community of brothers and sisters who live in pain and need not be scheduled,&quot; said the Pope at the end of the traditional audience at the Vatican. He pointed out that the Catholic Church immediately activate their charitable institutions to cope with the most necessary needs of the population.
 