When after the war, sought refugee status in the U.S., they lied when asked about military service and did not pay that they were soldiers of the VRS ONASA 18/08/2010. Phoenix: The city where they lived eleven criminals are war criminals and former soldiers of the Army of Republika Srpska (VRS) during the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina were sentenced in the U.S. city of Phoenix (Finiks) due to lying in order to obtain refugee status, the U.S. government announced on the website. The federal investigation of fraud in connection with refugee status ended 16 arrest of former soldiers who lived in the city of Phoenix (Finiks) in the State of Arizona They&#39;re all accused of concealing information about the service in the VRS, said in a statement the U.S. Department of Justice , published on page FBI for Phoenix. When after the war, sought refugee status in the U.S., they lied when asked about military service and did not pay that they were soldiers of the VRS, said in a statement.
 - These defendants have lied to get legal status in the United States, said Dennis K. Burke, Attorney for Arizona. - Failure to military service can not be attributed to oversight, he said, and found that it was a cunning attempt to deceive the authorities of that country because of its policy towards refugees. Individually the accused admitted that they lied about military service. Šesnaestorice five of them were deported and returned to Bosnia and Herzegovina. The remaining eleven are admitted guilt on charges of deliberately provide false statements. Of the five deported, Mladen Blagojevic, Zdravko Bozic and Goran Bencun arrested by local authorities and carried out by the Court of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Mladen Blagojevic was convicted in the court for seven years in prison for crimes against humanity, the other two were released and deported the other two were not arrested. - These men were deliberately withheld from the immigration service that they were in units that participated in the genocide in Srebrenica, and they knew that the authorities investigate this crime, said Special Agent Matt Allen.
 Posted by Haler at 20:43, 0 komentar (a), print, #
 