Afghan security forces should begin to take responsibility for security in some areas of the country this year, and the aim is to take the lead in all provinces by end of 2014., According to a final statement of the international conference in Afghanistan. The statement gives support to call Afghan President Hamid Karzai to the international community in seeking the Afghan government that operates at least 50 percent of development assistance. Donors are also told that in the next two years to work on that 80 percent of total aid to be spent on priority projects of government. NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said the international forces in Afghanistan remain after the transfer to Afghan security forces to provide them with support. He added that the transfer of security responsibilities to be gradual and will be based on objective assessments of political and security situation in the country.
 The conference was attended by delegations from more than 70 partner countries, among which the Croatian delegation led by Foreign Minister Gordan Jandrokovic. The conference was rated a great opportunity for constructive agreements on joint efforts for the future of Afghanistan. As one of the key elements of the increased engagement of Afghanistan said the transfer of security responsibilities to the Afghan security forces. He recalled that the Croatian forces from the early beginning of participating in the ISAF mission and will continue to give its contribution to the training of Afghan security forces. During his stay in Afghanistan, Minister Jandrokovic held several bilateral meetings with Afghan officials and representatives of the international community as part of the ISAF mission. Visited members of 15th Croatian military contingent in the ISAF mission, deployed in Kabul and met the director of the Chamber of Commerce in Kabul, according to Hina.
 Attacks on the eve of the conference security measures during the conference were extremely high. But despite the eve of the opening conference in Kabul occurred four attacks. Shelled the Kabul airport. Two people were killed, five wounded. Residents of Kabul were asked not to take to the streets unnecessarily. NATO reported that it had killed several militants who were planning an attack on the building of the conference. The conference takes place at a critical time for Afghanistan. NATO forces and Afghan troops entered into areas controlled by the Taliban, and these they strike.
 