Trying parallel structures Serbian State Security Service (SDB) to prevent the extradition of war criminals Veselin Vlahovic Batko thwarted by the timely diplomatic offensive BiH diplomatic and consular offices in Spain and is a monster with Grbavica last night handed the judicial authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It will be just the beginning of a long process before the Court, which will, according to our information, in every possible way to try to obstruct Vlahovic lawyers get enough time, after instructions SDB, refine tactics of defense. Key evidence SDB Serbia According to the information that we obtained, the recent verdict of the judges of the Spanish province of Alicante, which is Vlahovića for several crimes sentenced to four years in prison, was anything but accidental. Key evidence for a court ruling in Spain, according to the source, Global, submitted to the people close to the SDB of Serbia, ie individuals from the parallel structures that are known from earlier to help the fugitive ICTY fugitives.
 In this way an attempt to gain time to Vlahovic &quot;hiding&quot; in a Spanish prison to prevent his extradition to Bosnia at the moment. The story of Veselin Vlahovic called Batko and SDB actually began in the late eighties in Sarajevo. Leg, which was after the arrival of Niksic hired Veljko Cerović, owner of the cult disco FK Sarajevo, recruited employees from SDB. How to deal with boxing and is reputed to &quot;fierce guy&quot; who does not take into account anything, it is estimated that in the future could use. Criminal Vlahovic soon gained the status of a person of special trust and job security in the service of the Bristol Hotel. They say that even then performed the dirty work for SDB and that he does not murder a party. When Serbia, early 1992. year, started in open aggression against Bosnia, Vlahovic was instructed to stay in Sarajevo and is awaiting further instructions. During the blockade of the March, 1992.
 years, was seen in Grbavica, where it already had an organized group of mercenaries who are being pulled Zoran Jeftimić cents Čamur brothers, Sasha Baričanin, Branislav Gavrilovic and named &quot;Potato&quot;. Their role at the beginning of the blockade of Sarajevo was the creation of organized chaos and the killing and deportation of citizens of other nacionalnosti.ž should not forget that Vlahovic, but had not received orders from the Crisis Staffs, the police, not even the Biljana Plavsic, which was once nearly killed him in Grbavica, but Jovica Stanisic, head of SDB in Belgrade. Three counterfeit passports, however, it&#39;s not all. According to well informed sources Global, a perennial quest for Vlahovic has shown that he had no direct or indirect links with some international factors. According to the Los Angeles Times last year, Chief Vlahovićev Stanisic was a double agent of the CIA during the war in former Yugoslavia. Let&#39;s say that &quot;the lack of obvious evidence&quot; it will not connect, but the fact remains that the killers were paid during the bloody 90-these formed a solid business-mafia links with several departments and organizations.
 Therefore, should not be surprising that Veselin Vlahovic during 2001. The &quot;escaped&quot; from prison Spuž Montenegro, at the time was a danger that, under pressure from the international community and the then head of the UN Mission in BiH Jacljuesa Klein extradited to BiH. The thesis that Vlahovic, just as Milan Lukic before him, have helped people with extremely strong background, evidence of facts which are at one and the other found passports with different names. According to information from the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Spain, with Vlahovic was also found counterfeit Bulgarian passports and documents in the names of James Godec, Mijodrag Petrovic and Jan Depilj. Facsimile of an article about Stanisic from Los Angeles Times in which they claim is apparently a double agent of the CIA That was just frantic and disturbed people, as characterized by Vlahovic, participated in the &quot;action&quot; or listened to command the military and police forces in the occupied part of Sarajevo and all the atrocities committed just out of hatred towards each other and different, yet would have already served a life sentence in prison.
 But time away from Montenegro, &quot;throw&quot; to Spain, to have documents in three different names and Bulgarian passports could only person who still works or has worked for the State Security Service neighboring states. At the recent developments, it seems, no doubt. Vlahovic longer SDB can not help asking why the SDB is not resolved before an undesirable witness and whether all this means that there is a danger that someone put pressure on the Court, Global interviewee says, &quot;Or should still SDB or in some way of holding in his hand, and it therefore not yet executed. As the Court is concerned, believe me, from what I know, no najpristraniji court in the world could not rid Vlahovic. Too many witnesses, evidence, traces, and therefore there is not even a slight chance that someone put pressure on anybody. &quot;
 