Washington Museum Collection bonsai trees is invaluable. Each tree is unique, the average age is about 100 years, which means that it is worried about them for generations. A special rarity is 400 years old bonsai tree, a gift of Japan, on the occasion of the 200-anniversary of the United States. This tree survived the first atomic attack in history. Before 65 years, 6 August 1945th The Americans used the atomic bomb. Tim, the new weapons poptpuno tremendous destructive power and heat from the B-29 bomber, named &quot;Enola Gay&quot; was bombed Hiroshima. Killed thousands of Japanese-civilians. Once again the atomic bomb was bombed city of Nagasaki and Japan&#39;s military leadership has realized that he must sign a capitulation, which meant the definite end of the Second World War. After the bombing of Hiroshima, the city that was a great ruin, by chance, a small bonsai-tree remained unharmed.
 This tree is almost 35 years in Washington as a national gift to Japan. Is it a bonsai tree can talk, we could say much more. For 400 years, how old, has survived many wars .... Jack Sustic ... as well as Hiroshima, the horror when this city was thrown atomic bomb &quot;- says Jack Sustic, curator of the National Museum and penjing bonsai trees in Washington. Penjing is the Chinese name for a miniature tree, very similar to Japanese bonsaiu. Bonsai from Hiroshima, together with 53 other trees, was transferred to America 1976th years, as Japanese gift on the occasion of the 200-anniversary of the United States, &quot;This is a Japanese white pine. It was grown in a family, family Yamaki. Yamakijevi had bonsai-tree nurseries and the 1625th years of bonsaiu, gifts United States, concerned the 6 generations of the family. &quot;In Washington, about the tree care are now four curators. &quot;Mr. Yamaki, founder and donor, visited the tree is 4, 5 years after giving.
 For this tour is linked to an interesting detail that reflects the relationship between the growers of bonsai-trees. Mr. Yamaki is seeing his ex-tree began to cry. Curator of the Museum are upset, worried ... With the help of an interpreter, Mr. Yamaki has explained that his tears because he felt that the tree is happy in our museum. &quot;Caring for bonsai tree 400 years old is an honor, pleasure, but also a great responsibility and said Mr. Sustic, somewhat jokingly, adding &quot;Do not even think that the tree could have something happen. But, just in case I have a packed suitcase. If anything happens to a tree, hiding would be that nobody could find. &quot;Gift from the Japanese about 3 and a half decades, the National Botanical Garden in Washington, began creating a collection of bonsai trees, now the largest in North America. About 300 trees deployed in the pavilions of Japanese, Chinese and American bonsai trees. &quot;Bonsai literally means tree in a pot, pot.
 Looking at the tree from our collections, visitors will realize that this is not just a tree in a pot. This is art, art that lives &quot;- says Mr. overtake. A group of bonsai trees planted by John Naka One of the best known trees from bonsai collection is 57 years old group of more trees he planted and raised John Naka, as it is considered the father of North American bonsaia. Planted by a tree for each of your grandchildren. &quot;Caring for bonsai-tree never stops because, as I said, the art of living, a technique of trimming them to maintain a small&quot; - explains Mr. Sustic and adds to the bonsai trees, with great patience and diligence, care, and several employees of the Museum 15 volunteers. As trees grow, they must be podrezivana once or twice a year. Some trees are so sensitive ..... &quot;..... not to file, for example, grease from the fingers of the person who cares about them, do not tolerate rougher touch, cautious movements ...
 In such cases, the needles or leaves begin to wilt, yellow and must be removed &quot;- says Mr. overtake. Bonsai bloom in the Washington museum collection of bonsai trees is invaluable. Each tree is unique, the average age is about 100 years, which means that it is worried about them for generations. Bonsai trees flourish, make fruit changes color in autumn. Mr. Sustic says that with other family members eat the apple from one of 30 bonsaia trees grown in our home and adds: &quot;It is interesting that the size of fruit and flowers bonsai is not less than usual.&quot; From his earliest beginnings in China over a thousand years, the art of growing bonsai trees, was, during several centuries, the privilege of elites. In the United States bonsaia popularity grew thanks to support of the National Bonsai Foundation. Johann Klodsen, director of the Foundation, said that the bonsai tree more than you can see at a glance: &quot;As before each work of art, and standing in front of the bonsai tree is transformed into a kind of discussion of art and the individual and takes on a spiritual dimension.&quot; And Mr. Sustic adds: &quot;Working with bonsai trees, believe it, it changes you as a person, it makes you a better person.
 It teaches you patience and respect. Bonsai trees have made me, certainly, a better person. &quot;
 