- European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn will together with representatives of the European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund head to Dublin to get together with the Irish Government &quot;have found a solution for the difficulties the Irish Monetary Sector - Rehn said in the night on Wednesday told reporters in Brussels, after the Irish crisis novčarskoj dedicated ministerial meeting Euroskupine. &quot;Difficulties&quot; are mild term for what is in Ireland followed the collapse of the Anglo-Irish Bank, for once followed the collapse of the entire Irish Monetary sector. As the Irish government decided to recapitalize the ailing bank itself - that led her to ruin a very neoliberal approach to full deregulation, and their consecutive playfulness in the American novčarskome &quot;Casino&quot; - the Irish budget deficit exceeded 30 percent of GDP, it is even 10 times higher than Maastricht criteria which allow for the preservation of stability euros! Euroskupina Ireland was immediately offered to help out 750 billion euros of hard fund to help countries with difficulties in the payment of which countries have established together with the IMF to prevent the collapse of finance euriziranih one of the countries in the gulf does not withdraw a single currency, his only user to Greece now.
 This is a 45-50000000000 euros in cash, how much is saving the Irish banks, and about another 80-100000000000 euros in guarantees which quieted investors in Irish government bonds. However, the Irish government refused the offer. Unlike the empty Greek, in Ireland the treasury with enough money to pay all obligations to the middle of next year. In addition, Prime Minister Brian Cowen intends to introduce in December is tough, frugal budget and do not want to leave the impression that it makes the external constraint. Finally, while the yield on the 10-year Greek government bond stood at 9.08 on Tuesday, the Irish was 5.95 percent, which is about half a percentage point lower than the yield with which we were indebted to last Minister Suker. Ireland&#39;s refusal to help discourage, however, investors in the Portuguese and Spanish government bonds and the yield on them is growing, although still significantly lower than in Greece and Ireland: in Portugal on Tuesday was 4.41, and 1.98 percent in Spanish .
 Thus both countries, which would be early 2011. should re-borrow on world markets, Monetary, the most pressure to Ireland, where new money until the summer should not, accept assistance from the fund.
 