Japan and Brazil have recently taken measures to diminish the value of their currencies. Last month the U.S. House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed the first law that would allow the United States to put an enormous customs duties on Chinese goods if China does not allow growth renminbija. In Europe, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, who will soon take the lead group of 20 leading world economies (G20), said he is trying to establish a new system of coordination of global currencies, similar to that in the 1970s. It is unclear whether the result will be a currency war, as recently announced by the Minister of Finance of Brazil. U.S. Treasury Timothy F. Geithner tried to calm fears. &quot;There will be no trade war,&quot; he said. &quot;There will be no exchange of wars.&quot; He said he believed &quot;a large and important part of the Chinese government&quot; now realizes the need to allow growth valute.No, it is not clear how far the Chinese are ready to go, since it collects currency means more expensive exports and the possible loss of mjesta.Neki economists advocate view that the stalemate on the Chinese currency could lead to a new era of protectionism is similar to that in the 1920s and the 1930s, for fear that it could harm the global trading and further weaken the recovery.
 However, others argue that it was an agreement on the free market of the 1980s and 1990s, weakened American competitiveness, they have powers like China exploit for their own benefit. &quot;Everyone, consciously or unconsciously, looking forward to what the neighbor got into trouble,&quot; believes Michael Pettis, a professor at Peking University and an economist at the Carnegie Foundation for World Peace, washingtonskoj private non-profit organization dedicated to promoting international cooperation. Of course, in the past, many countries have manipulated currencies - the Reagan presidency, the United States with Japan reached a political agreement to align precisely on this issue. And for decades, despite a global ban on many, many countries use financial incentives in their own proizvodnju.Mnoge assistance from countries around the world are afraid of them either China or the United States smash the mutual struggle for prevlast.Japan recently for the first time in the last six years reviewed intervention in the currency market after accusing China has led the yen to its highest level in the last 15 years, partly by buying Japan&#39;s debt.
 Brazil has taken similar measures and swore he would do everything in his power to prevent inflating the value of their own valute.Brazilski Finance Minister Guido Mantega in an interview said the measures taken by developed countries (including the United States) to to maintain interest rates at record low level, which is one way of devaluing the currency, &quot;the strategy of the past&quot; that is threatening the Brazilian economy and other dynamic emerging markets. &quot;Countries are taking such desperate measures in an attempt to activate their economies,&quot; said Mantega. &quot;Since that failed to activate their own domestic markets, the output are for export. The developed countries are working on the currency devaluation in order to become competitive in this dynamic market in a few the world. &quot;Most Western governments, and many economists blame China for currency disputes because she refused to trade renminbijem by a remotely realistic price.
 Moreover, China&#39;s export subsidies financed with artificially low interest rates, which transferred money from bank deposits consumer banking business in cheap loans. Not surprisingly, the Chinese have a different vision problems. The Chinese press is full of articles claiming that Americans do not appreciate the efforts Kine.Dok the currencies of other countries during the financial crisis 2008th was devalued against the dollar, some economists have noticed that the renminbi is not. And although Chinese exports artificially cheap perhaps, that the effect of favorable prices for U.S. customers at the expense of Chinese consumers. China could solve most of problems when they switch from an economy that relies on earnings from exports to an economy that relies on domestic consumption. And Chinese experts are to be agreed with it. However, China&#39;s progress toward this goal is very slow and sluggish. Since June, when the government promised to push renminbi closer to its actual value, the currency has risen by about 1 percent, and most experts agree that it is the actual value of 15 to 20 percent higher.
 Many economic and political factors limit the flexibility of the Chinese, &quot;said Li Daokui, director of the Center for China in the world economy at Tsinghua University. Doctor Li is also a member of the governmental Committee for Monetary Policy, which serves as an advisory body to China&#39;s central bank, and said that not speaking on behalf of the government. If China let the yuan rise in value too quickly, he explained, exports could become too expensive and cause the collapse of an entire economic sector. And it would encourage nezaposlenot and the risk of social unrest, as Chinese leaders at all costs want to avoid. Doctor Li believes that the necessary &quot;slight enhancement of the&quot; yuan, but that ordinary Chinese people must be well prepared for even this small step. David E. Sanger and Michael Wines, Alexei Barrionuevo contributed to the report from S? O Paulo, Brazil, Steven Erlanger from Paris and Martin Fackler from Tokyo
 