In southern Africa is not exactly easy to find cheap and safe lodging. However, in these cities, fans can choose from the simplest room, and small-sized flats. The selection is excellent. &quot;In the area of our university we put at the disposal of 4500 beds supporters from around the world. And at a fair price,&quot; says John Simpson. 65-year-old marketing professor for 30 years teaching at the University of Cape Town. It is the oldest African university - founded in 1829. Bildunterschrift: Panorama Cape Town, one of the most popular tourist targets in southern Africa about 23 500 students from Cape Town this year had a little earlier than usual to go on vacation and release of student rooms. The beds are needed - the fans, tourists and visitors to the World Cup. Dormitories are a very good alternative to expensive hotels or something better placement of the &quot;bed &amp; breakfast&quot; - and both are in fact ahead of world championship raise rates.
 The cheapest accommodation in student homes / flats now cost about 35 euros per night. Small apartment with a double, furnished room is a solid option to use the kitchen will cost at least 185 euros per day. During the first phase of the competition in Cape Town will host fans from Italy, Paraguay, England, France, Uruguay, Netherlands, Cameroon, Algeria and North Korea. Guests will not be bored University of Cape Town with their future guests not only offers cheap accommodation. During the World Championships and 35 buses will razvoziti fans between city-airport, the stadium or on trips to some of the many attractions around the city. For example, the famous South African wineries. Campus &quot;secure&quot; and 158 video cameras that will monitor what is going on in every corner - and for the safety of international guests would care to members of private insurance companies. Bildunterschrift: The stadium in Cape Town where matches will be played SP Guests will be able to (free) to use the fitness studio, swimming pool, football field with artificial grass.
 Or listen to lectures on African history, participate in workshops ... All the matches of World Cup tourists will be able to see over the big screens are already installed on campus - or live on the street or in the recording hall dormitories. Most will be (given the expected temperature of 3:00 to 5:00 degrees in southern Africa is very late autumn) opt for this variant. Fans interested in further information about accommodation can be found on the web page www.campus2010.co.za a room up (from 6 June to 13 July 2010.) Rented at the following universities: University of Johannesburg Campus (UJ) - Sydney University Campus of the Witwatersrand (WITS) - University of Johannesburg Campus Cape Town (UCT) - Cape Town University of Kwa-Zulu Natal Howard Campus University of Kwa-Zulu Natal Westville Campus (UKZN) - Durban Author: Ulrich Reimann / sma Re.
 ed: Andrea Jung-Grimm
 