Photo: Cropix / FONET Video: RTS.rs SNA ® AN earthquake strength of 5.4 on the Richter scale tonight around 1:57 pm struck central Serbia, and most felt in the town of Kraljevo. Everybody felt it, and residents in some parts of the Osijek-Baranja County ¾ and ¾ of Vukovar-Sirmium County. New sleep ¾ an earthquake struck 9:25 in Kraljevo, Blic. He was a strength of 2.8 on the Richter scale, but frightened residents istrèali to the streets. It was even twenty tremors in Serbia than two hours in the morning. The ground trembles constantly in Serbia, it is estimated that during the day, Serbia shook around 70 smaller earthquakes! The old woman died from an earthquake fear an old woman from Mrèajevaca during the night she died of a heart attack, probably caused by fear of earthquakes, confirmed the mayor Velimir Èaèka Stanojeviæ. Stanojeviæ the Fonet said that it was members of the family of the deceased old woman know about her death. &quot;They said it was a cardiac patient and probably died from a fear of earthquakes&quot;, ka ¾ e Stanojeviæ.
 Serbian Interior Minister Ivica Dacic immediately came in Kraljevo and confirmed that he died double couple, Natalie and Sinisa Stašiæ, while about 100 people mostly easily injured. Double couple Stašiæ was killed in his spavaæoj upstairs room when the roof collapsed on them along with rooftop. Neighbour John Stojnić story how it all happened in seconds. Ka ¾ that the deceased man came to hold his hand and tried to pull him, but then collapsed and the second part of the roof and coincided unfortunate. The epicenter of the earthquake strength of 5.4 Richter scale according to the degree it was 10 kilometers north of the Kings. After najjaèeg earthquake was followed by several minor earthquakes, the strength of 2.2 to 2.5 degrees per Rihter. The epicenter was in the village of Vitanovac where they recorded a woman largest of damage. In Kraljevo, some parts of the city have no electricity. Been damaged and the hospital, where he trained only one operating room. Those who were at the time of the earthquake was in the hospital were not injured.
 Severed the phone lines and mobile phone signals are not stable. Have been damaged houses in the vicinity of Kings. The earthquake in Kraljevo caused great material damage. &quot;The most important is that you did not calm down the panic and excitement, and citizens to know that all the official be working,&quot; said Dacic. Declared a state of emergency regional, municipal and city offices of Civil Protection declared a state of emergency in the area of the town of Kraljevo. Mayor King Ljubiša Simoviæ said that no electricity at one quarter of the city, while water is not just in some small parts in some buildings. Since most public institutions have been damaged Health Center and Department of Public Health. Minister Ivica Dacic said that in Kraljevo and the 40-odd members of the police and the rescue from the rubble, but they will not have a job, because there is no buried people. Seismological Institute of Serbia reported that the intensity of earthquakes estimated at VII-VIII degree Mercalli scale.
 In a statement written by the earthquake of such intensity can cause minor structural graden of damage to the poor facilities. The earthquake lasted several seconds. A lot of citizens on the streets of Kings, because they fear that an earthquake could happen again. Children in Kraljevo today will not go to school. Director of Seismological Institute of Serbia Slavica Radovanovic told RTS that does not expect a new stronger earthquakes in the region of Kraljevo and that noæasnji quake was the strongest, but also to weaker tremors can be felt in iduæih few days. Damage could be up to one million euros She said that at present difficult to assess the damage, but it could be around one million euros. &quot;This earthquake may be in the epicentral area, the buildings that were built without the protection and application of modern regulations, cause severe structural of damage. Objects should not be demolished unless they are in extremely poor condition, but rather should happen heavy structural of damage,&quot; Radovanovic said, adding that the region has over 12 thousand objects that are older construction.
 In the afternoon will visit Kraljevo and Serbian President Boris Tadic. Damage in Bulgaria, and shaking was felt in Sarajevo Residents of villages around Belogradèika, in northwest Bulgaria, informed the authorities that they had the house been damaged by the earthquake that struck Kraljevo. Mayor of a municipality has sent teams should assess the damages caused. From B &amp; H Center for Seismology Federal Hydrometeorological Institute confirmed that the earthquake that struck Kraljevo felt in the hold parts. Seismologist rusimir Gorusanin said that this earthquake I&#39;d felt the strength of 2.5 to 3 degrees Richter scale. In BiH has not reported any damage from this earthquake. The earthquake felt residents of Bijeljina, which borders with Serbia, and Tuzla and Sarajevo. The strongest earthquakes in Serbia: Svilajnac, 1893rd - 5.7 on the Richter scale Viti, 1921. - 5.7 on the Richter scale Lazarevac, 1992. - 5.9 on the Richter scale mines, 1927. - 5.7 on the Richter scale Kopaonik, 1980.
 - 5.7 on the Richter scale Mionica, 1998 .- 5.7 on the Richter scale course of things the list on the index Share
 