10.04.2010. / 12:19 Author: Boris Bilas Video: Poland in shock, the state remained without a president and 35 senior government officials should allight aircraft was in Smolensk, where the Polish President went to the 70th anniversary of the massacre in Katina, where Russian troops killed thousands of Poles, Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife out of the aircraft the Polish government, the same one that crashed this morning in Russia (Reuters) in a plane crash that occurred early this morning near the airport of Russian except the city of Smolensk Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife died is still a number of senior Polish officials. The aircraft were 17 members of the official state delegation, 15 members of parliament and three representatives of the Polish Catholic Church. The list of passengers as Chief of the General Staff of Polish Army, General Franciszek Gagor, Deputy Foreign Minister Andrzej Kremer, Minister Władysław Stasiak, Bishop Ploski, presidential candidate and vice president of the Polish Parliament Jerzy Szmajdziński, Polish Ambassador to Russia, Jerzy Bahr and others.
 Poland Gazeta Wyborcza carries a list of names of the fallen. Head of Russia&#39;s investigative committee Sergey Markin said that the aircraft were 132 persons. Russian state television reported that no one survived. They also show footage from the crash site. Scattered remains of the aircraft were still burning in the woods near aerodoroma. The aircraft, however, crashed just a few hundred meters from the runway. Approaching the runway for landing, the plane TU-154 were affected by the tree, crashed and caught fire. The fire has been extinguished, and investigators are trying to determine the cause of the crash. The agency RIA Novosti said that at the time of the accident was a thick fog. Russian Ministry for Emergency Situations has confirmed that the plane crashed at 10:56 Moscow time, and flew on the route between Moscow and Smolensk. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has sent to the scene of emergencies minister Sergei Šojgu.
 Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski told Polish Radio that the prime minister Donald Tusk wept when he learned of the accident, and people began to spontaneously assemble in front of the presidential palace, where lay flowers and light candles. According to the Polish constitution the president authority over Parliament Speaker Bronisław Komorowski, the Government announced a special session. Lech and Jaroslaw Kaczynski (Reuters) &quot;This is the second major accident in Katyn. There they tried to behead us, and now that also killed the elite of our country. This is a great loss,&quot; said Lech Walensa, the first Polish president after the fall communism. Given that the aircraft were senior military officers in Poland is currently almost no military leadership. In Poland, they should soon hold presidential elections so that the plane, with Kacyzinskog, which is intended to re-election, was one of his opponent. Polish president was flying Tupolev 154, aircraft that was designed back in 1960th
 year and is scheduled to carry 100 people. Some Polish leaders have warned that they should modernize their planes. Lech Kaczynski is the head of Polish government since December 2005. , was a controversial politician, right wing beliefs. With his twin brother Jaroslaw was the leader of the party Law and Justice. Jaroslaw&#39;s brother for a time served as Polish prime minister, and I am Lech Kaczynski before he became president was mayor of Warsaw.
 