The most interesting qualifying matches for the World Cup 2010th bwin to Qualify for the World Cup 2010th in South Africa arrived in the hot phase. Across continents play an exciting qualifying matches deciding which team will win the placement on the FIFA World Cup. 31 teams fighting for places that lead to the most important soccer event; directly qualified only hosts South Africa. In the five African qualifiers will see the team parade, Asia will also have five representatives, including the main favorites include Australia, Japan, South Korea and Iran. Petoplasirana Asian qualifying team will play two additional qualifying match against Team New Zealand has its place in these additional qualifications fought victory in the Oceania qualifying group. From North and Central America to South Africa three teams travel directly to the 2010 World Cup.
 Fourth place team will face petoplasiranim band from the South American qualifying. The main favorites for the title of world champions Brazil, Argentina, the defending champions Italy, European champion Spain and major European football nations such as Germany, France, England and the Netherlands. But that does compete for the title is necessary to secure one of 13 reserved seats for Europe. Choose your favorites in some inland areas of Argentina and Brazil in South America. Italy, Germany, France, Spain, England, Russia, Turkey and the Netherlands in Europe. Mexico and the United States in Central and North America. The favorites in some continental areas reputed as the biggest favorite to win the World Cup 2010th in South Africa. But even the best teams in Africa are also motivated by the first great festival of football on the African continent.
 Do not underestimate the hosts South Africa, Ivory Coast, Egypt, Tunisia, Nigeria or Cameroon. No less dangerous are not strong representation in Asia and Oceania: Australia, South Korea, Japan or New Zealand. Numerous qualifiers promise superior tension. Bet on the most interesting encounters: Ireland-Italy, Russia-Germany, Spain or England-Belgium-Croatia. Bet that will end the following matches: Brazil-Paraguay, Brazil and Argentina-Brazil-Chile. Enjoy the atmosphere of the World Cup qualifying duels such as Mexico-United States, Costa Rica-El Salvador or Mexico-Costa Rica. Warm up for the 2010 World Cup. South Africa forecasting results and the following games: Cameroon-Morocco, Mali-Ghana, Algeria-Tunisia-Egypt or Nigeria. Live betting and live football results Who leads? Who is going to equalize? Who will win? That the attacker will reach a decisive hit or who will make the next yellow or red card? Keep track of every action the world&#39;s best players and teams with the bwin Live application (scores).
 Experience all the events related to the qualifications for the FIFA 2010 World Cup. in South Africa and choose their favorites during qualifying duel with live betting here at bwin. Play for real! Betting for the 2010 World Cup. bwin to football fans for the 2010 World Cup. expects a fantastic offer at bwin. Rich offers online betting on matches involving all groups, all reflected in the knockout phase, and of course the grand finale of Soccer City stadium in Johannesburg. Bet on your favorite team and play in big! bwin offer includes more than 90 different sports so sports fans expected the richest choice. Choose your favorite bets and take their knowledge with online sports betting and your favorite sport. Bet on other exciting sporting events, tournaments, leagues or special events: football leagues and tournaments: Sports competitions and tournaments: Motorsport: Special Events: Winter sports: mobile portal
 