The territory of Palestine, which is due to the implementation of all kinds of imperialist conspiracy now called &quot;Israel&quot; is part of southwestern Asia, with its 21 501 square kilometer in the east out to the shores of the Mediterranean Sea, borders Syria and Jordan River, in northern and northwestern borders with Lebanon and Syria, and in the south of the Red Sea and Mount Sinai, Egypt. Since Palestine is under a long Zionist occupation, the official language of the country was declared Hebrew although Arabs and Muslims residing in the area speak Arabic. With regard to occupation, the official religion in occupied Palestine is declared Judaism, although it should not ignore the large number of Palestinian Muslims and Christians. The most important cities in Palestine were Bayt ul Mukadesa, Bayt Lahm, Ramallah, Gaza, Nablus, Haifa and Jafa. Theodore Hertzel is the book &quot;Jewish government&quot; published 1895th year suggested that &quot;the Jews who can no longer endure life in the countries in which they reside, settle on an area that size can benefit the existence of a great nation.&quot;
 I Hertzel is clearly chose Palestine to Zionist settlement, a historical fact that the British government had offered the Jews to settle in the territory of Uganda, speaks to claims about &quot;the Israeli nation,&quot; &quot;land of Israel&quot; or the &quot;promised land&quot; is not nothing but a common legend . On Hertzelov proposal in 1897. in the Swiss town of Bala held the first Zionist Congress in which the Palestinian territories selected as &quot;Hertzelov choice&quot; and then was called &quot;the land of Israel&quot;, explains the Zionist slogans and flags, and then began a process of emigration of Jews to the territories of Palestine. Hertzel in 1901. The Ottoman Sultan Abdulhamid suggested that Jews sold uninhabited territories of the 50 million gold lira. Thus began the Jewish settlement on Palestinian land. There is no doubt that the second November 1917th year can be considered as the darkest day in the history of Palestine, since that date the British Foreign Minister Balfor promised recognition of the independent existence of the Jews in Palestine.
 The above dates may be considered a true date of the occupying Israeli government, not the 29th November 1957th when the Organization of the United Nations adopted a resolution that recognized the division of Palestine. In the third decade of the last century has recorded the mass immigration of Jews to Palestine. Archival data show that in 1924. in Palestine reached 12 856, 1925. The 13 801 and 1926th The same Zionist so many immigrants. The number of Zionists in occupied Palestine has risen to 174 606 people. At the same time is recorded and the expansion of the Zionist owned, and so with 65 000 hectares of land in their ownership in 1920. year to the area increased to 120 000 hectares of land in 1931. year. In the same period the number of active Palestinian movements that fought against the colonizers and Zionists. The most intensive activity of these movements was recorded a few years later, more precisely, since 1936.
 1939. year. The most active movements leading religious figures such as Haji Amin Al Husejnija and Shaikh Kasam Izuddin. However, these movements did not yet achieve clear results. We should not forget that the Palestinian people due međupartijskih disputes and disagreements still failed to exercise their indisputable right. Probably, such a constellation of relations between the Palestinian parties and led to the fact that the Palestinian people suffered two defeats in two different historical periods. The first time it happens even during the British patronage of Palestine, which lasted until 1971. and the second time in the first 40 years of independence of Arab countries. British patronage of Palestine has spawned the Israeli occupation of the area, and the patronage of the Arab countries - particularly Egypt - over Palestine was marked by three defeats in wars with Israel 1948th, 1956. and 1967. year. These defeats have destroyed the hope of the Palestinian people to European and Arab countries to support the liberation of the occupied Palestinian territories.
 However, in the third period of history comes to the formation of Palestinian movement in the period between the 1967th and 1970. was performed by a series of successful military operations against Israel, and izvojevanim victories fail to regain hope among the Palestinians. Thus, the Palestinian Liberation Movement (PLO), which acted as the Palestinian government in exile, in 1974. was officially granted the status of observer in the Organization of the United Nations as a representative of the Palestinian people. In late 50-ies of the last century the Egyptian secret service that were mostly associated with U.S. offices are supported Arafat and his movement Fath in the future to have a leading role in Palestine. Time has shown that this role is reflected in the recognition of the Zionist occupation in Palestine. The decision of this nature is the strongest manifestation experienced in the signing of Gaza-Jericho, and the Oslo Agreement 1993rd year, and that light can be observed and the recent agreement signed in the U.S. Maryland.
 Below are some of the most important Jewish organizations in Europe that are currently being actively committed to achieving more points for the Jews: 1 Center for gathering information on Jews in Europe. This center was founded in 1990. year and his first director of the Benjamin Džumejl. This center is under pressure from the European Commission, admitted the Arabic language as one of the minority languages on European soil. 2nd Congress of the European Jews, which was established during the maintenance of a World Jewish Congress 1986th year. The headquarters of this organization in France. 3rd The Jewish Council for Community Services, which is established in 1968. year. This Council is engaged in educational and cultural projects for Jews in Europe and is active in 30 European countries. 4th Rabbinical conference in Europe. This conference was established in 1957. with the aim of providing facilities to conduct hearings on matters related to Jews.
 5th The Union of Jewish Students was founded in 1978. and coordinates the activities of all student unions of Jewish communities in Europe. The Union has provided great assistance to Jewish students in Western and Eastern Europe with the aim of achieving the goals of student unions.
 