02/07/2010 bloggers say they are victims of prohibition of certain Google services primarily millions of Turks, businesses, entrepreneurs, webmasters and media companies. Baris Yilmaz for Southeast European Times - 02/07/10 The ban is a new IP address, and a great zabrtinutost associated with the potentially widespread censorship in the future. [Getty Images] The decision of the Turkish government to block several Google services - allegedly for tax evasion - has angered bloggers. In particular, complain about the government&#39;s general ban on the IP address for the interent site to share YouTube videos, and reinforce the campaign against such a ban. YouTube is owned by Google Inc.. Giant in the internet search using a different dynamic IP addresses, which are different services - including Google Analytics, Docs, Translation and the Book - also blocked. Despite widespread public resentment in relation to this disputed move, the government of the Justice and Development Party (AKP), which has roots in Islam, continues to defend that decision.
 Minister of connection and communication Binali Yildirim said that Google is neither recognized nor respected Turkish laws, and failed to pay taxes despite the high earnings of Turkey. The government wants Google to open its representative office in Turkey, to initiate a special verism &quot;google.tr&quot; which would function according to Turkish law and pay taxes in Turkey amounting to 15.1 million euros. Since talks between the government and Google have not yet brought any results, frustration among Turkish Internet users has exploded. Authorities in the past blocked the various internet sites, but the ban is a new IP address, and a great zabrtinutost associated with the potentially widespread censorship in the future. Ozuckan is a general view that the government is deceiving the public into believing that there is no legal relationship between the ban on Google&#39;s service - conducted as part of the earlier court decision to ban YouTube - and the alleged tax evasion.
 &quot;This recent move has no legitimacy and they are trying to find an excuse for censorship,&quot; he says. antalyali is concerned about the overall consequences on the reputation of Turkey. &quot;We have strengthened our position among the authoritarian states in the world,&quot; he writes. &quot;While China, Saudi Srabija, Iran and Cuba are blocking all the critical ideas, political opposition on the Internet, feminists and websites gay / lesbian groups, or an authoritarian regime is not blocked by Google.&quot; Akgul compares the general prohibition against the IP address in order to implement ban on YouTube with &quot;throwing the baby with the bath water&quot;. For a country that aspires to be among the ten leading countries &quot;such a ban on internet are nothing but a great shame.&quot; Similar articles Loading Since the ban, said Akgul, undermine free speech, and also harms the development of Turkey, bloggers should make short, medium and long term action plan for the expansion of Internet freedom.
 &quot;It will not be easy to solve the non-democratic mentality in our country, it will take time. However, all Internet users and social activists must take responsibility.&quot; Some, like Ismailhpolat, agree that there is no legal basis for taxing companies that earn 100 million lira in Turkey, but disagrees with the way in which the government wants to do. &quot;The government is right in their demands, but the methods used are highly questionable.&quot; He concludes that there are millions of Turks, small and medium enterprises, webmasters, small and large media companies, victims of the ban on Google&#39;s service. A prominent Turkish cartoonist Erdil Yasaroglu expressed in a recent tweet concern for millions of Internet users. &quot;Minister Yildirim is very right when asking Google to pay taxes,&quot; he said. &quot;But it is extremely unfair to keep us as pawns in order prompted Google to do so.&quot; This content is SETimes.com.
 Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 