In just a few percent of the money needed to maintain a nuclear arsenal, eleven states with nuclear weapons (the United States, Russia, United Kingdom, France, China, India, Pakistan, North Korea, Israel, Iran and possibly Syria) could be eradicated, so far neglected , infectious disease within its borders. &quot;Outbreaks of disease in these countries represent 50% of the global burden of disease - and this percentage would have been greater,&quot; says an article published on 27th April portal with free access, PLoS Neglected Tropical Diseases. In his analysis, titled &quot;Nuclear weapons and neglected diseases: The rift in the ratio 10 000 1&quot;, Dr. Peter Hotez, President of the Sabin Institute to develop a vaccine and a respected professor and scholar of the Center for Medicine at the University of Washington, estimates that &quot;11 States with nuclear weapons, together invested at least 10 trillion U.S. dollars on the production and maintenance of nuclear weapons. &quot; With the exception of the United Kingdom, each of these states with nuclear weapons carries a significant burden of inadequate treatment of the disease.
 The problem is that for some time in the background. The world has recorded about 120 cases of lymphatic filariaze, stigmatized disease that is transmitted vector, causing deformities and is associated with elephantiasis. Of all cases reported in India there is even one quarter of patients. Almost half of the 60 million cases of trachoma, an infectious disease caused by the microorganism Chlamydia trachomatis was found in the states that possess nuclear weapons. In China, the largest number of cases of illness from this severe disease. Approximately one third of approximately 800 million cases of ascariasis, a disease characterized by red cylindrical worm infestation caused by the genus Ascaris, waste to countries that possess nuclear weapons, including India with 140 million cases, China with 86 million cases, North Korea, with 8 million, Pakistan with 7 million, and finally Iran with 5 million cases of people with this disease.
 &quot;Investment in nuclear weapons justified the campaign to prevent war, ie the promotion of peace,&quot; says Hotez. However, financial support for the so-called. promotion of peace, provided the systematic neglect of financing the treatment of infectious diseases. Increased funding for research of these diseases could help to control and eventually eliminate these diseases among the general population. That would fulfill one of the objectives of Millennium Development, there would be a stabilizing and developing nations and reduce civil unrest and international tensions. &quot;Much work has gone into encouraging leaders of countries with nuclear weapons in an honest dialogue about the reallocation of resources. In this way, improve health care, and research on the control and treatment of neglected tropical diseases,&quot; says Hotez. &quot;In the coming decade would include nuclear superpower in the treatment and eradication of tropical diseases mean really great diplomatic victory of the world community&quot;, the conclusion is that Hotez is in your article.
 The author of this article has not received any financial support for this research and was told that there is no conflict of interest in his work. Source: Public Library of Science Related Articles
 