The third pair in the quarter-finals was also already known, and he promises us an interesting and beautiful football. On one side we have the Dutch, who play classic offensive football, but have become much more mature and more compact than in previous years. Meanwhile, the offensive alone will not lead anyone away, because the defense has become extremely important in recent years. On the other hand we have jedanaestorku samba from Brazil, which, admittedly, did not forget to dance, but in the meantime attach great importance to the defensive. Despite the new defanzivnoj force, which was introduced by coach Dunga, Brazil is still very offensive and solved their game goals. First, we will devote ourselves to the Dutch, who are in their most efficient offensive magician with the ball on the entire planet. It is, of course, on Robben. Many will now scream and say, what about Messie, Kaka or Ronaldo, but none of the above should not be so little good opportunity to score.
 Kaka has withdrawn from Robben, Messi is playful, and Ronaldo was too much love in itself, so you often do not want to hand over the ball, how long could you run with it. Apart from Robben have a very effective striker in the penalty area, Van Persie, plus two other wizard, Kuyt and Sneijder. In addition, we must not forget the sixes offensive incursions Bayern&#39;s van Bommeli. Dutch Defence is, however, also good, but certainly not anywhere near close to the level of incredibly strong offensive midfield. However, defensive, however, at a good level, until they placed well in all positions. Brazil is the championship got a lot of complaints from its own supporters, but this is normal, because an ordinary Brazilian soccer fan expected a kind of sleight of football, now he can no longer play. It is because of athletics for all professionals, and a good defensive battle was sharp enough to pair with a strong track and field players but every team otčarana.
 You can say what you want, but at this championship were Brazilians everything else, except for defensive and withdrawn, except in the first game, when they played against najdefanzivnije team throughout the championship, North Korea. In all other matches are handled its tasks over the offensive. The match against Portugal was, however, ended goalless, but then they were already qualified, so they kept their strength, as a fan off the street can not understand. Typical was the Brazilians play in matches against the Ivory Coast and Chile. At first glance it did not seem extraordinary, but it was Brazilians performance was impressive. In the match against Chile were much more offensive, because KO-game does not allow for mistakes. The only concern against Chile was the fact that it looks Kaki not believe that I can achieve goals. Other offensive players are, indeed, grateful when it is a great dog from him, but never added Kaki, when standing alone.
 That they could retaliate against a really strong opponent, because it emitted a chance to hit. In addition, the striker Luis Fabiano and Robinho can notice some action, acting just too egotistical and narcissistic, which is exactly in line with their character. It is the only drawback of this team. Defensive about Lucia &amp; Co.. can be classified into one of the top five in this tournament, but sometimes caused strange gaps in the defensive because most Brazilian defenders involved in the offense. Therefore, there is a gap, which the opponent can take advantage of the counterattack. Possible settings Netherlands: Stekelenburg - van der Weil, Heitinga, Mathijsen, van Bronckhorst - van Bommel, De Jong - Kuyt, Sneijder, Robben - van Persie (4-2-3-1 line-up) possible settings Brazil: Julio Cesar - Maicon , Lucio, Juan, Michel Bastos - Gilberto Silva, Josue - Dani Alves, Kaka - Luis Fabiano, Robinho (in set 4-4-2) The duel between two different philosophies has always been very hot and full of hits.
 And this championship marks are the offensive game. When both teams have the best offensive team category, so that in any case, you should see a few hits. Tip: over 2 goals Odds: 1.66 with 10bet (up to 1.60 can be played without problems) on the second type, those who attach importance to the history, will not be our opinion. Another guy goes to the Netherlands, simply because they have a very mature and committed team. In addition, the offensive was in fact the Dutch toy stronger than the offensive Brazilians, because the Dutch attackers understand almost blind, which is not the case in Brazil, since there is jealousy between players. Netherlands this match it should not and lose any case, maybe even go as winners in the field. Type: Asian Handicap +0.5 Netherlands Odds: 1.94 at 188bet (up to 1.90 can be played without problems)
 