This year&#39;s Nobel Peace Prize awarded to a leading Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobou. That became 54 year-old Nobel prize winner Liu will find out if and when someone told it to him in prison. In fact, last year was sentenced to 11 years in prison for inciting &quot;subversion of state power&quot;. This, translated into an understandable language, in the case of Liu means that he dared to express a desire to happen in China and political reform. Specifically, the document was signed which brought him in yet another clash with government performance. It is the Charter 08, was released two years ago in December, calling for adoption of the new country&#39;s constitution, independent judiciary and freedom of speech! Enough to declare opathy vladjuća communist enemy and sentenced to several years in prison! If today, after the release of Nobel Peace Prize winner, someone inquired about the &quot;ordinary&quot; Chinese who Liu Xiaobo, it is difficult to make such a find on the street. The regime has been consistent in keeping the public from &quot;inconvenience&quot;.
 Wife of leading dissident Liu Xia, who can visit him once a month under the supervision of dealing with him for an hour, it is believed that one day his contribution to the struggle for human rights will be recognized at home: &quot;Today his name is unknown, but one day, even if it will not be considered a hero, will speak of him as a very good citizen, the example that must be followed! Liu Xiaobo has a 20-year history to convince authorities to change their behavior toward their citizens. For the government has too many faces: political activist, writer, university professor and, most importantly constant embarrassment to the Communist Party of China. He participated in protests at Tiananmen in which he was sentenced to two years imprisonment. 1996. has been saved to three years in a camp for rehabilitation because the issue of one-party system. From forbidden topic in China, Liu has dared to criticize the game because of behavior towards the Tibetans.
 Just the fact became known outside of China. Of course it is a decision the Nobel Committee in Oslo angered the Chinese political leadership. Furious at the Committee since 1989. When it was the massacre at Tiananmen, received the award the Dalai Lama! How about everything even about the possible name for the candidates in advance, the official Beijing warned the Committee that they do not fall to me, and what they tried last year, it will reward dissident: worsen relations with Norway !!!!!! Specifically, Oslo and Beijing before the signing of important agreements on oil exports and the technology associated with it. From the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs commissioned that the award sent a wrong message to the world and that Chinese people consider attacking the West on what they take. A spokeswoman for the ministry held an additional lesson on world peace prize aims: promoting peace and friendship between nations, and disarmament. Therefore, China holds the decision enemy! It&#39;s not a novelty, but an established reaction in which each side, and especially domestic questioning of political decisions or discuss the necessity of political reform with an advanced economy, is considered a crime, criminal offense.
 Public political debate is therefore not possible, it is maintained through the Internet behind closed doors well. Private! And what has been achieved this year&#39;s Nobel Peace Prize? Remind the world that China is an important part of the inevitable, that in the 21 century prison for people calling for democracy, human rights and dignity. Chinese, that the world knows what is going on no matter how they hide! Naturally, the decision will not change the behavior of Chinese partijaca, like any awards Aung San Suu Kyi has not stopped her in prison, much less changed the behavior of the Burmese regime. Changes in political life in China will occur when the party is forced to realize as well that the economy can not continue. If the Nobel Peace Prize in the beginning this time, the role is filled!
 