At the time of many &quot;modern myths&quot; that exist, here we present only the facts related to Israel and Palestine, based on the report of the UN and NGOs in the field, including the Israeli groups that fight for human rights. Myth: Israel is a country which adheres to the law, and Israel wants to live in peace with its neighbors FACT: In 1948, shortly after the UN gave 56% of Palestinian territory mostly immigrants, minority Jewish population, Jewish forces expelled most of the indigenous people - the Palestinians and the occupied 78% of the land. Until the foundation is destroyed over 400 Palestinian villages so that refugees can not return. 1967th The Israeli forces occupied the rest of Palestine, including Gaza, and to settle in these areas, contrary to the Fourth Geneva Convention. 2002nd year Israel began building a 400 mile long wall, mostly on Palestinian land, thus depriving the little territory that remains Palestinian from the West Bank.
 Population in the West Bank was isolated in ghettos like enclaves, surrounded by Israeli military and illegal settlements. There are many methods used for the persecution of Palestinians from their homes in East Jerusalem, which Israel aneksirao, again in contravention of international law. Israel has violated over 60 UN resolutions, which call for the return of refugees, the withdrawal of settlers, the dismantling of the wall and the abolition of the siege of Gaza. Myth: Israeli security prior to its Arab neighbors Truth: Egypt and Jordan have diplomatic relations and trade agreements with Israel. Lebanon and Syria have, since Israel still holds under the occupation of their territories. However, on several occasions the Arab League offered Israel normalization of relations in exchange for održljivu Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza. Israel has refused. Myth: Israel withdrew settlers and troops from Gaza in 2005, but the Palestinians have rejected the peace and simply intensified attacks Truth: 8000 Israel withdrew its settlers from Gaza after 38 years of occupation - but was immediately sent more than 30,000 people in illegal settlements in the West coast (which now number more than 450,000 immigrants).
 At the same time, were set up checkpoints and an embargo on all entry points into the Gaza Strip, which prevents the functioning of the local economy. Over the next two years, after the withdrawal, Israel has fired some 16,000 artillery shells into Gaza, killing 120 men, women and children and made great material damage. Myth: Israel has for years suffered horrific attacks carried out with thousands of rockets fired from Gaza Truth: The first Qassam homemade rockets being fired across the Israeli border in October 2001. , where the first deaths occurred in March 2007. From Qassam rockets (up to November 2008.) Killed 13 Israelis. In contrast, between September 2000. and the end of November 2008. nearly 5,000 Palestinians were killed, more than half of Gaza. Rockets in last year reached more distant targets, but in a military sense, they are insignificant in comparison to the firepower of U.S. F-16 aircraft, Apache combat helicopters, Merkava tanks and naval destroyers, with which Israel has.
 Hamas said that the rockets were retaliation not only for the many deaths caused by Israel in Gaza and the West Bank, but also for the continued occupation and confiscation of Palestinian land. Hamas says it will in this way to end the occupation, just as Israel was forced to end the occupation of southern Lebanon because Hizbollah&#39;s resistance. Myth: Hamas broke a cease-fire, sparking the Israeli invasion and bombing of Gaza&#39;s Truth: In November 2008, during the six-month truce, the Israeli army killed 14 Palestinians, and tightened the siege of Gaza is over. In retaliation, Qassam rockets were fired at the Negev, causing no loss in the Israeli side. Israeli spokesmen have acknowledged that the attacks on Gaza planned eight months - before the truce. It is clear that the ceasefire agreement entered with no intention to respect it. Myth: Hamas is an illegal terrorist organization focused on the destruction of Israel. There is no possibility of negotiations with Israel, Hamas truth: Hamas is a nationalist, Islamist organization that is composed of political parties, the military wing, which for years was largely responsible for the maintenance of hospitals and schools in a situation of military occupation.
 Even secular Palestinians were regarded as effective and uncorrupted. When they came to power, offered to Israel ten years truce, during which time negotiations. Israel has refused, and went on to quote an earlier program that Hamas has called for the return of Palestinian land and property. Myth: Hamas took power in Gaza after the coup in June 2007, the government zbacivši legitimate government led by Mahmoud Abbas Truth: Hamas won the 2006 elections. year, which international observers deemed free and fair, and formed a national unity government in which representatives from Fatah and other parties offered a ministerial post. However, in June 2006. Israeli soldiers are suddenly abducted tenth of Hamas ministers and parliamentarians and to close them, while the United States and other Western governments in Israel have provided support for Israel and refused to recognize or negotiate with Hamas. Israel and the U.S. are encouraged to carry out attacks Fatah in Gaza, but Hamas is forestalled in June 2007.
 Mahmoud Abbas was elected president of the Palestinian people, but his party, Fatah, has no mandate. Myth: Israel is always trying to minimize civilian casualties - Hamas targets only truth: Israel has the most advanced technical weapons in the world, with the exception of the United States. His computerized unmanned aircraft (sold by the UK) sent back highly detailed information on each square meter in the Gaza Strip. However, hundreds of civilians were killed and wounded, and power plants, clinics, schools and hospitals destroyed. Myth: Any nation is faced with a missile or bomb attacks responded to the massive armed attack FACT: Over the years, the United Kingdom has experienced a lot of terrorist attacks by the IRA, with many more deaths than what Israel has suffered. However, he never resorted to bombing civilian targets and infrastructure, but also to peace come through patient negotiations.
 Myth: Hamas used Gaza as a citizens &#39;human shields&#39; Truth: The Gaza Strip is one of the most densely populated areas in the world, with 1.5 million inhabitants in an area of about 25 miles long and 5 miles wide. There is no cave or forest to hide - there are just urban areas. Myth: Israel is the benefit of the people of Gaza in the heart of Truth: From June 2007. Israel has isolated the Gaza Strip from the rest of the world, so it is almost impossible to enter or leave, import or export goods. Patients who were previously able to leave Gaza to seek medical treatment in the last year have not been able to because of Israeli blockades, and dozens of patients died. Myth: People in Gaza do not really suffer - that&#39;s an exaggeration, which is used for propaganda purposes Truth: John Ging, director of the UN refugee agency in Gaza, Professor Richard Falk, UN Special Rapporteur for the occupied territories and representatives of Oxfam and other international organizations have reacted angrily to the Israeli claims.
 Have been following the situation and appealed to the worsening situation in Gaza and the people are well familiar with the situation on the ground so there is no doubt in their statements. Myth: People who criticize Israel are antisemite Truth: Being antisemista is racist to refer to the Jews. But many Jews, even Israelis, were very critical of Israeli policy. The policy of ethnic cleansing and seizure of land is deeply rooted in Zionism and the belief that Jews have the exclusive right to Palestine. Being anticionista means to confront this ideology, and such thinking. But Israel uses anti-Semitism as an argument to ućutkao people. Source: www.redpepper.org.uk Translation and processing: IslamBosna.ba Add this article to your favorite online community
 