War Criminal Mladic is still waiting for &#39;billing&#39; account of the crime in Srebrenica / Josko Ponoš / Getty While the official Sarajevo insists that the Hague Tribunal after the closure of the archives came to the capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Croatia have held that this material should remain in The Hague RETURN ZDRAVKA SOLDIĆ-Arar Start a two-day International Conference on heritage of the Hague tribunal, which is held in The Hague and which was moderated by the Chief Prosecutor Serge Brammertz, has been overshadowed by the simultaneous search the house&#39;s most wanted war criminal Ratko Mladic. While the media speculated widely on the amount of money found in his house in the village beogradskome Banovo hill, in The Hague to discuss the location at which to place the complete archival holdings resulting from the work of this Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, when the Tribunal closes. The official position of Bosnia and Herzegovina at this conference conveyed the chief prosecutor Milorad Barašin who advocated the placement of the Hague archives in Bosnia, arguing that the proposal is the attitude that &quot;just happened in Bosnia and the largest number of crimes is most logical that the documentation of these crimes archives in BiH &quot;.
 Serbian war crimes prosecutor Vladimir Vukcevic, Serbia presented a position &quot;to archive the Hague tribunal in The Hague should remain or be placed in a neutral country and so is available to everyone.&quot; - Our attitude is that the archives, which hold a large number of confidential documents that were submitted by countries of the former Yugoslavia Tribunal, do not go to the region - highlighted the Vukcevic. Legacy of Croatian Justice Minister Ivan Simonovic of the opinion that the ICTY Archives should remain in The Hague after the completion of the Tribunal. Upon completion of the Hague tribunal, whose mandate is nearing its end, a number of questions remain open, unless the Tribunal issues archive, the debate about control over the execution of prison sentences, witness protection program and the issue of parole, convicted for war crimes. Under the legacy of the Tribunal and the Hague tribunal, in a broader context refers to what the court will give &quot;successors&quot; and consists of the conclusions contained in the judgments of the Tribunal, documents and archives, his contribution to the development of international law, rule of law in the former Yugoslavia ... Tribunal President Patrick Robinson said at the conference that the countries of former Yugoslavia should not only continue the work of this Tribunal in its domestic legislation, but also have full access to all public information that the court could use them in the future.
 Excellent ratings Speaker of the Croatian Helsinki Committee, Ivan Zvonimir Cicak the debate has been argued, addressing the representatives of the Tribunal, that the court failed to &quot;break the wall&quot; to the nations of the former Yugoslavia. - Ninety percent of people in the former Yugoslavia you experienced as a cudgel, as an enemy and a necessary evil that must be tolerated - Cicak said. Hague conference attended by representatives of associations of war victims in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Their claim is that the Tribunal should continue to work until prosecute the most responsible for war crimes, such as Ratko Mladic, and insist on placing the archives in Sarajevo. - We understand why the representatives of Serbia does not want to archive the Hague, after the tribunal, moved to Sarajevo. It is clear that one of us want to hide the number of documents that prove the genocide in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Serbia&#39;s role in these crimes. And in the interim, Slobodan Milosevic, the prosecution intends to prove genocide in ten municipalities, not only in Srebrenica.
 On the role of Serbia in the war in Bosnia and documents testify to the General Staff of the Army of Serbia, Ratko Mladic, who are of ethnic cleansing given grade - excellent - Basečić said Baqir, president of the Association of Women-Victims of War. &quot; CALL Arrest Ratko Mladic, the conference attendance of victims of war were used for a separate meeting with Brammertz. President of the Association of Camp Inmates of Bosnia and Herzegovina Murat Tahirovic for &#39;free&#39; points out that they Brammertz vowed that Serbia would not get a positive assessment of cooperation with the tribunal in June by then not deliver Ratko Mladic. The fact that they received a positive assessment of cooperation at the end of last year Brammertz arguments supporting democratic forces in Serbia, by stimulating the opening of the European path if the arrest the remaining war criminals.
 