Did you know that the North&#39;s ruling party held a meeting, the first after more than 30 years! What is so dramatic happens in this world for zakovanoj country that are members of the elected leadership together in Pyongyang? Is the beloved leader Kim Jong-ilo worsened health, whether the new guidelines in place for securing the future of North Koreans or the suspects should be cut away from their own ranks? The latter is not conceivable, because every member, said to be so thoroughly monitored and managed simply no room to turn. Those who make mistakes, anyway be immediately eliminated and can not even create the problem of Korean Workers&#39; Party, as it is called hope and a guarantee that the policy in that country does not change and will not change any time soon. The reforms are already in the steady leadership of the invention which are not given any attention, as in the rest of any other ideas that come from beyond their borders.
 Regardless of whether it is about peace, nuclear weapons, relations with neighbors, the great leaders, past and present, have an identical point of view: let them talk, we know best what we need and how to achieve it! It is no wonder that Kim Jong-il does not appear at the podium of the UN when it opens the autumn session of the General Assembly. Most politicians considered it his duty, a special honor, and most of the diplomatic work that simply must be done. This is evident by the presence in the hall and interest in what the booth says. In general, how many countries, so many different issues and problems. Basically a list of desires, failure, request. View only the last ten years and after that session the conclusions of the meetings of the Security Council, it is evident that the world organization has moved away from collecting these lists, archiving and waiting to, well, something positive happens by itself! Too many interests and too little common will for fundamental change.
 So, the scenario is repeated from year to year, as well as lamenting that &quot;something&quot; has to do with the UN, some reforms to the organization more effective and suit the challenges of the time! A phrase that is so endemic that there are few who, when put to paper, I really expected to happen. A leader who could not come at the UN, and even less is their thinking &quot;foreigners&quot;, the president of North Korea&#39;s Kim Jong-il. He does not care what others think, and what he has to say, had all learned by now well-established propaganda machinery. Because when someone has nuclear weapons, then it has been in a listen! The world revolves around him, and he ... Well, it is argued, decided to succeed. They had come such a time that it simply has to: a disease. The decision fell to his youngest son, Kim Jong-una. It are at the present session of the party&#39;s bestowal senior positions in the army and party. Signal that he is the one who will be the next leader&#39;s favorite.
 The story does not stop there: he is young, inexperienced and needs a tutor. Who will it be also speculated. From the circle of powerful cube has fallen to her husband, sister Kim Jong-il, Chang Song-taek. Old enough, experienced enough, confident enough to entrust his young successor, in order not to turn reforms and ruined so many years of work and the work of his grandfather and father. All these are immediately iščitali many analysts, experts in the situation in North Korea, dissidents and others. The closest are in Seoul. Truth about the accuracy of such forecast is best articulated by an expert in propaganda, Brian Myers from the University DONGSEO in South Korea: North Korea&#39;s chances Raznorazni dissidents know what is going on, just as likely as a teacher of English in a bar in Iteawonu (Seoul) knows what Obama said to closed session of his cabinet last week! Whose only certain that no Sjevernokorejci, nor the world should not be almost expected, no matter who pulled the strings in Pyongyang, the changes that will positively affect the behavior of a country that possesses nuclear weapons.
 