Of course, one of the logical questions that arises is whether the public believes that there is a collective responsibility of the Islamic community in the U.S. for such a terrible crime and a correlation between the average American Muslims or Muslims in general - with those terrorists who have declared their death naplatitili lives of thousands of innocent Americans . The answer is - of course, that such responsibility does not exist, but of course, that does not mean that the American subconscious Muslims as a whole is not perceived as responsible, and even looking at them and continued still the current threats. American Muslims have suffered the fate of Japanese American during World War II, which does not mean that many people had or still have a lot of embarrassment just because of your name, or indirect association with those who are the real threat. Is Ground Zero where the Muslims had to walk on his toes? Is Auschwitz a place where the Germans had to suspend his breath? Jasenovac was the place where the Croats should bow our heads? Certainly, if they intimately feel, but it&#39;s not their obligation.
 Some point out examples, as when the Catholic priests had to abandon their presence and prayers at Treblinka, as far as their motives were correct. This is probably one of the many reasons why the Croatian Catholic Church took a half-century for a symbolic move in Jasenovac. Sufficient reason was that their mere presence, justified or not, rational or irrational, completely, anyway - could upset the families of some victims. The cross emerged from the ruins of the World Trade Center. The crime was committed in the name of Islam, but is sought to Islam? Can members of a religious community to impose collective guilt? There are prozaičnijih examples - of building a commercial tower that looked at the scene of bloody battle of Gettysburg is dropped, so as not to impair the dignity of American sacred places that should remain undisturbed by any current controversies. How is it possible to maintain the dignity of the place of the destroyed World Trade Center towers in New York City in the middle of an asphalt jungle, it&#39;s hard to say, but obviously he was most disturbed, but these discussions.
 On behalf of the victims, it would be best if such a painful public debate could be avoided altogether, it would be best that New York&#39;s Islamic community in the know predict what will be degenerate (although New York has a lot to those who claim that they did exactly because they know what will happen!), and that he looked less contentious address to a hundred and a New York mosque in a row, and not just in the vicinity of Ground Zero, which for most Americans the true holy place, which should be spared such a controversy . If two blocks away from Ground Zero can build a church, synagogue, or a bank - can and mosques. If it is different, we know that fear is once again defeated. However, in the name of the living, now might be too late to retreat, because American Muslims could be caught in the trap of eternal apology for something that collective responsibility does not and should not be. New York Muslims go wrong in choosing your new place of worship, intentional or not isprovociravši nasty reaction, but now it&#39;s probably already too late to retreat, because they can not voluntarily put themselves in the position of second-class citizens in the socio-quarantine &#39;just&#39; because among members their religious communities of endemic terrorism.
 Barack Hussein Obama, the son of Kenyan Catholics who converted to Islam (from tud middle name), took up the position today may be suitable as the only American president - all U.S. citizens are guaranteed freedom of religion and they in no way should be limited. So, in translation, if two blocks away from Ground Zero can build a church, synagogue, or a bank - can and mosques. If it is different, we know that fear is once again defeated.
 