After the Great Depression of the thirties the U.S. Congress passed the Glass-Steagallov law, to prevent the chaos of the financial system that led to the Great Depression. Twenty years ago, under the leadership of today McCain&#39;s chief economic advisor, Senator Phil Gramma, this law was abolished and banks were again allowed to trade in high-risk financial derivatives. Weekend 11th September 2008. stock market crash of the thirties is repeated. Who does not learn from history, it is history repeating. The sources of these crises are neither so complex, nor were they so nepredividi like us sellers fog with Wall Street wants to persuade. At the bottom of the pyramid is the need of every inhabitant of the United States to realize the American dream and the systematic inability of 90 percent of residents in this part of the past three decades of stagnating wages. In the hiatus of the vendors saw their chance of fog: Let the poor offer to buy the house, when the houses are expensive.
 We give them loans at very low interest first few years of them will be required to pay only interest. After five years, everyone will be bought by the house, so it will be less demand and house prices will fall and interest rates on loans to buy houses will grow. E, will then perform a change of terms of loans given to the poor: you will pay the market interest, plus principal. Sellers fog may have occurred to me that people can and stop paying, they will not have from where, but we are not talking. Aggressively sold these loans (pay-option adjustable rate mortgages), minorities, immigrants and low income people, giving bonuses to agents with connections and influence in these communities, to sell this garbage from the product. In Reno thousands of people living in tents in the middle of the pyramid is expensive educated eloquence sellers fog: debt poor they are packaged in products with names that no one really understands the intent to sell such shares.
 Bank, which issued the loans, so are exempt from direct risk if people stop to pay off their house. The risk assumed buyers of complex financial derivatives. Based on projections of future revenue (when interest rates rise and when they shall have to begin repaying the principal) value of these derivatives has grown. Large financial institutions have used them as cover for their own investment in the economy. At one point, interest rates have actually risen, and people had to start repaying the principal: in some cases, their monthly payment has risen five times, and they could not repay, and they stopped paying, and other banks are owned by their respective, now less valuable, house. Securities that are on their regular repaying depended, lost their value, and investments that have used them as cover, they have become worthless. At the top of the pyramid is the greed of a minority Pontiff capitalism.
 Their earnings were tied to short-term success in the market: the reward system favors those who, in the shortest time in the highest profit, without concern for the future. They still do not require repayment to the poor house - which would indirectly restore the value of securities, and people would keep the house. They require the state to buy back the securities at a price greater than the real, in order to lessen their loss. Otherwise, blackmail state, they will not be able to give any more loans, and loans without the economy will stop. And where the money went in the last five years when the bank year after year published record profits while people have paid off their loans? Wall Street has its share fighter 62 billion U.S. dollars in bonuses. What they are not required to return the money? Let those who have profited in the last five years to sell their mansions, yachts, airplanes, horses, Rembrandt, diamonds, and they&#39;re all the pit, and frowned nahrdali, and thus cover the losses.
 Washington Mutual Bank lost 90 percent of its value before it was sold to JP Morgan Chase Bank, which will swallow up their $ 30 billion loss. Wa-Mu was a champion of giving loans to anyone. On the eve of bankruptcy I received another offer for their credit card (they already have two). The idea is that people incur debt and live off the interest. The assumption is that people will pay out of fear. The assumption is wrong. Why should I pay while the rich are stealing? In the meantime, director of Wa-Mu will receive 11 million U.S. dollars of severance pay, in addition to 7.5 million bonus he signed three weeks ago that he wanted to become head of the same bank. 18 million U.S. dollars for three weeks. So what is it so useful for mankind made that wages earned one million dollars a day? Where does this money come from? American capitalism is communism for the rich and slavery for the poor. The profits of the rich have their private and their losses are socialized laws.
 The upper one percent of the population earns as much as 90 percent lower. Great managers are earning 344 more than the average citizen, and some of the financial magicians of Wall Street have earned up to 19 000 times more than average. The financial sector is a powerful minority which held 30 percent of the U.S. economy in his hands, and for years has opposed any regulation of their shady games with other people&#39;s money. Self fix the tax breaks that cost us all of the other 20 billion dollars a year, so they could thrive on losing our money. The most significant hole in the Tax Code is that corporations pay their executives to give them the right to buy in the future a large number of shares at a fixed price in advance - to be to buy shares at a discount, if the price increases (if the price drops, you have to buy anything) - to motivate managers to gamble with the money the corporation to achieve the higher growth stocks in a short period in order to withdraw more money than the difference between the actual stock price and the price at which it is the board of their pre-sold.
 As if that was not enough theft, the law allows corporations a double standard in accounting: in his books (on the basis of which receive loans) are treated as cost of these shares at a price of their shares, which have a day when they were approved by its director, and the tax shown the cost of the (usually much higher) price on the day when the director took over - a pure scam, and it is the law. In recent months davnaest bank crash as a house of cards. Ie, 30 percent of the U.S. economy have become 15 percent. First, the UBS registered losses due to securities based on bad loans. Then the same led to the collapse of Bear Sterns - one of five huge Wall Street investment banks - who had to sell JP Morgan Chase for a mere 10 percent of its value. Chase and Citigroup have registered losses in the billions. Indy Bank in California went bankrupt overnight. Washington Mutual Bank bought Chase, also over a Wachovia Bank in the course of this writing, struggling Citigroup and Wels Fargo Bank.
 Another investment bank Merryl Lynch collapsed and was bought by the biggest U.S. bank Bank of America. Third, Lehman Brothers was left to bankrupt after 158 years of existence is the amount of capital controlled by the equivalent of the gross national product of India. Quasigovernmental giants, which purchase loans from banks for homeowners, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae lost 98 percent of its value and had to be nationalized. The state is odriješila bag for a hundred billion. The Bush administration, a great opponent of regulation of the private sector had to resort to socialism, and so to nationalize the largest American insurance company AIG, which has lost 82 percent of their value, with 85 billion dollars by becoming the owner of 80 percent shares of the company. Bush had to admit that the free market does not work and certain types of trading are prohibited. The two remaining investment banks Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have given up their status and have become a normal bank subject to greater regulation.
 Partial rescue of some banks did not, however, saved the economy and the Bush administration got the idea to simply buy the worthless paper for about $ 700 billion - $ 2300 per capita. Money, however, no one has, not even the Federal Reserve Bank (which has landed 185 billion for AIG and Freddie and Fannie) and the Finance Secretary Paulson (a former director of Goldman Sachs) and Federal Reserve chief Bernanke had to go to seek approval from Congress. Now that people can not pay the loans, on which banks borrow money and sell complex financial derivatives, where these loans have a guarantee, the government does not intend to help people repay loans, but banks to cover losses resulting from bankruptcy of small homeowners. It is immoral and therefore could not possibly pass in Congress in the midst of election season. Paulson has even knelt in front of Nancy Pelosi, leader of the Democrats in Congress, would not give him the hunt for beautiful eyes: legal measures, namely, it is anticipated that he would in his providence - without supervision - on properly and fairly distribute the money.
 But in the end are not Democrats, but Republicans, members of Bush&#39;s party, buried unpopular legislative action in Congress. After 2 / 3 of Republicans voted against and 2 / 3 of Democrats, Republican Party leaders are ready to accuse the Democrats of irresponsibly playing with the destiny of the country, in the style of those fables of the wolf and goat at a creek where the wolf is upstream from the goats, and She argues that it blurs the water. Wall Street has lost 1200 billion in the same day. Two days later the Senate obligingly approved the measure, although there are senators who are well aware of the substantial injustice to which the same is based. Particularly interesting is that the measure is approved only when it involved in a variety of other, unrelated, measures, increasing its cost of completion of the $ 150 billion. And still nobody has said how and where will you get money: it leaves the future administration to resolve, de facto, and thus raising the high U.S. external debt and a market deficit, and the same burden on future generations of Americans.
 In other words - because of Bush&#39;s policies poltike and future president is going to suffer, burdened with debt and unable to implement its programs, the U.S. will remain the only western democracy without health insurance for all its citizens, dependent on foreign oil, due to the inability to invest in development and innovation. Once America was a country of innovation, and New York, with its bridges, skyscrapers and underground - eighty years ago - was a symbol of innovation: today only as innovative in New York comes a new way to get people to fraudulently take money. Presidential candidates have approached the issue cautiously. Several days were hung as a cat about the bush around their bases, trying to feel the pulse. On the one hand they could be for, since most of the people against it, and could not be, nor against, because the risk of responsibility for the destruction of the economy simply too high.
 So it was during the debate in Mississippi manager Jim Lehrer had to repeatedly ask the same question: Are you for or against. McCain, who only recently agreed to realize that the economy is basically in crisis, in the end, that he was, and Obama, who has two years to states, has successfully avoided a clear answer, but he voted for the explanation is too long. His Vice Presidential candidate, Biden also voted for, and Sarah Palin, since it is not a senator, could you let a populist attack on grasping usurers Wall Street during the only vice-presidential debate. After the Senate and Congress has caved. Banks were also rescued. No, and people. People continue to lose their home and employment (159 thousand in September) and become homeless, without medical assistance. This is America today.
 