Photo: missworld.com this Saturday in China is elected the new Miss World. For the title of most beautiful women in the world, you fight for something less than 120 contestants. Every girl has something How does points out, and they all have in common, and the beauty you desire for the crown. How would you be able to choose their favorite among the beautiful girls, I present to you the eight contestants for Miss World. Miss Cape Verde Islands Cape Verde Islands representative named Joselin Dos Sautos Fontes Roche, and has 23 years. Joselin is 174 centimeters tall, and speaks five foreign languages. He studied journalism, and it deals with relations with the public. One day you wanted to be at the head of an Important medium term in their country. It deals with reading, swimming, and monitors and theatrical performances. Her motto is to always be happy. He likes to listen to pop, rock and jazz, a happy reader romantic novels, as well as professional themes of the book. Her fondest memory is the day when he first played in the theater.
 Describes himself as a beloved, happy, intelligent and friendly person. He likes to eat lasagna and spaghetti. Has a dog. She is talented in acting, and one day wants to be a good journalist. His country was described as a small, but full of nice people. Miss Cayman Islands Miss Cayman Islands, Cristin Joy Alexander, also has 23 years, and her amazing 182 inches. He speaks English and Spanish. Recently, a degree in psychology and works in the public service you would. ¾ enjoys volleyball, cooking, music and your health. ® living her motto is that every day you live in December as the last. &quot;I listen to jazz and to you I enjoy the books, Jackie Collins,&quot; she said about their artistic preferences. Her proudest day in the life was when the competition in volleyball listened to their national anthem. &quot;I&#39;m very humble person, and at the same time I&#39;m happy and a real adventurer. Also I have a sense of humor,&quot; said Cristin about yourself. He likes to eat all types of food, and there Puss as a pet.
 ® wants to finish the master&#39;s degree in forensic psychology. He loves to sing, dance and play volleyball. &quot;Cayman Islands are a wonderful place because people are very kind. We have the most beautiful places in the world for diving,&quot; said the beauty of their country. For the end is revealed to want raises awareness about cancer in the society of his country, because he lost his father due to this vicious disease. Next Miss China representative sti ¾ e to us from China. Xiao Tang has 23 years, and is 176 centimeters tall. He speaks two foreign languages. He recently graduated from linguistics and literary ¾ literature. ¾ enjoys reading, writing and art. ® living her motto is that God helps those who will assist you in yourself. &quot;In you I enjoy the different types of music and books. I would describe myself as a mix of fire and water. I am calm and quiet outside, passionate, and warm inside,&quot; she said to herself. He loves to eat fruit and all kinds of healthy foods. Her ambition is to become famous for some kind of arts and humanitarian work.
 &quot;We design, write, photograph, and arrangement ¾ iram flowers,&quot; she said about herself. For China, said that one of the oldest civilizations in the world. &quot;My country is amazing, it may be you operate in a variety of foods, cultures and provinces,&quot; concluded a beautiful Chinese woman. Miss Taiwan Miss Taiwan is called Paula Wu, and speaks three languages fluently. High is 170 inches, and has nineteen years. She was born in Los Angeles, where he studied at UCLA. The ambitious girl student of the medicine. Miss Colombia Beautiful Laura Restrepo Palacio comes from Colombia, and has 23 years. Is 174 centimeters high, and speaks two languages. Ambassador of the UN, she graduated from fashion design and wants to become a renowned designer. Engaged in rafting, you in her bike, cherry, watching movies and listening to music. &quot;If you have persistently and with all my heart for doing something you do, all dreams can be realized,&quot; revealed the Laura you living your motto.
 He likes to listen to Colombian music, especially Shakira, and reader professional literature. &quot;The day I became the ambassador of the UN that would assist the cessation of human trafficking is most proud of in my Life,&quot; said Laura. It is considered sensitive and solidarity ¾ particular with strong principles. He loves to share with family and friends. As Miss China, and Laura likes to eat healthy foods. Would like to become the first Colombian who will bring the Miss World title. It is believed that her country is full of diversity, beautiful nature and loving, hard-working people. Miss Costa Rica Costa Rica&#39;s representative called it Aguilera Dayana has 19 years, is 174 centimeters tall, and speaks three foreign languages. For the second year of college, obo ¾ ava dance and play soccer and volleyball. Hopes to one day start my own business. Her motto is that you live in the present. Proudest day in the life for her was when he won the first Costa Rica Feminized president.
 &quot;I believe in self-esteem, love, hope and miracles,&quot; she said about herself. He loves seafood and cakes, and has two dogs. &quot;® I want to be a true professional and the best in the business. My hobbies are dancing and singing,&quot; she discovered. For their country to ¾ that is amazing. Miss Ivory Coast representative of the Ivory Coast is 21 years old, his name is Stephanie Amoin Ines Da Silva Batista. High is 180 inches and speaks French. Student of the economy and believes that it is a special talent to the well-cooked. He loves listening to music, dance and exercise ¾ bati. He loves the music of their country. &quot;I am generous, peaceful and worth&quot;, she described herself beautiful Ines. She loved to engage in international trade and will work very much to succeed. For his country, said that it is home of Didier Drogba. Miss Croatian now have our representative, 21-year-old Katherine Baniæ, 181 centimeters tall, and speaks three foreign languages. Katherine is studying mechanical engineering in Split and believes that her special talents of drawing and designing.
 She stated that there are more kuænih welcome. So there are dogs, chickens, cows and pigs. Engaged in aerobics, volleyball and writing stories. &quot;Believe in the moment because just one moment may change everything,&quot; said Katherine on his ¾-life motto. Listens to all kinds of music and worship ¾ classical states. Proudest of the life she was on his grandfather when he recovered from illness. &quot;I am a person who has a smile for everyone. I believe in myself and I know that I will help my family,&quot; revealed himself to Katherine. Grandma loves to eat bread and cheese. ® wants to finish college and work with people. &quot;What to you about our most beautiful country? Many do not know, but the best is my hometown. I may be described, it will be seen,&quot; praised Katarina Croatia and Trilj. For the end is revealed as a great worship ¾ avateljica football. Share
 