This is the period when the cheese up in the market. Price varies from 150 per kilogram, and in some shopping malls and much more, his restaurant, the price does not fall below 200 kuna per kilogram. Big Pag cheesemakers say they are not afraid of world crisis period when many potential customers very much falling purchasing power. Four dairy agree to sell the local cheese, maybe not as good as last year, but if you keep a small amount, they will not even be bad this year. We should not forget that the milking sheep, and the process of expanding on Pag started from January, and the largest milking season started since March, when he finished lambing. Pag cheese from the production process to sales will be at least 40 days to mature and finally gets a beautiful golden color and a wonderful and unique taste, of course, and a unique quality. Precisely in that order of creation cheese from last month, started the great delicacies of the season in winning the market.
 It should be recalled that on the island of Pag Pag cheese produced four large dairy: sirana Pag - Pag, small dairies - Sirena - Kolan, MCOM - Pag dairies and MIH - Kolan. Until last year, the dairy in the season produced about 200 tons of cheese, which is about 50 percent of the island&#39;s production. According to the evident data of the Croatian agricultural agencies, the Pag sheep are dealing with around 550 growers, of which about 100 milking sheep do not already hold only for the breeding and sale of lambs, while they sell milk 450 sheep one of the island&#39;s dairies, and of that number about 300 farmers spread over two months of the season. It also says that a large Pag cheesemakers produce in turn only slightly higher amounts of cheese than in previous years, a season to spread until the end of June, only to eventually be known somewhat accurate production of cheese of Pag. Large orders are on the market by nearly all shopping malls selling local cheese dairy island.
 John Gligora, owner of dairy Little Mermaid in Kolan, says that annually produces about 50 tons of cheese. Placing it on the Croatian market and sell almost anything. - We have a large order, and thus secured the market. As the years local cheese we sell to the last crumb. That, to us at this moment the most important is that our dairies is in the process of obtaining an output number, so we expect to soon our local cheese sold in the EU and other countries in the world, said Gligora. The famous cheese producer, winner of numerous international awards for producing cheese built a new dairy operation in his native place. It is difficult investment around 3 million euros. New dairies stretches about 1,800 square feet in three floors. It has a basement with a maturation of cheese, then the ground floor where the main technological process, the production of cheeses and first floor with office facilities and an attractive tasting cheese.
 The Pag Pag dairies the largest producer of cheese, and it annually produces about 100 tons. - Our cheese is on the EU market and Croatian. Since this period of crisis and recession, you can feel the slight drop in sales, only 1 to 2 percent compared with last year. However, we believe that all of the quantity sold, because despite the high price of cheese, many known for its high quality and uniqueness, &quot;said Anthony Oštarić, technical director of the Pag cheese dairy. It is important to say that local cheese produced in the Pag stalagmites from August last year, the designation of the output, which means that this delicacy is exported to countries in Europe. Larger quantities of cheese, but have found themselves in the market in Austria, Slovenia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Czech Republic and other EU countries. - At this time we are working on conquering the market in Russia. Since the country&#39;s big competition cheeses from all over the world, we are trying to reach customers to make them acquainted with our unique cheese, said Oštarić.
 According to a large cheese producers, and of course because of the large investments in production, they found a trading place in the sun and, as they say, are convinced that it will sell its local cheese. What at this point is in the air, so how will the market manage small local cheese producers that produce the so-called traditional way. on hand. Many of them say that they produce smaller amounts of cheese than in previous years. Larger smaller sheep milk cheese producer selling a dairy on the island of Pag, as point of sales of milk have a secure income. Author: Alenka Festini
 