NEW YORK - While U.S. officials in public appearances were relatively optimistic about the progress in disrupting terrorist financing networks, an internal State Department document, which Wikileaks publishes give a pessimistic picture, writes The New York Times on Monday. Confidential Memorandum of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ... ... from December 2009. year, according to the residents of Saudi Arabia and its neighbors, all allies of the United States, the main financiers of many extremist activities. - The challenge is to convince Saudi officials that the threat of terrorist financing in Saudi Arabia are treated as a strategic priority, writes the document in which it concludes that donors from these countries constitute &quot;the most significant source of funding for Sunni terrorist groups in the world.&quot; A similar picture providing dispatches from the United Arab Emirates (which is called &quot;strategically empty space&quot;), Qatar (&quot;the worst in the region&quot; in the fight against terrorism) and Kuwait (&quot;key transit point&quot;).
 The document also stresses the need to &quot;initiate the necessary political will&quot; to block money for the terrorist network. American diplomats openly assess the threat posed by the United States is the money that flows militant Al-Qaeda, Taliban, Hamas, Lashkar-e-Taiba and other organizations. In the dispatches given catalog of methods used to finance terrorists - from bank robberies in Yemen over the kidnapping in order to purchase the drug trade in Afghanistan, the regular pilgrimage, where huge amounts of money passing from hand to hand. - Terrorists avoid control transfers of money by submitting it below the amount that must be reported, according to a recent dispatch. They are used also reliable couriers in the so-called system of &quot;halal&quot;, then, the Islamic charitable organization, and increasingly mobile banking, prepaid cards and internet. U.S. officials seem to have a unique position when it comes to funding the group around Osama bin Laden, leader of Al Qaeda.
 The dispatch addressed to Richard Holbrooke, Special Representative for Afghanistan and Pakistan, states that &quot;sensitive reports say that the ability of Al-Qaida to raise money significantly deteriorated.&quot; In other messages, however, that the organization can easily raise money from wealthy individuals and supporters from the Middle East. (Vijesti.ba / Fena)
 