20th August 1940th, while the second raged World War II, Brother Roger arrived to the village of Taizé, with the idea of establishing the community. He died on 16 August 2005., as the victim of a pathological Eina Vecernje young women during prayer. Because he did not want too much talk in the church, the Community of Taizé was marked by a double anniversary - 70 years since its foundation in the five years since the death of the founders - a simple hodoèašæem uveèer Saturday, 14 August. A celebration - Messaging church leader - Photos. As each month this year, a brief interview with his brother Roger was published on-line. For August: &quot;What we did not know&quot; visitors this summer, each week this summer, several thousand young people continued to gather in Taizé. From Sweden to Portugal, from Russia to Malta: all the European countries represented. In addition, the presence of volunteers from Africa, Asia and America greatly strengthens the international character of the meeting. Accompanied by a group of young people or coming in person to visit the Community of Taizé has recently been a lot of church leader.
 Among them, Msgr. Eteroviæa from Rome, and Msgr. Duro Hraniæ who led a large group of young people from Slavonia, and the Archbishop of Dublin, Poznan, Dijon, and bishops from England, Belgium, France and Rwanda, several Anglican bishops including the Archbishop of York, John Sentamua, Lutheran pastors from Sweden, Orthodox monks from Ukraine and more than twenty priests from China. The regular meeting of the echoes in Taizé ahead of the meeting in Sarajevo in late July and early August are the three various groups of young people from Bosnia and Herzegovina were in Taizé. During their stay, they were deeply touched to meet with young people from many different countries. Now they are eager to open the doors of their homes to young people who will come to Sarajevo in early September They explained to them why the meeting was so important. Nemanja said: &quot;We hope that many will come kršæana, so that together we can contribute to the revival of the spirit of multiethnic Sarajevo who always gave such a charm.&quot; Because it&#39;s gonna be a sports hall in Sarajevo turned into a place for prayer at the meeting, buses who are returning from Taizé in Bosnia were an excellent opportunity for the transport of necessary materials.
 Traveling by bus organized from Slovenia, Italy, Hungary and Polish. Young people from other countries are welcome as participants on these trips: Information - Registration for the meeting, until 20 August - Meeting in Sarajevo: 3 - 5 September 2010. Visits and prayers in Austria One of the brothers, described his journey: &quot;Children are lit by one svjeæicu for each invocation, and slowly the crypt of the Franciscan monastery in Telfs illuminated. Tyrol was the last stop six-day trip through different Bundesländer of Austria. This gesture of children was a wonderful sign of hope! Even though sometimes we can be discouraged, a small light shines in the darkness, and children reminds us that the light is transmitted from generation to generation. Many people came that day. In the afternoon, meeting with some of the young people and talk on the biblical theme, later joined us and other people: youth, children, even some on the other side of the border from Italy ... &quot;.
 Some thoughts on the European meeting in Rotterdam Raymone (Indonesia), he spent two weeks putujuæi region around Rotterdam to visit the student groups and Kristjan immigrant communities. He writes: &quot;It was zadivljujuæe see so many churches with huge raznolikošæu cultures and denominations. In a way this reflects the huge variety of beauty and wealth Kristjan tradition. But on the other hand, osjeæao a great sadness when I discovered the fact that many of these churches are still living in the division and separation. Seeds of hope appeared in my mind after visiting some churches and Kristjan student communities in and around Rotterdam. When I announced that will be held in Rotterdam, a large gathering of young kršæana, their reaction was very entuzijastièna ... &quot;European meeting in Rotterdam will take place from 28 December 2010. to 1 January 2011th Taizé and Latin America, History of Taizé in Latin America already is long.
 Begun in February 1958th Brother Roger was in Rome at the beginning of service of Pope John XXIII. And there he met one of the great Latin American Bishop Manuel Larrain, bishop of Talca in Chile. It was the beginning of a great friendship. Through this contact is Roger&#39;s brother discovered the multitude of all sorts of problems through which Latin America is undergoing. 1962nd, Brother Roger had learned that Bishop Larrain currently put into action an idea of which speak for him in Rome: will divide the land owned by his diocese in order to create cooperation of farmers. Brother Roger has collected contributions in Taizé To support this project ... meeting Hodoèašæa confidence in Santiago de Chile will take place from 8 to 12 December 2010. New books, CD&#39;s and DVD&#39;s New 15-minute DVD that presents meetings in Taizé is now available in English, German, French, Italian and Spanish. It is designed especially for groups who plan to come to Taizé.
 Includes a 5-minute bonus on European meetings later this year. It can be viewed online (in English). Several new books were issued in Chinese: &quot;Seek and ye shall find&quot; was published in the People&#39;s Republic of China published by the Faith Press, Hebei; book Jason Santos&#39; Community Called Taizé &quot;was published in the issue of Christian Art Press, Taiwan; songbook to the first contains lyrics to solos on the Chinese and the song was published in the edition of Hong Kong Diocese Sacred Music Commission (translations in this book have been adapted for singing in Cantonese language.) Details and links to distributors Prayer Holy Spirit, prateæi Mary, Mother of Jesus Christ, I see that the reality of God belongs to the modest living of trust in you. With it we can say: &quot;My heart rejoices in God.&quot;
 