While Athens is reluctant to seek help, legal experts warn that it has agreed to help the opposing European treaties. &quot;Financial Rescue Greece bilateral loans of Germany or other EU member states, not in accordance with European agreements,&quot; the study of the Centre for European Policy (CEP). Germany Greece can offer loans only to the conditions prevailing in the market: &quot;Loans for which the policy is determined by a firm interest rate that is below those in the market, a protuzakontu subsidy,&quot; the legal experts of the Centre. The finance ministers of the euro zone agreed that Greece will offer assistance at an interest rate of approximately five percent. However, Germany which is to provide assistance to Greece itself must borrow, it can not provide loans at an interest rate that is predetermined and that stands out from the usual market conditions. Centre for European Policy considers that this method of awarding credits Greece is illegal, especially if Greece was not able to get loans on the market: &quot;In this case, granting loans to Greece is a privilege and special treatment.&quot;
 Barroso notice to assist Greece - unsustainable? Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Barroso Can you keep a promise about GrčkeStručnjaci believe that it is legally untenable announcement by European Commission President Barroso to help Greece was an exception to the prohibition of financial assistance as defined in Article 136 of the Europe Agreements. Article 136 does not justify any loan that Greece received from any member of the Union, because it allows only &quot;measures that are stipulated by the agreement.&quot; This means that member states are not only not authorized to take measures that are not spelled the agreement, but they are strictly forbidden! Help for Greece is in breach not only of European law but also the German legal framework. The foundation is the decision of the German Constitutional Court on the Maastricht Treaty. Providing financial help Greece by Germany or any other member of the European Union would mean a change of Maastricht, it would be as alleged in the German Constitutional Court &quot;abandoned the principle of contractual behavior&quot; if the monetary union ceased to pursue its goal of sustainable development and stability.
 &quot;Athens you must help itself&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: And the euro is caught between the decline in GrčkojZnanstvenici from the Center for European Studies, dismiss plans to rescue Greece for economic reasons. &quot;Such a step weak euro, alleging a breach of discipline, fiscal policy and threatens the independence of the European Central Bank&quot;, the conclusion of the study and added that the best solution that Greece finds herself way out of trouble. Interest Loan Greece will fall if the Athens convince investors that is serious about the reforms, and any assistance the IMF or the euro area in Greece is only a temporary solution anyway. Parliament must stop the government Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Axel Weber, Bundesbank governor But if Merkel and her Finance Minister Schäuble decides to give Greece, legal experts in the CEP believes that it is the decision of the Bundestag deputies to prevent such a loan .
 Because it guarantees that the German government must give credit to the state bank KfW have to be added to the budget for 2010. &quot;That responsibility lies with the German agents to prevent violation of European law. If this does not work, then every German citizen may submit a complaint at the German Constitutional Court in Karlsruhe. Germany&#39;s Central Bank Governor Axel Weber fears that the financial needs of highly indebted Greece could be up to 80 billion euros. This has further worsened the prognosis for Greece on the grounds that the data arriving from Greece, are constantly changing, so it is not to rule out that the financial needs of Mediterranean countries are much higher. Author: Alen Chemistry of Re Brussels. ed: A. Subic
 