Two young men, arrested in the South African authorities in finding the right extremists were blamed for the murder, said chief public prosecutor on Tuesday Ventersdorpu where they were this morning in a tense atmosphere, gathered members of extreme right-wing white and black protesters. They were charged with burglary, murder and attempted theft, said State Attorney George Baloi told reporters. For the murder of Eugene Terre&#39;Blanchea landlords blamed the two agricultural workers, 15-year-old and 28-year-old, who left the courtroom accompanied by cries of black majority approval. Police have deployed a significant number of its people and razvukla barbed wire to prevent clashes between members of the organization with the white Negro demonstrators. Two young men were charged on Saturday beaten to death the leader Afrikanskog Resistance Movement (AWB), a neo-Nazi organization in the early 90-ies of deadly attacks sought to prevent the abolition of apartheid.
 Young men have surrendered themselves to police and said that the murders were committed because they did not want to shoot Terre&#39;Blanche monthly salary. Analysts warn that South African President Jacob Zuma has done everything to prevent an outbreak of racial violence after the murder. Before the zoom is a tough task to reassure white landowners who claim to be against them leads extermination war. Since the abolition of apartheid 3000 the white farmers were killed in that country with one of the highest crime rates in the world. On the other hand Zuma must prove that advocates for the defense of the poorest and their right to a decent life. Terre&#39;Blancheovi followers on Sunday to increase racial tensions and hate speech accused the young leaders of the African National Congress (ANC) Julius Malema who was last month at the rally sang songs from the era of apartheid. The song chorus says &quot;Kill The Tempest&quot; (white landowners in Afrikaans, the language of the descendants of Dutch settlers).
 Zuma has not commented on singing these songs, they would have to condemn, hold political analysts. (REUTERS / metro-portal)
 