&quot;Brussels is the first stop, it is clear. Because we are member states of the European Union, I wonder if it can even say that my visit to this city and also travel abroad, so in 2007. On the question of where as Polish Prime Minister the first to leave said Donald Tusk. This answer is not particularly surprise anyone: 53-year-old Tusk has been and remains a true European. This fact can be primarily on a way to thank the village of his birth - Gdansk (in German - Danzig), whose European and multinational character and the fact that just took place here one of the most important event of the 20th century, influenced him from early on. One of the founders Solidarnisc a Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Gdansk, his hometown Donald TuskaU Gdansk began More World War II, there were communists massacred in 1972 during a protest of one hundred workers, was founded here and solidarity - a movement that is somehow initiated the beginning of the end of the &quot;Iron Curtain&quot;.
 Not to mention that Donald Tusk was one of the first members of this movement. And when it is precisely because of their political engagement, lost his job, he met, as he later often told - &quot;the lowest strata of society&quot; which in any case, given an extra stamp of his later political and social attitudes. When in 1989. The Berlin Wall fell, Donald Tusk is like most other Poles were, he said - &quot;not only genuinely touched and thrilled already.&quot; &quot;We Poles have indeed been moved to tears. In addition, a great pleasure for us was the fact that the things that we started with the movement Solidarnosc, to its happy ending found in other European countries,&quot; said Tusk. The fall of the Wall and opening of the &quot;Iron Curtain&quot; also marked the symbolic beginning of a new political life in Poland. Already 1989th The Tusk founded the Liberal Party, with whom he soon came in the Polish Parliament.
 Its main objectives were already - democracy and the establishment of a free market in Poland. Excellent relations with Angela Merkel Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Angela Merkel and Donald TuskPoslije politically tumultuous 90-ies, Donald Tusk in 2001. he founded a new party, liberal-conservative Civic Platform (PO) is clearly oriented towards Europe. 2005th year they narrowly lost the election of national konzertvativnog Lecha Kczynskog. His time came just two years later. &quot;Now we must focus only on the most important one and that is freedom of every Pole. We will be careful that none of those in power do not harm anyone, and especially to Poland to remain proud and free nation within Europe, &quot;Tusk said on the night of his victory in parliamentary elections. As a newly elected Prime Minister has promised to do everything to Polish relations with its neighbors, primarily with Russia and Germany, and finally improve.
 That is the right way, we could see more of the same year when she first visited the office of chancellor in Berlin. &quot;We both agreed that it is our common task is to become a German-Polish relations at least nearly as good as the relationship between me and Angela Merkel, said after meeting with Chancellor Donald Tusk. Indeed, despite differences of opinion about the German-Russian gas pipeline under the Baltic Sea, as well as disagreements about &quot;the Centre against the expulsion and persecution,&quot; the German-Polish relations, one might say, full of confidence and problems are solved, how many people say - in a pragmatic way. Better relations with Russia Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Polish Prime Minister with the Russian president Donald Tusk and the attitude towards Russia since the Tusk government is becoming more relaxed - for example on how not to testify just call 2010. Vladimir Putin on celebrate the 70-anniversary of the beginning of the Second World War in Gdansk and the joint tour of graves of Polish officers murdered in Katyn, but this improvement could clearly see the behavior of the Russian political leadership after a plane crash in which, apart from President Lech Kczynskog destroyed and almost all Polish political and scientific elites.
 But, despite everything that has been done, for Donald Tusk can not be said that the people of big words. Rather, he operates a modest, thoughtful, quiet. Perhaps precisely for these reasons and because of the willingness for dialogue no matter what it is exactly on one of the most popular politicians in Poland and one of those in Brussels to enjoy a great reputation. After termination of the successful cooperation during the late Kczynskog Lech, Poland thanks to Tusk again become welcome and constructive partner in the European Union. Author: Bartosz Dudek / Zeljko Telišman Odg.ured: A. Subic
 