Below, a new translation of the weekly article by an American author of esoteric Sheldan Nidle&#39;s (Who Sheldan Nidle). Here you can find another translation. Selamat Balik! Again we are back in the midst of major negotiations to prepare your world to the point of transformation. The secret government are forged their own downfall with their reckless greed. The next financial collapse is approaching without slowing down. On the radar this secret government is clear. All those who know the financial system are in great concern about the global economy, but their feelings of anxiety barely touch the surface of what is coming. Secrets of the governments want to save &quot;his own skin&quot; from liability for their strong financial structure cracked. The current monetary system is &quot;spotty&quot; line cracks that are now crumbling and radical change is the only way forward. Our Earth allies are set so that the model was introduced a decade ago, is the only choice for this radical change.
 Most people in the financial world, this is clearly understood and gladly would like to spend. Immense power for change is built around those who still rely on secret government. Moving to a new financial system requires a proportional change in the people in power. Over the millennia, the power of secret government was sacrosanct. Therefore, the barriers that now pop up around them a precedent. Strongly shocked that their previously successful tactics for treading resistance to their wishes do not work and their intentions are now pushed to the margins of the major players in the global economy. Are not able to prevent the growing insurgency. This inability to maintain a previously unquestioned supremacy spread panic in the ranks of the secret government while facing many governments that secretly plotting to overthrow the government with the main instrument of secret government of the UN (United Nations) korpokraciju. All this makes them extremely desperate. Forties of the 20th century the ruling team of secret government has set a world system that is now on the verge of collapse but still successfully avoids succumb to new ways and new circumstances.
 It is this (historical op.p.) the fact that kindled the current series of secret meeting many of the ruling elite who are devising a common strategy to drastically reduce the &quot;squeeze&quot; this is still a strong korpokracije. Monetary problems of the U.S. corporate governance are the main key to this strategy. Over the past few years is impossible fiscal policy of this government and its uzdanika led them into this blind street immense size of the debt that comes due. For this there is a legitimate debt instruments to avoid the inevitable. Therefore, the recent machinations of the USA&#39;s Federal Reserve did not give any results. Series crafty legal maneuvers by our Earth allies have enabled a number of smaller nations that are looking for (the investigation? Op.p) fiscal &quot;injury&quot; for the debts that have these invasive korpatokracija. This only adds to the list of charges for the prosecution to prepare our earthly allies.
 It is expected that a bankruptcy and its consequences. This diverse range of legal action will force the illegal U.S. government from power. World population you can no longer afford to tolerate this offensive policy lupeškog regime. Exposing the global fiscal policy is in its eleventh hour! The basis of this event is to have in place structures that will replace many U.S. allies korporatokracija this regime. The secret government and its officials have woven a complex network that includes the nations of Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa and South America. In anticipation of this regime change earthly allies have spent years compiling the provisional government when the final financial collapse occurs. This moment is near. Once the new international financial system revealed, also new political system will come into existence. Decades of truly diabolical intentions have led to this moment.
 Initially, the secret government owned technology to the recruitment of naive allured into its ranks. By the end of the second. sv.rata a secret government plan began to manifest. During the early 60-ies of 20th century cunning plan for global enslavement and depopulation was largely on track and has achieved its maturity in mid-1990s. During the early 60-ies of 20th century cunning plan for global enslavement and depopulation was largely on track and has achieved its maturity in mid-1990s. This plan has encountered an obstacle in the person of the late U.S. President Joh F. Kennedy. He stood up to advisers and family that surrounded him spending plan for world peace and prosperity of which is the first step was an agreement to ban testing of nuclear weapons. Implementation of the residue of his vision was planned around his reelection 1964th Informed us of its intention to deliver a speech that will include disclosure of not only the presence of benevolent extraterrestrials, but many alien technology that has come into possession of the secret U.S. government.
 By early fall 1963rd Kennedy and Hruščev were in secret negotiations about the creation of the U.S. Soviet non-aggression pact that would lead to mass demilitarization on both sides of the revelations of secret technology held by both sides. By early fall 1963rd Kennedy and Hruščev were in secret negotiations about the creation of the U.S. Soviet non-aggression pact that would lead to mass demilitarization on both sides of the revelations of secret technology held by both sides. We were ready to step in if necessary to encourage peace and non-nuclear future of your world. The assassination of Kennedy by the secret U.S. government has brought this all in a sudden stop. At the time of death of American President we have not had a permit (edict) of first contact to your world, or we start the discussion on this subject with the main panel of the Galactic Federation. Earth&#39;s human society is considered immature and deficient in the elements for survival.
 It was not until the early 1990s we were mandated by the sky (the spiritual hierarchy of the planet? Op.p.) sent to &quot;your coast.&quot; Until then took place a series of individual missions by different stellar nations such as the Pleiadians and Sirians. But all they were unable to propose the Earth as a candidate for first contact. Instead they were inclined to a limited intervention. You must understand that you are remnants of the former colonies of the Galactic Federation, which means that it is right that you monitor and intervene somewhat given by Sky. Current circumstances are in large measure to what President Kennedy tried to encourage. He deeply wanted to bring peace to your world and transform the general hatred and divisions in Bollywood and international cooperation. Accordingly, he sketched out plans for a new monetary system and creating an atmosphere that leads to peace and prosperity. As you can see, these goals were in harmony with those of terrestrial allies.
 The latter originate from the old secret society dedicated to the Light. They have gained a relationship resulting from the deep longing of many influential individuals who are children of the main family secret government officials. They are all committed to bringing in your new reality. They connect with us to raise these objectives now include a return to full consciousness. This diverse group is now close to winning. Furthermore, we have met them with the heavenly plan binding the Galactic Federation to implement the full first contacted by a certain date. Furthermore, we have met them with the heavenly plan binding the Galactic Federation to implement the full first contacted by a certain date. In this way, we are obliged to follow the action of terrestrial allies and intervene if necessary. Weather for your return to full awareness approaches. Everything was carefully prepared: the crystal cities Agarti (inner earth) are ready to receive you, instructors are trained, a record is kept of each one of you; mechanism (op.p. achieve) full consciousness on the site.
 Only a secret government stand in your way, but they were ready to fall! The moment you show what you can come. Unite! Your victory awaits you! Today we discuss the roots of your current problems and events following the first contact. Zemljski Our allies are directed to complete what should be done before our arrival. Be confident in your abilities that you can do what it takes to prepare your company for this magnificent event! Know favorite in your heart of hearts that the unlimited benefit and continuing prosperity of Heaven are indeed your! So be it! Selamat Gajun! Selamat Ja! (Sirijanski to Be One! And Be in Joy!) This entry was posted on Thursday, September 16th, 2010 at 2:17 pm and is filed under Sheldan Nidle weekly messages. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
 