What will you do first on Monday morning if you win the election? - On Monday, I will assemble a team and make a business plan to takeover power. This is something a little more than a month. Together with its partners will develop a plan whereby I will be informed about the situation in the office. I will ask the current president and his advisers to assist me in how I plan to make all the interviews before taking office. I intend to talk to potential partners and create the necessary changes in the structure of the Office of the President. I wanted the campaign to talk about the programs and plans, but the Mayor wanted to convert everything into a quagmire if you lose? - If I lose, I will still continue to do their job. Parliamentary representative I, and I will continue to teach at the college. Who would be your presidential team? Will you keep some of Mesic&#39;s advisor? - So far I have not wanted to go out with names.
 In his team will certainly have people who are kontinutitet, and some new names. Mirando Mrsic, who is the head of my campaign, I will offer a place of the Office. But he, as a prominent doctor who saves people&#39;s lives, thinking about the continuation of work in the hospital. If you win, you will first ask the Kosor? What will be your first initiative by the Government? - The first initiative will be a working meeting. The constitutional duty of the President to cooperate with the Prime Minister and the Government. The first meeting would gladly devoted himself talking about the government&#39;s plans in the future, but also on the main points of my program. In particular, I want to talk about the fight against corruption and organized crime. That is my main program guidelines and will insist on it. I am glad that Kosor speak on this issue and wants to better fight for a fair Croatia. I must admit I am looking forward to the encounter.
 This is a new challenge is what I had not met. I am sure that our cooperation will be successful. Intelligence underground with Bandic between you and Hampstead have fallen in the campaign difficult words. Are you going to sue him after the election? - I would say the difficult words fell from his hand. The headquarters Bandic to a range of people from the intelligence underground. They are in the second round of the campaign are not dealt with anything other than coming up with the lies on my account and on account of my family. People do not take seriously. It is an activity that is shameful, and that speaks to look Bandic rule. Will the mayor &quot;earn&quot; a lawsuit? - Bandic maximum sentence follows on Sunday. He will lose the election. Will you mark your choice of continuity or change in Pantovcak? - Neither can nor want to be the same as President. Copies are always worse than the original. The second time. Certainly, part of that duty for President Mesic should continue, and some will because of different circumstances and new times and different temperaments of the old and the new president, be different.
 Muddy quagmire Why do you think you would Dalmatians, not your opponent, you should give your vote? - People in Dalmatia, and in all of Croatia will vote for me because they recognize my program. In the second round, I talked a lot about my program, Nova justice, rule of law, the policy of equal opportunities for all people, to reform. Opponent was a second round into a muddy quagmire prljajući me, family, the entire electorate, and indeed, most of them. Will choose among the citizens of Croatian Dalmatia and the whole because it clearly recognized that the choice between Mr. Bandic me a choice between two different Croatian: I am offering European Croatia, a country of human rights, justice, rule of law and prosperity, while Mr. Mayor offers a quagmire. Marina Karlovic sabolić Photo: vjekoslav skledar / Getty Voice is a voice for Bandic Sanader for choosing and selecting Bandic Sanader - said Ivo Josipovic Thursday accusing a former prime minister tried to get back into politics to help Bandiću in presidential elections.
 - Development of a bad situation and Bandic rating marred a long partnership that Zagreb&#39;s mayor had with former Prime Minister. I am glad that the Government has given up active support to the crime and she decided to fight against corruption. For me now looking forward to cooperation with Kosor - said Josipovic.
 