It is the only one of numerous small Christian communities in the U.S. and only about 50-odd believers gathered around Pastor Jones in center, &quot;Dove World Outreach,&quot; but their plan has great symbolic weight. They are calling for a public burning of the Koran, 11th September 18 to 21 hours in the town of Gainesville in Florida. &quot;We planned this in remembrance of those who are 11 September 2001. Brutally killed and we want to send radical Islamic elements, a clear message. Not interested in Sharia law, not tolerate their threats, intimidation, their radicalism,&quot; explained Pastor Jones. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Invitation to a public burning of Washington worried about your plan is not an understanding in Washington. Foreign Ministry spokesman PJ Crowley called the plan a provocation, and expressed the hope that will not be implemented in practice. Minister of Hillary Clinton clearly has made a note that the American nation from the outset committed to religious tolerance.
 &quot;We know that George Washington 1790th in a synagogue wrote: this country will not tolerate religious intolerance and expulsions,&quot; recalled. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: David Patraeus is concerned about the supreme commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan David Patraeus has warned that the burning of the Koran could endanger the lives of American soldiers in Afghanistan and the entire mission. This, he added, would be food for the extremists in many countries and encourage further violence. In Kabul had already held its first anti-American protests triggered by Pastor Jones&#39; plan, and police said he had already received several death threats. The Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen of the opinion that the burning of the Koran would be contrary to all the values for which the international community should strive and fight. Condemnation came from the Vatican, but Jones is the pastor not to distract from his plan.
 &quot;We are clear that this act people would be offended. And I&#39;m offended when you burn an American flag and the Bible. But the message we want to send to us is more important than that, whether someone will be offended. We can not close our eyes only, because Radical Islam someone will be offended, &quot;he says. The city fire department banned the enforcement action, but it is doubtful whether Jones is appreciated. Sharp condemnation by religious leaders Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The site is divided by the ghosts - there should arise a Muslim cultural center yesterday at the invitation of the North American Islamic community in Washington and met representatives of all faiths. They expressed great concern about the hostility towards Islam, which grows in the American people and the media. This was contributed to gall a public hearing on the construction of Muslim Cultural Center near Ground Zero. Baptist minister Gerald Durley had read a joint statement in which, inter alia, states: &quot;As religious leaders in this wonderful country we have met in the capital that we categorically stood against the mockery, misinformation and bluntly religious intolerance which is the target of Muslim communities in America.&quot; They strongly condemned the plans Pastor Jones.
 &quot;As a member of the evangelical community say to everyone who did make: they dishonor the name of Jesus Christ and violate the commandment: love thy neighbor,&quot; said Pastor Richard Cizik. Authors: Ch. Bergmann / A. Ziegler / D. Dragojevic / Re agencies. ed: Andrea Jung-Grimm
 