Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The next crisis &quot;may&quot; come only for 15 years Sweden was the first EU member to hold the bank&#39;s commitment to the so-called separation. contingency fund. Britons are planning their own system, and Germany this week announced that banks will continue to bear the cost of their rehabilitation in case of crisis. Currently the whole of Europe for the corresponding models. Because, at the summit of the European Union in June, the Heads of State and Government committed themselves to their country to introduce a special tax or other form of giving banks for crisis funds. Participants in the summit are both concluded that the separation may not result in distortions of competition and excessive financial burden on banks. And it is this conclusion is problematic, &quot;says Karel Lannoo, a financial expert from the Centre for European Policy Studies:&quot; Allocations of banks may have different shapes.
 And that is exactly the problem. You can imagine what might be the consequences for competition in the common financial market that everyone has their own interpretation of the contribution of banking. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: German citizens will no longer bear the (full) Download bailout So the United Kingdom plans to introduce a contribution for all credit institutions that have branches in its territory. In Germany, however, will be a mandatory separation probably only refer to the German institution. So now, a large German banks fear that they will be forced to pay twice. It is also debatable what should happen with the money that banks will set aside. The French want it spent on patching holes in the budget, while Germany plans to fund the bailouts in the event of future crises. Minimum separation banks Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Commissioner Barnier: &quot;Prevention is cheaper than fixing damage &quot;It is in fact the goal of the European Commission.
 She would like to interconnect national crisis funds. It must prevent a situation in which taxpayers will again bear the brunt of bankruptcies of banks, says European Commissioner for Internal Market Michel Barnier: &quot;These are two simple ideas: that taxpayers do not bear the burden than to take bank and secondly: prevention is always cheaper than repairing the damage. &quot; He announced in October presenting concrete proposals on how the European crisis management in the future will look like. In this role would be to have a new European supervisory institutions. The next year should start monitoring system for financial markets. However, the European Parliament and member states are still arguing over its powers when it comes to multinational financial group and how the authority should have a national supervisory institutions. However, the separation of banks will not in any case completely off financial risks to taxpayers.
 As the bank would not be over-burdened with new expenditure, the EU&#39;s plan to introduce mainly the contributions amounted to only a minimal part of their annual revenue. In other words, to fill crisis fund could take years. For instance, the Swedish government, which is already almost a year ago introduced a collection of contributions from banks, it is estimated that only 15 years for the fund would be enough money to pay him the costs of a new financial crisis. Author: Wolfgang Landmesser / Andrea Jung Re-Grimm. ed: N. Kreizer
 