2011th years in the ITD-in will be marked by women, although the release of their graduation exams, and there you have two men ... Teatar.hr 16th 09th 2010th 1.058 views 0 comments Print carry announcements play in the season 2010/2011. as they were announced Theatre ETC ..
 ** 2011th year, Theatre &amp; TD largely devoted role and position of women in the Croatian theater scene and will accordingly seek to make a recognizable group of young theater director and author - ITEDEOVKE. The intention is long time to refresh the city and the Croatian theater scene and to encourage other producers to work with the author and director. The names of whom you listen to are: Marina Petkovic Liqueur, Natalija Manojlovic, Irene Čurik, Helena Petkovic, Peter Hraščanec, Renata Carola Gatica, Iva Srnec, Ena Schulz, Dali Dozet and Sanjay Milardović, Dora Budor and Maja Cule. The decision to deal with women&#39;s part of the theater scene is not exclusive and will be in different modules cooperate with filmmakers and we already know that the users of the &amp; TD and introduce new ones. The program includes two final exam director Philip Povrženić Kurspahic and quiet which we consolidate and systematic involvement of students in the CSA program Theatre &amp; TD.
 Theatre &amp; TD other than its own productions and co-production offers a variety of educational and residential programs and through Edukultura &amp; TD in Residency attended by Croatian and foreign artists and young students. Edu &amp; TD participants of workshops, lectures, seminars, panel discussions and symposia allows direct contact with modern practices and methods in the field of performing and other arts. Renata Carola Gatica: Telenovela Based on last year&#39;s success stories, play Argentina, where the clash of football and the concepts of homosexuality, a new project, the young Argentine director Renate Carola Gatica, Telenovela Latin American telenovelas and contrasts the average Croatian housewife. During the war in Croatia, as a result of the shelling, the city remains without a TV signal. Desperate housewives new situation due to the inability to monitor your favorite soap operas, known as the Croatian radio and television as the only option that provides the same broadcast on the radio.
 The play seeks to explore what makes a dependent housewife, how and why they identify with the character of telenovelas, culturally distinct from its environment. It also raises the question why is experiencing catharsis because of something that has nothing to do with it, especially if one takes into account the fact that the cultural value of the soap itself very low. Marina Petkovic Liqueur: A new play Medea Marine Liquor Petkovic will address research copyrighted work and attempt a new reading of Medea. Analyzing interpersonal relationships and social and political forms and principles of action and decision making within the relationship of man and woman, love and hate, organic and rational, new and old, anger and resignation, the show will try to set the Medea, which is about a world in which we live. The world for whom or against whom to fight. Euripidov text, sparse, but essentially stripped down and stressed, acting and performance provides a challenge for modernity and authenticity.
 Irena Čurik: Woody Allen Daft Punk (working title) The British company &quot;Fast Future &#39;in the survey claimed to be of interest to be the most requested in the next twenty years, so state space tourist guide, real time, virtual teachers, surgeons for improving memory, specialists Nanomedicine, wellness manager for the elderly, personal media workers, cleaners information, the organizers of a virtual life, virtual lawyers, psychologists for the virtual misfit and designer of the new generation of vehicles. The so-called Generation &quot;Z&quot; on whose potential occupations in question here, should be primarily characterized by different social skills. Specifically, members of Generation &quot;Z&quot; would rather write than talk, prefer to communicate online, but live, I do not know life without the technology and can not live without it. More like a computer than a book, have no patience and want success immediately - as in a video game.
 This play wants to explore how such a &#39;future of the research&#39; or &#39;possible future&#39; might look like. The research is mostly performed by marketing experts who are interested in what consumers will be the children of today, as well as employers who want to explore the potential future workforce. However, the show &#39;Woody Allen Daft Punk&#39; wants to go one step further and provide a realistic picture of the possible brave world that is based on the disadvantages and prejudices of the present generation. Skipping past, present we do not want, we are left with? Oliver Frljić: sow devouring their litter (working title) New Play Oliver Frljić will focus on intimate questions of identity of actors, their overlap stage and private identity and the broader problem of theater as a mechanism for the multiplication of identities. The performance takes its starting point a play, whose author, in this case and directed the play, but not as a coherent ideological whole, but the space in which to stage the identity of the actor is constituted and dissolved, and in which the aforementioned overlap.
 Ranging from pseudo-ispovjednog performance to high performance styling, the process of working on the show will put the actor as subject and material in front of a number of issues in which his ethical decisions at the end define the final shape of the play. The main issue at the end of the opening, as a paraphrase of a much older, is in any way possible through various identities, which constructs an actor on stage in a wider social field, create a new actor&#39;s personality. Sasha Christmas: the body artist / Nosferatu paper develops a series of theatrical essay, on the diptych constitution contractor and use his body as a tool to understand performance. While the artist focuses on body virtuosity in which the obsessive engagement tjelesnošću becomes artistic act, Nosferatu sets forgetting the body, its excess, the point of breaking the social and theatrical conventions. The artists are bodies in space sublimation, unraveling spiritual differences around the idea of body-body, the body of Nosferatu is a scandal, his presence brings unrest in apparent discomfort.
 It is about two formally disparate work: The artist&#39;s body in his genre to new media opera dancer, musician-singer and playwright based on the adaptation of the novel DonDeLila, contemporary American novelists, critics of the ambiguity of American society and the media everyday. Nosferatu is a solo actor, dedication films of Werner Herzog and Klaus Kinski his hero. Produced by participating international artists: Nadia Ratsimandresy one of five European musician who plays the old matinotu known for his collaboration with rock group Radiohead and Bruno Poscheron, light designer from Berlin. Natalija Manojlovic: Case (working title) Sometime in the near future, a tendency to theatrical creation, declared a mental disorder. The state is estimated to be more profitable to invest in the institutionalization kazalištotvoraca than in supporting their work. The play takes place in a mental institution 2055th
 , where live theater once officers are now treated with pharmacotherapy. Residents try to avoid treatment in an asylum basement trying to do the show. &quot;It is said that one way a patient is obese, the Macedonian underground radio show of Tito, and the hospital director had to resign.&quot; Throughout the play alternates scenes feature in the form of a futuristic 3D comics, with halogen lamps and cold walls, and dokumentarističnim scenes that occur as a result of taking drugs and effective therapies. At the end of the show, a futuristic concept will demonstrate a simple concoction of the author of abnormal mind; years the 2011th, and some who think that the 2055th not drink the red pill for a week now. Research and Education Program Theatre &amp; TD (LAB &amp; TD), but the new edition of Night Lab, in 2011. will present works by the following: D. Dozet, E. Schulz, S. Milardović: I have bought a cat The idea of this text as a dramatist was to examine limits of their own freedom and responsibility that it brings.
 Joint work on the text and its staging to date was the creative exchange of three energy and encouraging each other to their own research within the theatrical expression. With a little absurd detachment from reality as we know in life, this play deals with the tragicomic depiction of a fortune. The authors pose the question: how much freedom we have left with all the choices we have today? The extent to which we ready to discard the inherited patterns of male-female relationships? How many of us will listen? The moment we begin to listen to yourself? To what extent can we accept a compromise? Are you able to responsibly the consequences of our actions? Are you a person of dogs or cats? H. Petkovic: Tracks performance of titles produced tracks inspired by the novel The Unbearable Lightness of Being Milan Kundera. But this is not a direct adaptation of the novel, but will need to be written plays entirely new dramatic text.
 Motifs within the novel that will be the foundation of the play are as follows: political context and the current social situation, and the question of motive Oedipus the ease or difficulty of existence. In theatrical terms is an interesting fact that the novel offers two potential space, two levels of play: one is the level of social context within which we still current problems: can we resist the regime, and every policy and ideology and how can we complain to and act according to its principles? Secure Kurspahić: Promised Land (Ha&#39;retz Hamuvatachat) Promised Land, is the latest project of Mirana Kurspahic, referring to one of the key global issues of our era - the fate of Palestine and Palestinians and to the dramatic piece of Caryl Churchill Seven Jewish children. In a piece of Jewish parents discuss what they should or should not talk to their children about certain more recent events in Israeli history, which is a piece of indirect reference: the Holocaust, the Jewish immigration to Palestine, the creation of Israel, the expulsion of Palestinian Arabs, Arab -Israeli war of 1948., disputes over water, the first Intifada, the death of American Rachel Corrie Humanitarke, construction of the wall in the West Bank, the suffering of Muhammad al-Durraha, Palestinian suicide bombings, Hamas rocket attack until the recent bombing of Gaza.
 This piece should serve as a kind of reference point around which the system theater assembly along other related scenes, of course, the same themes, but not necessarily execution modality. This collage of images, formed to a single entity, which questioned the historical, political and ethical responsibility, and the interweaving of complicated Israeli-Palestinian relations. Filip Povrženić: Where did Mozart play speaks about the growing problem of modern society: single parents. Number of single parents in Europe for many years high and growing, and now Croatia and begins to follow this negative trend. The play follows two people behind them have ridden marriages. Both are squeezed into a narrow space between work and caring for the child. Space music. Singing. Dah. During an hour of singing, after the initial misunderstandings and bustle, the music starts to go in parallel, an imaginary world.
 Classroom turns into a big meadow and enter the world of fairy tales, in which the student becomes a hunter, a teacher in the evil queen. In this world of sex every day gets a new feature, followed by life in the real world will no longer be jednak.U world of dreams and imagination takes up a tremendous battle between two equally strong character. Meanings are transmitted into the new codes. Relations become symbolic. Content feuilleton Season 2010/2011 (0) Tweet
 