Author: Igor Alborghetti Published: 23.07.2010 The President of the State of Israel presents his views on Croatia, the Palestinian issue and Iran&#39;s developing nuclear weapons do you expect from your visit to Croatia? RELATED NEWS News - I expect that will enrich our mutual relations. Interesting to me is Croatia. Just like Israel, have a lot of history that is reflected through the various wars. Relatively small countries such as the Croatian and Israel is really hard to respond to the circumstances of confrontation and conflict. Now I know that Croatia is entering a new phase. From the time of Tito, the force, joined the Croats in Yugoslavia until the moment when the Balkans again &#39;balkaniziran&#39; in a spiral of internal conflict, apparently the time has come to your country to become part of a new community. And this community you much more convenient. You are entering a new era. The Age of Science, individualization and globalization. Croatia, after the war, had to be rebuilt.
 They have also overcome many obstacles that stood in front of you: learn to think and work together to achieve the goal. Of course, you should save and defend, but now the water wars are no longer maneuver armies because there are no more battles, armies, but confrontation drain. Modern terrorists have no law, no accountability and a real problem for us all become fanatics who want to kill in the name of their religion, those who do not think like them. Rockets and missiles that are fired do not know the distance and do not recognize borders. How do you experience Croatia? - As a beautiful country with a collection of hundreds of islands ... In our country, and we debated how the island ... - Well, we can help you to accurately count them if you wish. But while we&#39;re on the land, actually the size of the territory are important, the Israeli experience in developing high technology. Why? Such industries have limited territories.
 It&#39;s not a question of size, but the level of development. The mobilization of such resources introduces the state and society on the other, higher levels of development, a new philosophy that change is not just one country but the entire region. On that we can cooperate. I would say that Croatia and Israel have the same drawbacks. We are not big government, not a lot of us. I would add that we sometimes do not understand the policy. Thus, these two small countries together can do much more. What will be your most powerful messages that carry the Croatian government? - I will say this: step into a new era together. And more: the fact that we run gives us a chance to become great. Collaboration, smart setting common priorities, turning the common values, creating peace and security. These are all very complicated and complex tasks. The Holocaust and Croatia Do you think that Croatia does enough to ensure that young Croats know enough about the atrocities of the Holocaust, which, unfortunately, happened in my country since 1941.
 1945., during the criminal Ustasha regime? - I would say this: the value and necessity of learning about the Holocaust is the fact that it never happens again. Not even the word about learning the history of the Jewish people and learning about the history of the German people. Hitler, as you take, invoked a disaster to the whole world. It is always terribly dangerous when a small group of irresponsible people get the unlimited power that, like today, have a desire to possess weapons of mass destruction. Therefore, we must prepare young people to defend universal values and to fight against what I would call &quot;naciideologijom&quot; killing opponents or those who are at something different. This then is no longer a question of attitude towards the Jews. Sometimes, indeed, terrible events begin the persecution of the Jewish people. But later, everyone else becomes a victim. And remember the beginning of the Second World War and what happened in former Yugoslavia.
 Some fought against Hitler, and there were those who fought against each other. If I had then was a Croat, or any other inhabitant of the former Yugoslavia, I would not want to repeat it. You mentioned Tito. Have you ever met? - No. I have not ever seen him live. What do you think about it? - We tried to engage him about the peace negotiations with Egypt. And what was it? - I wrote him a Ben Gurion asking him to intercede with Nasser. Titus suggested that the Brijuni were a good place for negotiations. Broz was transferred to the then president of Egypt, but the meetings and negotiations, as you know, did not occur. A lot of my former politician from the former Yugoslavia, said: &quot;Why do Jews, Palestinians and Jordanians can not live together in the federation, just like me?&quot; I told them: &quot;I&#39;m not sure how your federation will endure.&quot; It was during the 50s and 60-ies, and not one. You see, my father has a job in the former Yugoslavia.
 Imported wood. He loved this country. Just like my mother. We had a lot of friends in the former Yugoslavia, and often are, is Minister of State, informally discussed various events, including those from the 90-by period and the disintegration of former Yugoslavia. What was your position then? - You see, if two people can live together in the same building under the same roof, for them to raise two houses. You may not have agreed upon a common roof if you do not have the same kind. Two states for two peoples This is also true for the Palestinians and the Jews? - We have two states. We can not force them, even those of us that live in the same house. In fact there is no future. There is to live side by side in peace. There is no other solution than the one which involves two separate states. The Palestinians will get their independent state. There is some controversy on the border, but it is not more than 3, 4 or 5 percent.
 Iran is rapidly developing a nuclear bomb. Do you think that is the end? - Iran&#39;s Nuclear ambition is not just a problem for Israel. This is a problem for the rest of the world. For the Russians, if somebody in Chechnya transfer nuclear weapons. In the same way for Americans in Iraq or Afghanistan. For the whole world. The Iranian case is a combination of possessing weapons of mass destruction and irresponsible regimes. Most of the world leaders with whom I spoke told me that we must not allow Iran to develop nuclear weapons. Flotilla to Gaza, what about output? - We need to do several different things. First, create an environment in which anyone would be a shame to cooperate with Iran and Ahmadinejad. He is the one who denies the Holocaust, killing their countrymen, funded terrorists. Second, sanctions. They have just been introduced and are waiting for their effect. Third, to support those who want to break this horrible regime. And their large number in Iran.
 Fourth, the missile protection of Israel. We&#39;ve just made a big step in the creation of such a missile shield over Israel. A pre-emptive strike against Iranian nuclear facilities? - One should first try these four things I mentioned. Sure, it&#39;s a world problem that Israel should not and must not be monopolized. Humanitarian convoy to Gaza, Israeli soldiers stopped the violence. Killed nine people. Why did that happen? - The convoy consisted of six ships. Only one of them organized a provocation. They tried to kill our soldiers and we have acted in self-defense. The whole story is amazing. Why did they send boats to Gaza when help can arrive by land. Nobody stops the delivery of aid to Gaza. We established a naval blockade, because we do not want them to deliver weapons, but we can pick up literally in five minutes. A key to this is in the hands of Hamas. They should just say we kill, we will not terrorize Israel.
 And the thing is resolved. There will be no problem. The historical relationship between Israel and Croatian January 1992nd Israel up in arms because of &quot;denial holkausta&quot; Franjo Tudjman in his book &quot;The Wilderness of historical reality&quot; and because of the historical and political rehabilitation of the Independent State of Croatia during the Tudjman September, 1997th Established diplomatic relations, after which Croatia has committed itself to publish a modified version of Tudjman&#39;s book 1997th In Tel Aviv, opened Croatian Embassy, Israel and Croatia in Vienna covered the 1997th Despite efforts to Tudjman visited Israel constantly received &quot;rejection&quot; of Jerusalem. It was expected that after a trial of Jasenovac camp commander Dinko Sakic could come to visit, but even then, Israel has not caved in May, 1998th The first visit by a high Croatian officials, Israel - Foreign Minister Mate Granic February, 2000th Israel sent a delegation to the inauguration of Stipe Mesic, January, 2001.
 Revoked visas October 2,001th Stipe Mesic&#39;s visit to Israel during which apologized for the NDH Ustasha crimes against the Jews, July, 2003. President Moshe Katsav visited Zagreb 2005. Israel opened an embassy in Zagreb in October 2008. Prime Minister Ivo Sanader participant in the international conference &quot;New World, New Peace&quot; in Israel listopad, 2009. President Stipe Mesic on official visit of Shimon Peres recommendations: 4 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 