Why read about imaginary conspiracies, reptiles, aliens and other fantastic creatures when the regular history so very interesting full of intrigue, conspiracy, blood, greed, passion and fear of a single remarkable creatures, man? Here a brief look at the Palestinian-Israeli relations ... weakening the Ottoman Empire in England and France in their imperialist policy spread eastwards. England buys Egyptian shares Suetskog Channel (1875), which is the way to Bombay shortened to 8000 km. About 80% of ships that sailed through the channel they were English, and in this strategically important position in zaviorila England flags. 1882nd Unrest broke out in Alexandria, aimed against the West. British bomb Alexander, and shortly after that, England troops entering the city by which the English actually win Egypt, and stay there all until 1956. Britain wins Velka and Cyprus (1878) and Sudan (1898). Thus becoming owners of the Red Sea and Persian Gulf.
 Aden was in their hands, but the 1839th, and now winning more and Bahrain (1880), Mask (1891) and Kuwait (1899). Country to country on his way to India. On the other side of France, won the Mahgreb, the North African province of the Ottoman Empire. Obeys Algeria (1830), Tunisia (1881), Morocco (1912). Begins to interfere in the politics of Syria and Lebanon, as the protector of Christians. With regard to Libya under the Italian, the whole North-Africa was cut off from Instambula. Sultan calls Wilhema II German Emperor for help, to defend &quot;their&quot; land and the Ottoman Empire and saw the beginning of World War I on the side of centralizing power, Germany and Hazburske monarchy. How stronger nationalism in Turkey as it occurs and national awareness of the Arab peoples and the animosity between the Turks and Arabs. The role of oil is becoming increasingly clear, and the goal of Britain and France to reach the oil wells. So England are using the conflict between the Arab world and Turkey plays a double game and deceit, together with the French part of the territory rich in oil.
 Secret agreement between France and England (Sykes-Picot Agreement 1916.) France gets Syria and Lebanon, and English country between the Mediterranean Sea and the Gulf Perzijkog, roughly the area of Palestine and to Iraq. And while the Arab world has not yet come himself from Sykes-Picot moves on its chessboard called Middle East Englishmen have played in another Arab world is disastrous move, Balfourovu declaration. By this declaration the Bitanci decided to comply with the Zionist movement. Zionizam originated in the 19th century in Russia and Poland after the bloody persecution of the Jews, who for the umpteenth time in history occurred again. 1882nd Leo Pinskr in his book, Auto-Emanzipation wrote that anti-Semitism is an incurable National psychosis and how many years the Jews tried to integrate them will never be sufficiently secure to protect, the only solution is that the Jews take their destiny into their own hands and ensure the state itself.
 Although the majority of Eastern European Jews avoid persecution in the United States and Argentina, a small group is stationed in Palestine, near Jerusalem, on Mount Zion (1882). 1897th This is an organization with the help of journalist Theodor Herzl jevrejkog (after an unfair process, ogorcnim surprise and intensity of intolerance toward Jews, even in &quot;modern&quot; France) became the World Zionist ORGANIZATIONS with a clear objective: to provide shelter Jews in Palestine, in Jerusalem where he would was suitable to accommodate a larger group of Jews. According to the Bible to be their promised land. Herzl looked to Palestine as a &quot;land without people for a people without land&quot; forgetting the 100 000 Arabs who lived there. Jos was Herzl in Basel designed a flag - with a blue Star of David-and the anthem chosen folk song Hatikwa. The reason the English to support this movement is much polemics.
 Honestly compassion for the suffering of these people again, or interests? At that time, the Chaim Weizmann Jewish chemist who invented synthetic acetone is an essential ingredient of dynamite, allegedly on to this invention did not seek anything for themselves but for their nation state. On the other hand, the British are in the midst of World War II were probably need the money that they could provide a rich Jewish banking houses such as Rothschilds. The idea that the Jews serve as a buffer between them and the French, was also not to reject it. Either way, though these facts then probably no one was aware, the seed for the subsequent Israeli-Palestinian conflict had been sown. Palestine was a poor and backward country. England had hoped that relations between Arabs and Jews going to be easy, certainly when the lubrication Jewish capital and knowledge. Scratch is not any word about suverenitetnima any state. With the arrival of Jews in Palestine is a lot built up.
 Jews lived in communities called kibbutzim. These communities have worked on socialist principles, and were the idea of Jews originating from Russia. Jews have sought to create a coexistence based on equality. 1920th 90% of the population was Palestinian. During the British Mandate, the number of Jews grew rapidly. 1922nd is estimated to be approximately 800 000 84 000 Arabs and Jews; 1931st there were 860 000 174 000 Arabs and Jews, 1944, the number of Arabs rose to 1.179 million and the number of Jews on 554 000, then 32% stanovnisva was Jewish. From 1922nd 1939. the hostility between Arabs and Jews is growing. First, the Palestinian Arabs also fall under the influence of nationalism and the idea of independence, as in other occupied areas such as Iraq and Syria. On the other hand, the Arab leaders fought among themselves internally so that it is not posotjao no one who could represent the interests of this nation.
 He also became clear that Jews and Arabs forever remain two distinct groups, with the proviso that the Jews were much more organized. So 1921st The Jewish Agency is organizing a pseudo-government that represents the interests of Jews. Parallel organization created and Histadrut, which will provide for the employment of Jews, housing, health care and education. This organization cares for road construction, shipbuilding and banking. Jews also organized their own vojko, Hagan, that the conflict in 1920. seems necessary. End of this powerful new countrymen arpaski world had no chance to fight for their rights. Jews bought land from Arabs, mainly those who no longer lived there and peppery for her paid, to the horror of poor Arabs who watched how to lose the bread from their hands. Full monopoly of land purchase and the possibility of holding water sources was in Jewish hands.
 Clashes between Jews and Arabs are more common. For Jews, there are more radical ideas. So 1930th Russian Zionist Wladimir Jabotinski comes with the idea of &quot;each year to bring 50 000 new Jewish immigrants and to both sides of the Jordan River.&quot; Two fanatical followers of Jabotinsky will be presented later Israeli prime minister, Begin and Shamir. The British have had problems in the area to ensure peace and reduce the immigration of Jews. 1933rd the whole of Germany, Adolf Hitler is coming. The terror that has begun to implement over the Jewish population has caused an even greater wave of immigration to Palestine. Thus, the number of Jews in three years (1933-1936) doubled, a total of about 170 000 jevrja fled to Palestine. 1936th anti-Jewish demonstrations developed into civil war. On the side of the Arabs is growing extremizam. Jos 1921st Britain has established a Muslim high consultancy headed by the extreme nationalist Amin el-Hoesseini, mufijom (high judge) of Jerusalem.
 Who joined Adolf Hitler&#39;s ideology. They started the bloody attacks on the Jewish community as well as the British officers. Britain is after-Peel Commission (1937) concluded that Jews and Arabs in their cultural and social life is not compatible and that any assimilation of the two peoples is impossible. Because they fix their rule over Palestine. Arabian water Amin el Hoesseinija are outcasted and established military courts. Immigration were stopped at 5 000 per year for the first five years, and later will depend on the Arab birthrate. For Jews, this was a heavy blow because it is just begun World War II and the Nazi persecution of Jews. England in turn was more important a good relationship with the Arabs and the oil that they were just in the war was necessarily necessary. When the 1945th open the door to the concentration camps with all its horrors. Moral juice is huge, and the necessity of the Jewish state bigger than ever. The situation in Palestine was impossible to have more control.
 Neither the mass closure of extreme Zionist, nor the return of ships full of refugees has not helped. Britain has announced that it will be of September 1947th complete its mandate in Palestine and hand it into the hands of United Nations (UN). This only increased the Jewish-Arab conflict. 29th November 1947th UN divided Palestine in the Arab and Jewish part. Jerusalem and Bethlehem will not be nationalized. The Jewish portion was more than half of the total land, despite the fact that Jews were less than half (one third). Zionist have accepted this agreement, but it was the Arabs flatly refused. Again, the clashes erupted, where each side tried to gain as much ground. The Arabs had little chance. Jewish troops entered the village of Deir Yassin and the real slaughter of 125 people in the village after which many Arabs fled the country. Jews and the Haifa and Jaffa from which escapes almost all Arab stanovnisvo. 14th May 1948th
 within the area designated VN Jewish David Ben Goerion in Tel Aviv, proclaimed an independent state of Israel. This was the reason that Arab countries are still 1945th organization founded by the Arab League attacked Israel. The army of Egypt, Syria, Lebanon, beyond Jordan and Iraq to help rescue the Palestinian Arabs. Nevertheless, it was only about 21 500 qualified people to lose 35 000 cows to Hagan armed soldiers who are still with it bravely and desperately fighting for the only land they had. The war took all the breaks to 1948th Israel&#39;s Negev desert ovojio, the entire Galilee and West Jerusalem. This was later officially recognized as Israel thus came into Jewish hands 80% of Palestine. Gaza Strip came into the hands of Egypt. West Bank of Jordan under the rule beyond the Jordan. This ill-gotten state has created an enormous supply of refugees, 750 000 Arabs left Palestine. Only about 160 000 Arabs remained within the borders of Israel.
 Most of the refugees ended up in the Gaza Strip. Refugees are then the actions of the UN named &quot;Palestinians&quot;. Neither a single Arab country to recognize Israel, nor is it willing to do. Material for further conflict was more than what it potrebno.Sve until after the Six-Day War the Palestinians are largely expecting assistance from the Arabs. How are the Palestinian refugees lived in all the neighboring countries of Saudi Arabia and Kuwait, most of the refugees had been in refugee camps, UNRWA (1.3 million). Although the camps were in school, hospital, factory living conditions were still bad. Arab countries generally did not allow Palestinian refugees to integrate, only Jordan gave Palestinians citizenship and most of them could find a job. So the Palestinians sensing hard destiny of the people without their own country decided to take matters into their own hands. Already in 1964. the Arab League initiative organized PLO (Palestinian Liberation Organization).
 The organization is aimed at guerrilla actions to fight against imperialism zionistickog, but with the aim of living together Jews, Christians and Muslims in Palestine jedinsvenoj. Aside from the PLO are active and other guerrilla organizations like al-Fatah (victory) Jasser Arafat and the Marxist Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine Goerge Habasja. This last is not only fighting for the liberation of Palestine but also against the conservative Arab regimes. El-Fatah was eventually developed into the most important organization in 1969. its leader Jasser Arafat became the PLO and leader of the organization by which the PLO deviates from some of its principles. One of the most famous terrorist action is the kidnapping Israeli atlecara 1972nd of gupe who called themselves Black September (the large number of casualties after Jordanian King Hussein&#39;s actions against the PLO in Jordan organizations gdeje killed thousands of Palestinians) out of 11 she found death in unsuccessful liberating action.
 Israel retaliated by calling the bombed Palestinian parts of Jordan and Lebanon, with an enormous number of victims. At the end of 1987th the occupied territories from Israel breaks new uprising: intifada (1987-1993). Action has begun in Gaza and spread to the West Bank. It was a protest against the politics of conquest of the future Israeli Prime Minister Begins Yitzjak successor Prime Minister Shamir (1986-1992). As a young man Shamir was a member of the terrorist groups and Irgoen Stern and Begin wanted the biblical Judea and Samaria to Israel. The young Palestinians threw stones at molotvjevekoktele and Israeli soldiers. But what little they could do, hundreds of Palestinians were killed, thousands injured. Houses are demolished them with hands on. Television has broadcast this picture hardly naurazanih Israeli soldiers against unarmed people. Image to break the bones of young Palestinians visited the whole world. Israel came under harsh criticism around the world.
 Palestinians have come up with concrete demands: to stop further expansion of Israel and recognize the independent state of Palestine. They started the mass strikes of Palestinians who imprisoned his actions, gave notice to the Israeli civil service. On the scene comes a new organization, Hamas (acronym for Islamic Resistance Movement). Organization emerges from Muslim Brotherhood in Gaza and propagate Islamic radicalism, which has not been in accordance with the policy of the PLO. Hamas will not under any circumstances to recognize the State of Israel. Hamas is threatening to become a rival to the PLO, which was a time when the organization grew to be recognized in the world, and when Arafat agreed to a solution &quot;two states&quot;. He was ready to recognize Israel if it recognizes an independent Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza strip. 1988th In Tunisia, Palestine Alizir declared a state recognized by 90 countries, it is the area of Gaza and the belt Zapdne the Jordan and East Jerusalem.
 Oslo accords of this area is recognized as an area with the Palestinian authority, and the president has become Jasef Arafat who in 2005 succeeded Mahamoud Abbas. 2000th conflicts break out again under the name The second intifada, or Al-Aqsa intifada. Clashes erupted as a reaction to the visit provoked opposition leader Sharon to Al-Aqsa mosque on the holy mountain in Jerusalem where the Jewish Temple was 1.stoljecu. For Muslims it is a hill Order of importance because with the hills Muhammad traveled to heaven, a symbol for the Palestinians for their struggle for a state with its capital Jerusalem. The conflicts were bloodier than even those in the first intifada. 2,001th at the head of Sharon comes from the conservative Likud party to the agreements almost impossible. Palestinians see the only solution in the terrorist actions that are often samoubistvene, to which correspond Izrajelci cruel destruction of entire Palestinian villages and the construction of defensive walls.
 All peace efforts in this area were falling one after another into the water. Currently, apart from regular zaostrenih Israeli-Palestinian relations, and the sharp conflict between Hamas and Fatah. Also, all attempts of reconciliation of Hamas and Fatah have so far remained unviable. 11th May 2009. the UN on the initiative of the government of President Obama started again with plans to establish a Palestinian state. The second intifada is still not officially ended, violence continues and the hope for a better tomorrow is a bit ... Back to Top Filed In: Tales of the twilight zone Tags: England, France, inperijalizam, history, Israel, Palestine, history, zionizam
 