Ramadan always awakens in people the most beautiful feelings and they just kind of in those days among the faithful peace and harmony, and the desire to socialize. Palestine Ambassador to BiH, Khaled Alatrash Amnom with his wife gave us great pleasure and invited us into their home for a traditional iftar Palestinian who is without exaggeration the most popular event was worthy of the royal feast. Interviewed by: Ines Mesevic couple Alatrash effort is that since the entry into the house any time we do not feel like strangers than even before as part of their numerous family. The Ambassador&#39;s wife Amna split time in the breaks between preparing meals we met with Palestinian traditions and customs of fasting during Ramadan. &quot;At the beginning of Ramadan for us is the custom for people to go to each other and congratulate the beginning of fasting. In recent years, life in Palestine is little changed, because today many more women are working and do not have much time for cooking, and most meals bought in polugotovoj form.
 Iftar begins with the datulama and a glass of water. For many of us after omrse worship prayer and then return to the Cookbook. As people become alienated, today is much more cost value of Ramadan, iftar time because when all obligations and leave the gathering with their loved ones. So during Ramadan iftar make every night with another family and this is the greatest value of this holiday. Ramadan has a special charm because it reconciles the people, not just here in Palestine, but all over the world where the faith and truly respect the holiday, &quot;says Amna. Palestinian kadaif After Iftar usually sweeten with some sweets, and Palestine was traditionally kadaif which is true only for Ramadan. Palestinian kadaif just named the same as in Bosnia, but the real totally different. &quot;Make the batter as for pancakes and roasted in a little oil, then filled with filling, close the pad and a small fry pan.
 It is usually true with a sweet cheese filling, but can be made from almonds or walnuts. At the end of the chilled drink kadaif agdom and it is a real treat after iftar. &quot;After the iftar gathering with family and friends continues with coffee or tea, and men usually burn Nargilla, as did our host Ambassador Khaled while we in the Islamic law spirit in the courtyard of the luxurious residences of the Palestinian Arab drank coffee, which, because of specific spices that is only known to the Arabs is completely different taste of what coffee we drink. &quot;At the time Sahoor streets of Palestine, every morning a man who goes by kicking in def calls for getting up and start fasting. He does it every day and at the end of Ramadan comes to everyone in the house, congratulates Central, and in turn give people bajramluk, &quot;says Amna further. As much as it pleased, so deep in itself a great sadness for the present situation in which Palestine is located.
 &quot;In Palestine, Ramadan is celebrated a little differently than in other parts of the world, all because of the tense situation with Israeli forces. Only in the West Bank there are 700 Israeli checkpoints. At these points creates big problems when it comes to our people, especially now during Ramadan. They determine who can go to do the prayer in Al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem, the third largest mosque in the world after Mecca and Medina. The same problems are true and when the family went to visit their often happens that they do not allow the passage, so they are forced iftariti the Israeli checkpoint. This is exactly the reason why the iftar time devoted to the memory of family members who are imprisoned in Israel, it is time to pray for them, because almost every family has someone who has suffered such a fate. This iftar in Palestine often gives a sad characteristic, &quot;he recalls with sadness Amna. On the night of Lailat al-Qadr is customary to slaughter the whole night, was in the mosque or at home.
 Iftar with maklub Fatusha and Amna for Sahoor usually prepare sandwiches, because it says that children are the sweetest thing in the morning to eat, but for iftar at home Alatrash family really enjoys plenty of variety and very tasty, freshly prepared food in what we really get to know. Amna and Khaled have prepared us for the traditional Palestinian dishes have been specially selected and prepared on the occasion of Ramadan iftar. We started with dates and water, and still continued with exotic dishes that we were served one after the other. So we first served lentil soup, and the realization of prayer, and then we enjoyed a meal of rice and meat &quot;makluba&quot; and japrak with veal, eggplant sauce with a salad with bread &quot;Fatusha&quot; and the inevitable original Arabic sweets. The atmosphere at the table was relaxed and just like family, and the dishes that we tried and really worth remembering and mentioning. Any moment we have not missed anything, and we even going to get all the &quot;portion&quot; of food, we should eat at the table in the second round serving.
 Of course, we were quite a few, but after the first main course, but there, &quot;sacrificed&quot; we are somehow, because the enchanting aroma and taste is really lured us to try everything. Eid in Palestine Tradition adoration Eid prayers and visits the burial ground in Palestine is also observed, as well as with us, but what is specific to this people is to go to the cemetery, the first daughters of the house, then everyone else, until the children come first parents, and then continue to visit relatives. &quot;In Eid usually make the cake, which we call kak (Eid cake). It is a paste that we fill the dates and cooked in the oven. A custom is that five days before Eid, women go from one to the other and together make the cakes. These are tiny cookies that are made in large quantities. It is an ideal opportunity for women to socialize and become close. &quot;As we got close to me with this wonderful family Alatrash to us in the best way to open its doors and showed the magic of Ramadan iftar.
 At the end of all that glory we say: Bajram Sheriff Mubarek Olsun! Iftarski me by Amninoj recommendation: Appetizers: Šurabat Adas (lentil soup) Ingredients: 1 onion, olive oil, ground lentils, water, chicken, minced carrot, salt, vegetable seasoning, cumin Preparation: Fry onion in olive oil and then add ground lentils, and cook over low heat for several minutes with gentle agitation. Then add two cups of water in which you previously cooked chicken and simmer a few minutes. If you want your soup to be thicker, then add half cup minced carrots. When the soup is almost done, add a little cumin. Amna says: The soup can instil a few drops of lemon, which will give her an exotic acidic flavor. Main course: Makluba (&quot;Upside Down&quot; rice) Ingredients: 1.5 kg chicken, 3 cups rice, 2 large paradjza, 1 onion, 1 kg eggplant, olive oil, 2 teaspoons salt, 1 teaspoon vegetable seasoning, a few grains cardamom, a few cloves, 1 teaspoon cumin, bay leaf, pepper, anise Preparation: Cut the eggplants into slices, season with salt and let sit for 30-minutes and then a small fry in oil.
 During that time, Crop chicken into pieces and boil in water to which you add salt, pepper, bay leaves, cardamom, anise, clove, cumin, and vegetable seasoning. In a deeper pan Pour olive oil, then arrange onions, tomatoes that you previously cut into slices, then eggplant, then cooked the chicken and finally add the cleaned rice. All to pour water in which you cooked the chicken and let it simmer. Rice during cooking do not mix, and you just boil reduce to medium heat and let cook until water disappears. When water runs through a slight decrease in the heat and simmer until rice is cooked through. When rice is cooked take larger baking pan or platter and slowly turn them over a pan until all makluba not get out. Amna says: For more intense flavor rice Sprinkle peeled almonds and serve with sour cream or yogurt. Salad: Fatusha (bread salad) Ingredients: 2 tomatoes, 2 cucumbers, 300 g radishes, parsley, 150 g of dried bread Preparation: All ingredients Slice finely and mix with olive oil and let it sit for several minutes before serving to raskvasio dried bread and took on the taste of other ingredients.
 Mtabal (aubergine sauce) Ingredients: 2 large eggplants, three cloves of garlic, salt, seasoning tahan, yogurt, olive oil, lemon Preparation: First clean the eggplant and fried it in the oven. Then clean the cuticles and grind it. In a bowl, chop the garlic and salt and add tahan (can be purchased in the boutique Almond), mix and add a little ground eggplant and mix well all together. If you want the sauce to be thicker add a little yogurt and squeeze a few drops of lemon. At the end of the sauce sprinkle with olive oil and garnish with parsley. Amna said: This sauce can be used as a seasoning, but it could be as spread for bread. Dessert: Cream Caramel Ingredients: 9 eggs, 1.5 liters of milk, 6 tablespoons tablespoons sugar, 2 tablespoons of vanilla, a little grated lemon Preparation: First whip the eggs with milk and then add the vanilla and lemon. After that, the little pan, melt the sugar, remove from heat and add a pre-set mixture and mix well using electric mixer until smooth mass.
 At the end of all saspite the mold that you will put in a baking pan filled with water. Cake in pan, bake for about an hour and then leave it to cool down. Then put the cooled cake in the refrigerator for five to six hours. When the cake has cooled enough to turn them over mold on a platter and serve with whipped cream, ice cream or fruit if desired. Share:
 