France has today welcomed a number of strikes paralyzed. To strike are invited employed in public administration, media, industry, banks and post offices, but most have been affected by all forms of transportation and education. One-day strike began late on Monday evening, the eve of presenting a new draft law on pensions in parliament. Was canceled about 40 percent of all high-speed trains, and disrupted the air traffic and public transport in major cities. In many schools, classes are shortened or canceled. When a large protest began in Paris on Tuesday afternoon, union leaders say they have already exceeded a huge turnout from the previous protests in June, which attracted 2 million people. And the French government confirmed that a higher turnout, but are expected to police data, which are always much lower. Police estimated that in June, 800,000 people protested. Analysts have warned that the unions, if they manage to mobilize so many people, it&#39;s hard to succeed protest turned into a strike that will force the government to give.
 Polls show that two thirds of respondents supported the protests because they consider unfair Sarkozy&#39;s plan to move the minimum retirement age from 60 to 62 years and full pension from 65 to 67 years. But two thirds of respondents also believe that strikes will not give results. Sarkozy is not better nor the unions&#39; strike was directed against government plans to increase the age for retirement. President Nicolas Sarkozy said he is ready to expand the list of occupations that will cause bad effects on health workers will be exempted from the reform. But still not giving up on increasing the minimum age for retirement from 60 to 62 years, nor from the fact that the full pension is acquired with 67, but not as far to 65 years. No surrender to the unions and announced an even more vigorous action if it does not withdraw from the controversial pension reform. According to recent polls, two thirds of French voters Sarkozy&#39;s plan as unjust and support the strike, but also believe that it will not change anything.
 The government argues that raising the age limit for retirement is the only way to preserve the stability of the pension system, public debt reduction and maintenance of France&#39;s AAA credit rating, according to Reuters.
 