Wikileaks, the company which published the controversial image of the murder of two loves&#39; and 12 civilians in a Baghdad suburb that was committed by U.S. military helicopter, said on Sunday more than 75,000 confidential documents about the war in Afghanistan. The British Guardian, who got the documents together with the New York Times and the German Der Spiegel described the documents as &quot;a devastating portrait of a failed war in Afghanistan &#39;that led to the murder of hundreds of civilians in incidents going unreported, the strengthening of Taliban attacks, all while NATO commanders suspect that Pakistan and Iran support the rebels. &#39;The Afghan War Diary&#39; with about 76 900 documents of 100 MB was published on page Wikileaks.org to notice that the additional 15.000 documents are preserved, and that will be published as soon as you remove sensitive information like names. Task Force 373 in the war to the end of 2009. 15 506 enemy soldiers killed, 4232 civilians and 1138 soldiers of NATO forces.
 - It shows not only the serious incidents, but a complete dirty war, the death of a child to large operations that have killed hundreds - told the Times co-founder of Wikileaks Julian Assange. In one example mentioned in the &#39;Task Force 373&#39;, which is the command to kill a target without arrest or trial. One report from the search for the leader Al&#39;Qaide states that the &#39;initial assessment was 7 x NC KIA&#39; which means that seven children were killed in action. In another report says: &#39;original mission was aborted, and the TF 373 returned to base. Report: 7 x ANP KIA, 4 WIA x &#39;, in translation, the action that killed seven members of the Afghan police. - The United States condemns the strictest disclosure of confidential information that could endanger the lives of Americans and our partners, and our national security. Wikileaks has not bothered to contact us regarding these documents. U.S. government to publish these documents has been learned through the media.
 This irresponsible behavior will undermine our efforts to deepen its partnership with Afghanistan and Pakistan to defeat a common enemy, and to support the aspirations of the people of Afghanistan and Pakistan - an official statement of national security advisor in Washington, James Jones.
 