At the invitation of Kristine Norges Rada, &quot;the Christian Council of Norway,&quot; the station of the pilgrimage of reconciliation in the country of Norway will be from Friday 17th to Sunday 19th September 2010. In Oslo and Trondheim brother Alois and other brothers of the community will come from young people of faith, but also the doubts and questions. Together they will meet young people from all over Norway and neighboring countries. Daily prayer and meeting in small groups in which to discuss topics from &quot;Letters from China&quot; which was compiled by Brother Alois will be the basis for the program. &quot;Pilgrimage of trust on earth&quot; began in the 1970s the founder of Taizé, Brother Roger. It gathers to meet young people on every continent. Oslo Friday, the 17th September afternoon and evening: arrival the young will be located in the parishes and Christian communities in the city. 16 hours: admission to the cathedral in Oslo 20 Hours: Evening Prayer in the Cathedral in Oslo Saturday, the 18th September Morning prayer and consideration by the host communities, biblical introduction and discussion by small groups in the center of midday prayer Domkirke in Oslo (Oslo Cathedral) afternoon: workshops at various locations in downtown evening meal evening prayer with meditation, Brother Alois in the Cathedral in Oslo gathering with coffee Sunday, the 19th
 September to participate in Sunday morning worship in the parishes of Oslo is the capital of Norway and the seat of the Nobel Peace Prize. Grew out of the town with 9500 inhabitants in the early 19th century to the present 586 000. Around 152 000 immigrants (20,000 Pakistanis, Somalis 9700, 7400 Swedes, 7,000 Tamil from Sri Lanka, 9000 Poles and an undetermined number of those from the Baltic countries. Trondheim Sunday, September 19th evening prayer with meditation Brother Alois in Nidaros Cathedral (Trondheim), Trondheim: a city of pilgrimage. Nidaros Cathedral 1070th began to be built on the site of martyrdom of the first Christian king of Norway, Olav Haroldssona. During the Middle Ages it was the most important place of Christian pilgrimage in northern Europe. Today it is the northernmost medieval cathedral in the world. Pilgrims walk the route to Trondheim called &quot;Ways of St. Olav.&quot; Trondheim is also known as the grad students who make up one sixth of popoulacije.
 Note: Trondheim is situated 500 km from Oslo (about seven hours away by train or car), so most participants will attend the meeting only in Oslo or Trondheim. To register for the meeting or more information: Kristine Norges Work / Christian Council of Norway e-mail
 