Interest in Irish government bonds, which reflect the (non) tendency of investors to finance the government policy in Dublin, rose to 6.75 percent, a record amount for the Irish insurance against bankruptcy - now stands at $ 489,000 for every 10 million of debt. On that occasion, a prominent British economic daily The Financial Times notes that the same kind of movement was recorded in Greece in early April, a month before he was forced to seek international assistance ... Maybe by the end of this or early next week could be clear whether the Irish pulled out of the current crisis of the banking sector edged or we look at the green island, &quot;the second act of the Greek tragedy&quot;. Anglo-Irish Bank, nationalized 2009th year, the government has become a bottomless bag. The bank, which is difficult (or not) must not be let down with the water, immediate needs of the central bank&#39;s new five billion euros. Financial markets suspect that the government in Dublin remedy this situation and is therefore penalized seeking an addition to the growing risk to purchase its bonds.
 And so the interest rate soared to a record 6.75 percent. It is expected that today or tomorrow, Finance Minister Brian Lenihan to announce a definitive estimate of the costs of rehabilitation of the bank by the financial crisis has hit hardest of all Irish banks. These repairs, according to analysts, would cost a minimum of 30 billion euros, which is one fifth of gross domestic product of this country. FT according to the guild bank rescues in Ireland could reach 50 billion euros, or one third of gross national product, but it&#39;s the price to pay in order to regain the confidence of financial markets. The Irish Government must convince investors that it is also able to rescue the banking system and to overcome the budget deficit, which is the highest in the EU. And it will be quite difficult. The economy of Ireland, &quot;Celtic Tiger&quot;, was considered a model of rapid development in modern terms, again in the second quarter of this year, caught in a recession.
 And that evil never comes alone, and threatening a political crisis, because the rash already slim majority of governments around the party-Fianna Fall. Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen said that Ireland will fail to overcome these problems without activation eurovala, or from the fund of 750 billion euros by the experience with Greece formed the country&#39;s euro-zone. The fact is that Ireland, unlike Greece, resort to the harsh austerity measures much earlier, in December 2009. year, but some believe that these measures were too harsh and that they are &quot;crushed&quot; not only costs but also economic growth. Economists agree on one thing - the global crisis is no one so brutally hit as Ireland - the gross national product of the former Celtic Tiger has fallen over the past three years by 17 percent, while the government debt increased rapidly due to the rehabilitation of the banking sector by almost 100 billion euros. Government guarantees for the banking sector as a whole for the amount of over 400 billion euros, accounting for 2.5 of GDP of the country.
 And so investotori refused to buy government bonds, and not jumped into the European Central Bank (ECB) and bought almost all of the following would probably interest flew over 10 percent, maybe as much as 12 percent in May was for Greek bonds ... Unprecedented austerity measures that the government has taken the instruction of the IMF, led to the fact that one in six Irish unemployed, and the country slipping into a new recession. As a member of the Euro-zone can not unilaterally devalue its currency, the only way is to increase competitiveness - reducing the living standards of employees. This means that the economy continues to deteriorate ...
 