Russian capital is more often included in Europe&#39;s biggest football clubs. After Chelsea, who is in the hands of billionaire Roman Abramovich, the world&#39;s largest gas producer and Russia&#39;s largest company Gazprom wants to buy 25 to 30 percent of shares of Milan. Europe&#39;s largest sports daily La Gazzetta dello Sport says that negotiations on the takeover of shares already in an advanced stage. Gazetta claimed that Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who is already 24 years the owner of Milan, he decided, due to the recession, the club opened the door to foreign capital, to &#39;rossonero&#39; back to the old paths of glory. However, Berlusconi has denied it, even a bit angry at the question put to him on the subject. - Sale of Milan? I do not understand how these questions just ask me, who had made history of the club and I am the president who brought the most trophies. I have always attached much attention to Milan, I made many sacrifices for the club and if anyone thinks that my family has not invested enough, I will say that last year we invested more than 50 million euros per year.
 It seems even too much - he replied Berlusconi telelfonskom switched on (their own) TV channel Canale 5th Milan is Berlusconi&#39;s rule won five European Championship titles and seven times a champion of Italy, but in the last three seasons struggling with poor results, in the shadow of city rivals Inter, who this season won the triple crown. Despite Berlusconi&#39;s denial, well versed on not giving up claims of Gazprom joining the club. The Russian company would have been 25 to 30 percent stake owned by the club to pay between 150 and 180 million euros. Gazprom produces 30 percent of European demand for gas, and is 95-percent owner of the Zenit St Petersburg, who was two years ago won the UEFA Cup (now Champions League). New coach Allegri? Financial injections from the Russian energy giant would certainly be an important step in creating a new Milan. Realized if Gazprom entrance to the club or not, the new coach &#39;Rossoneri&#39; should be Massimiliano Allegri, 42-year-old who has been in the past two seasons led Cagliari.
 Milan vice-president and chief executive Adriano Galliani has admitted that there Allegri &#39;pole position&#39;, although he stressed that it is too early to talk about it. - Allegra has a contract with Cagliari to 30 June However, with their president Massimo Cellino always have a great relationship and will remain so - said Galliani. Truthfully, though still has a contract with Cagliari, Allegri no longer coach the club from Sardinia. President Cellino has given his resignation a month and a half ago, after the club fell into a crisis of results, and he recorded nine games without a win. A previously Allegro went great with Cagliari, whose bench took over two years ago. In his first season led them to ninth place Serie A, which was a great success considering the modest budget. I like this season started, but this spring broke into a crisis, so at the end almost brought into question the survival of the first Italian league.
 Until the victory did not come even after Allegrijeve shifts, with a new coach Melissa Giorgio played only four draws in five rounds remaining. Thanks to a distinguished start of the season, to them, however, was enough for 16 place and remain among the best. Allegri in February this year in the election of all Serie A coaches got panchina d&#39;oro (Golden Bench), the award for best coach in the 2008-09 season., When New York was ninth. Before he took over Cagliari, Empoli was the coach, who was two years ago led to the historic placement of a third in the Italian second division (Sassuolo is now fighting for involvement in Serie A). It seems that Milan and Allegro, but all agreed, and apparently the 42-expert like Berlusconi and, in particular its style of play in a 4-3-1-2 formation. In such a system would probably Ronaldinho playing behind the two rush hours, Pato and Marco Borriello. Toni Bilic
 