Transitional Government of Kyrgyzstan, which has drawn opposition announced that it has taken full control of the country after two days of unrest in that killed at least 68 persons and dissolved the parliament, international news agencies reported. Prime Danijar Usenov signed his resignation. Power is completely in the hands of the opposition. In accordance with a decision on the transfer of government, dissolve parliament. Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev has not resigned and is trying to gather their supporters in the south of the country and defend his position, said the new transitional government of Prime Minister Roza Otunbajeva. In the meantime krigistanska news agency Kabar reported that Bakiyev in his residence in the southern town of Osu. Reuters reports that approximately 2000 people gathered in Osu and seek Bakijevovu resignation. He, in turn, announced a statement that says not to resign and accused the opposition of being responsible for violence in the past two days.
 We want to negotiate his resignation. His job here is done. People who were here yesterday killed the victims of his regime, said Otunbajeva. She takes over the presidential and governmental powers, and has vowed to restore the country illegally privatized property. These are two electricity companies. Armed forces crossed the border on the side of the transitional government, said the defense minister of the transitional government. The protests that began Tuesday in the northwestern city of Kyrgyzstan wave spread to other regions and the capital Bishkek. According to the latest figures from the Ministry of Health, in clashes in Kyrgyzstan, killing 68 people and injured more than 500 However, one of the leaders of the opposition Omurbek Tekebajev argued that killed hundreds of people. Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said the conflict in Kyrgyzstan was an extreme form of public protest. This is an internal matter of Kyrgyzstan, but the form that took the protest refers to the ultimate level of public anger, said a spokeswoman for Dmitry Medvedev, adding that the President considers that it is now important to prevent further suffering and to establish control in the country.
 Flights from air bases in Manasu in Kyrgyzstan, which is used for its U.S. operations in Afghanistan, were temporarily suspended and some aircraft were transferred to other bases, said the NATO forces in Afghanistan.
 