Seventeenth day of the war, we must realize that we are faced with clear choices: to enter into war with Syria, intentionally or unintentionally, or to reach a framework agreement in the north, which necessarily must include Hezbollah and Syria. It is an old story about a gambler who loses: can not stop. Continues to play is to regain lost. Continues to lose and continue to gamble until they lose all the ground, a woman, suit. The same thing is happening to the greatest stake: war. Leaders who initiate war and the fall in the mire they are forced to fight and crawl deeper into the mud. It is part of the virtuous nature of war: it is impossible to stop after a failure. The public wants the promised victory. Incompetent generals must cover their failures. Military commentators and other armchair strategists from requiring a massive offensive. Cynical politicians are riding the same wave. The government has given a sense of allure to the other side of itself to lose. Last week occurred the battle of Bint-Jbeil, which the Arabs have already begun to proudly call Nasrallahgrad.
 And all Israel heard the crying requirements: enter into it! Faster! Next! Deeper! Day after bloody battles, the government has decided on a massive mobilization of reserve forces. Why? Ministers do not know. But that does not depend on them, nor the generals. Political and military leadership was thrown into the waters of the war like a boat without rudder. As already said, it is much easier to start than to finish the war. The Government believes that controls the war, but in reality the war controls them. They created a tiger and not sure it will not be iskomadani. War has its rules. Unexpected things happen and dictate the next moves. And the next moves are developed in one direction: escalation. Dan Halutz, the father of the war, he thought it might eliminate the Hezbollah action of air power, the most sophisticated, most efficient and generally super-duper air force in the world. Several days of massive stumbling, thousands of tons of bombs at close quarters, roads, power plants and ports - and that&#39;s it.
 So, did not turn out to be wanted. Hezbollah rockets continue to fall on northern Israel, hundreds a day. The public is frightened. He was not thinking about launching ground forces. The first involved a small, elite units. It is not helpful. Then the dislocated brigade. Now we have heard demands for the inclusion of entire divisions. The first is intended to destroy Hezbollah positions along the border. When it was realized that this was not enough, it was decided to conquer the hills that dominate the border area. There they were greeted by Hezbollah fighters and caused heavy losses. The rockets continued to fly and fall. Now the generals are convinced that there is no option but to occupy the entire area of the Litani River, 24 kilometers from the border, is to prevent the launching of rockets from the area. Then you will discover that they have come to the river Awal, 40 kilometers in depth, the famous 40 miles of that in 1982. said Menachem Begin (then prime minister of Israel, lauerat Nobel Peace Prize and the first Likud Party of Prime Minister, op.
 FB). And then? The Israeli army will be laid out on a large territory and exposed to guerrilla attacks characteristic of Hezbollah. And the rockets continue to fly and fall. What next? It can not be stopped. The public will look for more decisive moves. Political demagogues will scream. Commentators will grumble. People in shelters will cry. The generals will feel hatred. It can not be tens of thousands of reservists to hold indefinitely in the mobilization. It is impossible to prolong a situation in which a third country paralyzed. All the yelling that goes on in the storm. Where? According to Beirut in the north? Or, to Damascus, to the east? Government ministers repeated in unison: No! Never, no-where! We will not invade Syria. Maybe some of them really do not intend to. Do not dream of war with Syria. Definitely not. But ministers are mistaken if you believe that govern war. Rat control them. When it becomes clear that nothing works, that Hezbollah continues to fight and rockets continue to fall, and the political leadership will face bankruptcy.
 They will have someone to blame. Who? Assad, of course (Bashar al-Assad, the current president of Syria, op. FB). How is it possible that a small terrorist organization, a few thousand fighters overall, continues to fight? Where do get a weapon? Finger will be pointed at Syria. Even now, army commanders say that the new rockets Hezbollah coming from Syria. True, the roads are bombed, bridges destroyed, but somehow still weapons coming. The Government of Israel requests that the international forces are located not only along the Israeli-Lebanese border, but also along the Lebanon-Syria also. The list of volunteers will not be long. Then the generals ask for the bombing of roads and bridges in Syria. For this to happen, the Syrian air force will have to be neutralized. In short, the real war, with consequences for the entire Middle East. Ehud Olmert and Amir Peretz did not think about when you were 17 days ago in haste and recklessly, without serious debate, without examining other options, no calculation of risk, they decided to attack Hezbollah.
 For politicians who do not know what is war, it was an irresistible temptation: it was pure provocation of Hezbollah, international support is provided, what a wonderful opportunity! Will do what Sharon did not even dare. Dan Halutz has proposed an offer that could not refuse. A nice little war. Military plans were already prepared and trained. Cinch. Especially since the other side was not a real army but a terrorist organization. What a source of desire is bursting in the hearts of Olmert and Peretz proves the fact that they are not even thinking of the lack of shelters in the northern cities, not to mention the far-reaching economic and social implications. The main thing was to hurry up and pick up laurels. Are not seriously thinking about war aims. Now resemble archers who will fire the arches on the blank paper and then draw circles around the arrow fired. The goals are changing daily: to destroy Hezbollah, disarm them, expel them from southern Lebanon, or just, perhaps, to weaken it.
 Nasrallaha kill Hassan. Bring the captured soldiers home. Sovereignty of the Lebanese Government to expand the whole Lebanon. Establish a new-old security zone under Israeli occupation. Place the Lebanese army and / or international forces along the border. Rehabilitate. Etched in the consciousness of Hezbollah. (Our generals like to commit to consciousness. It is a beautiful and safe aim to achieve, since it can not be measured.) What a nice little war continues, it becomes clear that changing the targets is not realistic. Lebanese ruling group does not represent anyone other than small, rich and corrupt elite. The Lebanese army can not and will not fight against Hezbollah. The new security zone will be exposed to guerrilla attacks, and international forces will come to the area without permission from Hezbollah. And the guerrilla army, Hezbollah, the Israeli army can not conquer. This is nothing shameful. Our army is in good - or rather - bad company.
 The term guerrilla (little war) was coined in Spain during the Napoleonic occupation of the country. Spanish outlaws attacked the invaders and won them. The same thing happened to the Russians in Afghanistan, the French in Algeria, the British in Palestine and in all other colonies, the Americans in Vietnam, as they are happening now in Iraq. Even assuming that Dan Halutz and Udi Adam (supreme commander of Northern Command and the coordinator of the war against Hezbollah, op. FB) higher commanders of Napoleon and his Marshals, will succeed where these have failed. When Napoleon did not know what to do next, invaded Russia. If you do not stop military operations, will take us to war with Syria. Condoleezza Rice stubborn opposition to any attempt to stop the war, shows that this war aim of the United States. From the first day of presidency, George Bush, the neoconservatives are calling for the elimination of Syria. The deeper Bush sinks into the swamp of Iraq, the more he needs to draw attention to another adventure.
 By the way: the day before the outbreak of the war, Minister of National Infrastructure, Binyamin Ben-Eliezer, took part in the inaugural ceremony of a large pipeline that carried oil from the Caspian Sea to the Turkish port of Ceyhan, close to the Syrian border. The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan oil pipeline bypasses Russia and passes through Azerbaijan and Georgia, two countries closely associated with Israel, as it is linked to Turkey itself. There is a plan that is part of the oil shipped from the Syrian and Lebanese coast to Ashkelon, to connect to Eilat, and that this oil is exported to the Far East. Israel and Turkey provide an area for the United States. Does it happen otklizavanje to war with Syria? Are there alternatives? Of course it does. To stop the war immediately. When U.S. President Lyndon Johnson felt that sinking in a sea of Vietnam, he asked friends for advice. One of them answered in five words: declare victory and run away from there! We can do it.
 Cease to invest and invest in a failed business. Be satisfied with what we get. Example: the agreement that Hezbollah would be moved a few kilometers from the border, along which would set the international troops and / or the Lebanese army, and to exchange prisoners. Olmert would be able to present this as a great victory, to claim that we got what we wanted, we gave the Arabs a lesson, that no one had intended to achieve more. Nasrallah will also argue that won a major victory, pointing out that the Zionist enemy a lesson that took place not forget that Hezbollah is continuing, strong and armed, and that the freed Lebanese prisoners. True, it&#39;s not a lot. But this is what can be done to minimize losses, as they say in the business world. It can happen. If Olmert is clever enough to get out of the traps, before all falls into it (folk wisdom says: a smart person is one who is out of the traps in which a wise man would not have fallen.).
 And if Condoleezza gets permission from his boss to allow. Seventeenth day of the war, we must realize that we are faced with clear choices: to enter into war with Syria, intentionally or unintentionally, or to reach a framework agreement in the north, which necessarily must include Hezbollah and Syria. The focus of such an agreement would be the Golan Heights. Olmert and Peretz are not thinking about these poisonous 12th details July, when they took the opportunity to start a nice little war. But again, if they ever thought? (Translated: Faruk Boric)
 