Author: Marco Santini Published: 28.01.2010 An investigation is underway and the first information on whether the recall affected by the Croatian drivers of Toyota vehicles will have later this or early next week, said Mark Benvin, a spokesman for Toyota Croatia ZAGREB - Toyota&#39;s massive recall Vehicle-related zapinjujuće accelerator today affected the European market. It has been confirmed, namely, that the problem, which was thought to be influenced only to vehicles produced and sold in the United States, &#39;extended&#39; on vehicles intended for the European market, but is not yet known about exactly which model works and the number of vehicles which will be revoked. Supposedly will be revoked about two million of Toyota&#39;s &#39;European&#39; car, but this information spokesman of the European subsidiaries of Japanese manufacturers on Thursday refused to confirm. It is known only to Toyota Motor Europe intensively working to bring resolution to this problem.
 RELATED NEWS News currently not yet known whether and to what extent recall associated with the accelerator to draw Toyota vehicles sold in the Croatian market. - An investigation is underway and the first information on whether the recall affect the Croatian drivers of Toyota vehicles will have later this or early next week - said Mark Benvin, a spokesman for Toyota CROATIJA. If it is discovered that the Toyota vehicles sold in Croatia have a problem with a sticking throttle, their owners will be so informed immediately. The U.S. has so far withdrawn more than eight million cars because of problems with the throttle on some Toyota models, such as Camryja, U.S. version Corolla and RAV-4 and the others. Among other things, came to a sticking throttle in the final position of the accelerator and slow return to original position after its release, which is in the U.S. caused several traffic accidents.
 After last week recalled 2.3 million vehicles, Toyota said on Wednesday in the U.S. stopped selling eight models affected by the problem with the accelerator pedal. Wall Street Journal stated that Toyota first noticed problems with the pedals in March 2007. in the Tundra pickup, a problem in Europe first appeared in December 2008. on the city&#39;s Yaris and Aygu the wheel on the right side, and cars primarily intended for the UK market. Toyota&#39;s internal investigation revealed that the &#39;problem&#39; vehicles cause condensation problems in heating systems that caused friction in the throttle and its eventual pinning. Toyota in August 2009. Europe solved this problem lengthened throttle lever and changing the materials used in all the recalled models. Number of recommendations: 17 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 