&quot;Neither Eve nor Adam&quot; Belgian writer Amélie Nothomb stuck around for me ever since I came under her arm superfamous djelce terror. In this autobiographical story of simpatiènoj nedaæama young European women employed in a large Japanese Company in Tokyo, the author with a lot of intelligent humor sent a few poison arrows in the direction of his former chiefs-muèitelja. Now in her latest novel translated under the title Neither Eve nor Adam learned additional details of the age in Japan is èijom Amélie young people desiring to become so, but from which he eventually had to helter-skelter to escape. Or at least we Nothomb wants to convince: &quot;The fear and dread he could create the impression that I was in Japan, in adulthood, it was just a terrible worker. Neither Eve nor Adam would discover that I am at the same time in the same place and was zaruènica Tokijca very special, &quot;says the author.
 Neither Eve nor Adam (Vukoviæ &amp; Runjiæ, Zagreb 2009., Translated from French Anja Joviæ) is only apparently love story, about a young belgian and Japanese who accidentally susreæu and geared to meet each other like two trains that one, after long rides, at one station and should meet, but in the end it does not happen. The ride is comfortable and safe, filled with beautiful moments of joint, but does not lead to, in fact it is more driving in circles. For Amélie finally, alarmed by announcing the arrival at the destination that is more frightening than any Of what else, brakes and manually withdrawn - leaving the train. The metaphor of travel falls to me that somehow in my mind, and will be that it has to do with the numerous suggestions autorièina unrest, the desire for mobility, volatility. Although in a perfectly happy relationship with tankoæutnim, attentive, strange Rinrijem, young Amélie miles away from the ecstasy of love. Exceedingly more ushiæuje climb Mount Fuji and the mystical encounter with the threatening forces of nature, while flashes of fear in a snow hut on zametenoj zabaèenom clearing.
 While the description of life with Rinrijem so sober and sanity, because it is so natural to love there is no place, Amelia is on the other hand, from the bottom of the soul in love with Japan and Japanese people. With the exception Rinrija, which is held in a separate compartment of your heart where love has no place. But it is uopæe love? In the novel about the relationship that inevitably reflects through cultural, linguistic and civilizational clash between European women and the Japanese, the name of love gets a new meaning. We realize that love is perhaps just a game: for him, or else who loves and &quot;play&quot; (in Japanese verb meaning asobu, everything did not work in the narrow sense, can be a &quot;game&quot;), and then for her, which learns His rules of the game but do not want to accept, so that keeps him in love, everything is permitted. What is in some way, still just a game. The old &quot;wisdom&quot; to learn foreign languages best in conjunction with a person who is a native speaker of that language.
 Amélie Rinrin and absorb each other linguistic knowledge and competence, and with it a strange chemistry, and the feeling of love. It is awkward that they are just definitions differ: on to her grown Typical romantic love (and Japanese), while all she feels toward him just liking, èednost (who). &quot;He played the love, intoxicated by this newspaper, and I naslaðivala koijem,&quot; says Amélie. &quot;When he was not there, I am not missing,&quot; he says. What&#39;s the catch was, what was missing Rinriju? Is it perhaps was not sufficiently masculine, potent, zavodnièki mood? Will never know. Adam and Eve have long been banished from paradise, perfect love stories do not exist. And so we had a chance to find out, in case of Amélie and Rinrina even less. Coming to the last, 180 pages of the book, the author notes with relief that instead of &quot;silly love stories,&quot; the former koibitom (dear) binds something much better and nobler.
 Neither Adam nor Eva &#39;, but rather something only their (what?). (The answer, perhaps, knows Snake-san.) Amélie Nothomb (born 1967th in Kobe, Japan), the Belgian ambassador&#39;s daughter. She spent her childhood in Japan, China, USA, Burma, Bangladesh and Laos. Lots of writing and publishing, and it is known that loves to wear these unusual and striking hats. - 17:45 - Comments (7) - Print - # Friday, 15.10.2010. &quot;Japanese Journal&quot; Rade Jarak Records returnees from Japan, we are always very intriguing reading, because I myself (recent) trackbacks, so I logically interested in the experience of those who think about what they have to tell you. (Let&#39;s be frank, if Karl Mayu was possible to write about Indians in America that has never kroèio foot, to write in such a way about Japan has never been, nor will not be possible.) Èitam While these texts, on my lips usually vibrates Mali ironic smile because I, of course, endlessly amused to find out what is the corresponding learned, or think they learned, about Japan.
 My recent interest in pobuðeni literary creations, and ways of returnees has one unusual side effect. In fact, since I returned to the hard native soil, the principle of mimicry I have taken some necessary characteristics of his countrymen, so I&#39;m a bit irritable lately and I love norglat. It happens to me even when èitam. So when we in these tales, songs, or particles Diary on Japan something distracts, because in my opinion is not authentic, persuasive, or even inaccurate faktièki, e, then I uzjogunim. We start zanovijetat. Picajzlit. Mak propel the thread. (Reader you that my post about the inverted Chinese character on the board? Well, you can find it in this style.) In today&#39;s review of &quot;Japanese Journal&quot; Rade Jarka had I would, therefore, some of his reasons for squirming uncomfortably in a chair. Not so much because of the record, which we are doing and painful to exploiting the authentic and real, but rather because vjeènog questions: What is a publisher, not the poet, actually wanted to say? &quot;Japanese Journal&quot; Croatian writer and painter Radek Jarka (roð.
 1968.) Published by VBZ, Zagreb, is the latest work of the recently active authors. The subtitle of the book is &quot;Nihon Nikki&quot;, which is a direct translation of the title. This is a Diary records created during the author&#39;s petomjeseènog stay in Japan from August 2009. until January 2010th year as part of his painting residential program in Tokyo and the northern province Fukushimi. Diary begins Járkov arrival in Tokyo megalopolis, who still meet the aircraft &quot;fear and trembling&quot; in the cultural, technological and civilizational terms, a city in najkraæem time becomes his obsession. Cultural shock in the new situation, a man came upon the raid, it is entirely understandable and expected. Testimony such as this, like virgin pure and unique to me as a lost paradise, an experience that is never gonna happen again - indeed, it is the Japanese Ichigo, Ichi. (I am sorry that I kept a diary during the first year of residence in Japan.
 First year and a half I was just absorbing everything, uvlaèila themselves. All it took on a form until much later, in the records on the blog.) Arrival in Japan, which is the author&#39;s own admission of some kind of escape from reality Mueni in Croatia (stress, anxiety, personal and business problems), for the start of some Jarka new and hitherto unimaginable frustration and pain. Thus, the writer faces the incredible fact that the Tokyo subway full analphabet: all signs are in Japanese, which he does not know. Dependence on other states to review it&#39;s own sense of freedom. Indeed, as a foreigner in Japan, easy to experience the indignity - if you let yourself! For luck, Jarak is firmly of the material, restless, kinetièki type, can not live without movement and change. So after a few wonderful, kafkaeskno fantazmagoriènih days in the labyrinth of Tokyo prèvarnica, pušionica and &quot;troughs&quot; (as he calls ubiquitous vending machines with drinks), leaving still there where it originally went: in the highland province of Fukushima north of Tokyo, where he will iduæih months intensive (and fruitful) to deal with painting and writing, but &quot;asking yourself&quot;.
 Or to describe it or else be ascetic, naked, half-hungry existence palpable in the pictures omršavjelog, ispijenog writer somewhere in the Japanese mountain backwoods, where the cold autumn and winter, an eerily icy, in the realm of foxes and tanuki macaques, and in some deliriènim moments, perhaps and white zeèeva who literally Jarak pretrèavaju the sight. In Nishi Aizu, as it is called the selendra deep šumetinama Fukushime, author of several months, forced to live very modestly, from irregularly isplaæivane Japanese scholarship of one hundred euros a month, and again depend on the goodwill that it sometimes sumještana honor installments, as it meets the zahvalnošæu, but us Westerners inherent unease. We are not accustomed to it. As we imagined life without kafiæa, cell phones and latiniènih characters on the keyboard computers. In such circumstances, the (temporary) comfort can be provided only sake (if and when it has), cigarettes and some erotic episodes with local women èeljadetom.
 As much as he pleased samoæa and separation from the world, because they give off a creative and give it an artistic momentum, ditches until the last moment of fear that they will &quot;craze in Japan that&quot; among the Japanese who are themselves &quot;crazy like a rifle.&quot; This samoæa, odsjeèenosti feeling of our own civilization and of everything known in Japan is an authentic experiential categories unrelated to a specific area physically. You can experience the snowy ravines Fukushime, but in the midst of the magnificent Japanese capital. Hard, and maybe to work with me and agreed, that so many lonely souls nowhere, as there are in Tokyo. I do not think that only foreigners, but rather on the Japanese: Tokyo is the world capital of samoæe. Additional &quot;otežavajuæa&quot; circumstance for a writer is that you can not get rid of your europocentriènog and quite paranoid treatment of Japanese and some cultural differences it irritating to the borders of pain and fear, while others adopt the specific instinctive, almost at the level of zen Stoicism.
 Rade Jarak saved by the work - writing, painting, drawing. Introspective. Trying perspective. Woden strašæu learns to enjoy the little things - is neither the first nor the last to whom the &quot;dawn&quot; just in Japan, land of miniatures and small pleasures in life. Almost mystical experience of nature and supernatural beings - Camus, the spiritual substance of what the country preaching the Japanese šintoistièko learning, the input is just At the moment samoæe and sorrow, far from metropolitan chaos and the babble of civilization. Now I go a little picajzlit, for the sake. And a victorious smile. With all these qualities, &quot;Japanese Journal&quot; unfortunately confirms that old, corny cliche of which some already somewhat hair-raising, it is a syndrome of which, it seems, suffer us work. It is manifested as follows: As soon enters into Japanese asphalt, where there are people, and no later than the ploèniku Shibuya, and similar Roppongija fourth noænih dates, the average foreigner (Gaijin) sooner or later will see the first remotely nice young Japanese woman and instantly go haywire / fall in love / go crazy for her.
 Yeeeeee-ha, how many beautiful women in the Japan! Poludjet would for other young flip flops, which is on the remote archipelago of several million of which is impossible to separate views, what, at least until retirement. Suddenly it all, but not all young Japanese women sensual, irresistible and sexy. Etc.. Ditch in his mid mourning situation might not gives the impression of a typical Charisma Man, but that it opèinile Japanese women, is more than evident. Already on the second page of the text concludes: &quot;The girls are beautiful, in school uniforms, half-naked ...&quot; And so it still remains below the borders obsession with Japanese women, their skin, body, krhkošæu, clothes they wear, or better say, not wear. Maybe it comes to mid-life crisis, and maybe something else. Whatever it is authentic to the pain. And causes an acute allergy to me and the rest gaijinske female population. (Mother to me, on this one I&#39;ll write a book.) Let&#39;s even the authenticity, and Grin a little.
 What is the publisher would say its superficial editing and proofreading, I wonder? Sure to ditch daily occasionally uses the original Japanese terms, and clearly I was the day that does not rule, nor can rule all these concepts to perfection. Is it mere authenticity is left deliberately misspelling the following Japanese words, or is it something else: - &quot;geijin&quot; instead of &quot;Gaijin&quot; (no, not the gay one, it is a widely prihvaæenoj label for foreigners in Japan) - &quot;mash-mash&quot; instead of &quot;Moshi-moshi&quot; (hello) - &quot;cataclysm&quot; instead of &quot;katakana (Japanese alphabet! mother dear!) -&quot; katsoubashi &quot;instead of&quot; katsuobushi &quot;(a type of rice sprinkled with dried fish); - write numbers &quot;within Yun-ju-sai&quot; (64 years, should write to: yon), &quot;San Hyak go ju yen&quot; (350 yen to write: &quot;San byaku go ju en&quot;) Or VBZ no duty to lecturers Japanese, or is it something else, but these mistakes would hardly have occurred to the text before the break failed to hand someone who has a basic idea about the Japanese.
 That at least ask me, no matter arranged them to Aunt Kuèanica zaæas, iron hand before doruæka. For a fee, of course. Oæete yet? There&#39;s more. Home to me is not like anything special, the drawing of Japanese &quot;medvjediæa&quot; drafted in a hurry and in a few basic moves, what are my Hawkeye is noted, it is maleic distorting write Japanese character &quot;Ki&quot; in the words of &quot;Nikki&quot; (Diary). But well, the plane can not be seen. On the back is nicely inserted pictures train tickets on line at Shibuya value of 120 yen, just giving the knowledge that the ticket or else the hard cardboard so it is not that the folded edge as the image he wants to suggest a Graphical editor / editor. Makar is authentic and very cool. So. Fala to your attention. To end another important information related to &quot;Japanese Journal&quot;: Tonight, the Friday, the 15th October in 20 hours at the City Library in Zagreb, Starèeviæev trg 6, the Dome Gallery, 3
 floor will be held Friday at the Literary entitled &quot;Japan&#39;s Diary&quot; by Rade Jarak. Besides the author, the book will speak Nenad Medeliæ and Literary Editor Friday Boris Peric. - 18:15 - Comments (21) - Print - #&gt;
 