Forget all the announcements and kalkukacije. It is time to know how it will look fabulous on the FIFA experiment dangerous southern Africa. For the opening ceremony itself demonstrated the independence of the differences, because they could be monitored only the deepest pockets. Given that Europe is in the throes of recession, ticket sales were saved by Americans. Only half-filled Soccer City was accompanied by a cute, colorful show, which is slightly more than half an hour of Africa presented the world with its traditional folklore. In its 19th edition of the World Cup, the biggest tournament on earth, for the first time he arrived in Africa. Although the beauty of a poor country and its black and white world related information on millions of zaražemih AIDS, the highest crime rates, rape every 26 seconds and more than 50 murders a day, football will be here in the background. We get, among other things, and what it feels like the first time to watch World Cup without his team, as the opening ceremony, but we know that we will drive mad the deafening sound of Vuvuzela.
 32 teams from 32 countries, classified into eight groups, will fight for African throne. Among them, six countries from Africa. Prvennstvo will guest in the nine host cities: Polokwane, Rustenburg, Nelspruit, Pretoria, Johannesburg, Mangaung, Port Elizabeth and Cape Town. South African odyssey began on a spectacular Soccer City, which will host the most important trials: the opening World Cup (16:00, South Africa - Mexico) and the final. Soccer City was built to look like an ancient African pot &#39;Calabash&#39;, and looks especially impressive at night. Soccer City is the heart of South African football is played on it and the African Nations Cup finals 1996th, which is a JAR and then won. 91-year-old Nelson Mandela, the legendary chairman, charismatic and a fighter against apartheid, Nelson Mandela, however, failed to appear at the opening ceremony. Former president in mourning after the tragic death of his 13-year grandchildren, who died in a car accident after returning from a concert in honor of the opening Mundijala, held on Thursday at the Orlando Stadium in Soweto.
 The news was confirmed from its foundation, which contacted the South African and world public in his name. Spetkatkla hour from south Africa to broadcast live in 215 countries around the world, opening a World Cup track is more than 500 million people. Have fulfilled the words of Lulu Xingwana, South African Minister of Arts and Culture, which was promised to be the opening of the African art of feast, song and dance. The spectacle of the opening was attended by more than 1500 performers - volunteers, of whom the youngest is six and the oldest 68 years. Vuvuzela sound echoed from the stadium long before the official start of the opening, but the stadium was half an hour before the African supporters are ready to present to the world. World figures who keep up with much svohe reputation, will indicate to the Soccer City. U.S. President Barack Obama, Naomi Campbell, David Beckham - are just some of them. However, not all the features like these, &quot;Highnesses&quot; to reach Afirka.
 Soccer City for half an hour before the opening was filled only 20 percent of total capacity, to the ceremony began before the half-empty stadium. Otvarile the notice of the small number of tickets sold, especially in Europe. Approached the Johannesburg Stadium, the largest in Africa, however, are packed with fans who could not afford a ticket. &quot;It&#39;s time to shine Afirka&quot;, the song that set off the African spectacle, ut post hosts to be proud of this day. The traditional, dramatic African music is accompanied by the beautiful photographs of South Africa on video walls. Leitmotif in the continuation of the ceremony - the cradle of humanity. The organizers did not forget to point out that Africa is all around us. Legendary African trumpeter Hugh Masekela, Femi Kuti Nigerian, Algerian afro-pop band, and Khaled Hip Hop Pantsula, most African rapper, were local forces at Soccer City. At least until it comes out Bafana Bafana.Pjesma Hope performed in honor Siphiwoa Ntshebea, one of the greatest African ambassador to the world, the heavenly voice of a man who was supposed to perform at the opening, but in the 35th
 age died from bacterial meningitis. Their five minutes on stage and got the R. Kelly, who performed one of the anthems of priority, Sign of victiory, and the choreography is accompanied by the flags of all 176 countries that participated in qualifying. Finally, the stadium and the stands filled. Just somewhere to 75 percent of capacity ... In the final act of the ceremony performers are their bodies agree the World Cup logo and everything is ready for the official kick-off - a meeting of South Africa and Mexico. spread: index.hr Tags: sp 2010 | 2010 jar | the opening 2010 World Cup | World Cup opening jar 2010
 