In front of around 8000 spectators, with attendance of the President WAKO World Kickboxing Federation Mr. enia Falsonija and under the supervision of Mr. Igor Juska, K1 association representatives for Europe and the prof. Dear Znaor, president of the Croatian Kickboxing Federation, in the presence of Romania&#39;s beauties, all organized by prof. Brand Žaje - kicked off the tenth anniversary &quot;Invoicing in the ring.&quot; Opening fight - K1 Max: 1 Joseph Gelo Vs. Finko Barišiæ judges decision 2:1 won Finko Barišiæ Reserve Fight - K1 Max: 2 Zlatko Bajic Vs. Alin Vaccarini (ITA) decision of the judges won 3:0 Zlatko Bajic (Cro) Reserve Fight - K1: 3 Marko Desa Vs. Joseph mariæ first round has gone into the initiative and the benefits of brand. Mark was active and accurate, however, has not found the right way to end the fight. For now, the advantage of the brand. In the second round of Joseph active and preczniji: Marko better use tahnike leg, the advantage of Joseph were manually techniques.
 The second round protièe fairly the same. A third round is still in the slight advantage of Mark. Mark Excellent benefits high kick, low kick but could be useful and uèinkoviiji. So he advises and angle. Joseph relies on manually techniques and fairly effective. Early in the second minute third Mark placed round the left upercut the liver Joseph, and the referee counts to 10 counts KO in the 3rd round was won by Mark Desa - Pit Bull, Zagreb. Formal opening starts with beautiful girls from Romania. It is good that are nice, shame he is not Spliæanke, because we know that Spliæanke most beautiful in the world. But it is a subject of another blog. He plays to our beautiful, flying the flags of all of the participants - America, Morocco, Algeria, Slovenia, Austria, France, Romania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Italy and of course Croatian. At the opening ceremony were President of the World Federation of WAKO Mr. Ennio Falsone, and the representative organization K1 Igor Jusko.
 There is also Mr Predrag Znaor - WAKO Pro representative for Croatia, as supervisor of the competition. Qualifications K1 Max: 4 Luke Tomiæ (Cro) vs. Mirko Vorkapiè (Slo) First round protièe the equitable exchange of blows, and both ruènih and foot techniques for both fighters. With few effective techniques ruènih Luka lures the audience applause. All in all, Luke Tomiæa slight advantage. Beginning the second round was definitely on the side of Mirko - is active, attacks, is an effective, especially in a hand-held techniques. But Luke well neutralize attacks Mirka. However, Mirko is more effective in this round achieves the advantage. Luke begins the third round of an effective kick out of turns and encourage the audience cheering. Mirko is a constant at all times and consistently achieving scores. evenly hand and foot techniques fairly stable and maintains its advantage. However, the question is what the judges saw and recorded. Judges were evaluated after 3 rounds to require an extra round, the audience is not exactly supported, but - Homing Homing terrain is the terrain, it is likely that the verdict.
 And the fourth round protièe and the first three rounds - Mirko Vorkapièa mild dominance, but dominance. In the end, the judges deciding unanimously win-Mirka Vorkapièa. 5th John Stupalo (Cro) vs. Marius Tietz (Rom) The second semifinal begins with an exchange of low kick, a hand-held techniques such as the fighters are tested. All in all, beginning a sharp but fairly steady and the same. On several occasions John elicits applause from the audience, however, Marius uzvraæa immediately. At the end of Stupalo right hook knocking Tietz, the referee counts to 8, and ends the round. The second round begins with the initiative of Romania. However, after some exchange of blows, Romania faced Stupalo low kick in the stomach, gets a negative point, and Stupalo is still recovering. The struggle continues and ends with an even exchange of punches. A third round starts again at the initiative of Romania. Constant attacks, mostly hand-held techniques. Beaten pretty good blocking, but Romania still achieves points, always has the initiative and presents itself as a willing and a better fighter.
 Most of the negative points in the second round, at the end of the fight the judges were unanimous in their decision. The winner was John Stupalo, but the audience does not agree with that decision. According to the reaction of Mr. Juska K1 meèeva supervisors, judges decision is correct and without any doubts. Qualifications Q1: 6 Agron Preteni (Cro) vs. Henry Bannert (Aut) First impression - Bennert is a little higher, longer arms and legs, Preteni act stronger. In this impression, but also the realization protièe first round. Agron was stronger, although not very precise, Henry tries to maintain distance. All in all, the first round ends fairly equivalent to the result. In the second round of initiatives Pretenija. Right hook to the liver breaks Preteni Austrian judge counting to 8, and lets continue the fight. Already in the first its next attack, Preteni re-purpose and affects the liver Henriya, it crashes, the referee counted, but this time to 10 and stops the fight. KO after 1 minute and 32 second round of the finals is sold Agron Preteni - Pit Bull, Split.
 7th James Phillips (USA / Ger) vs. Andrei Stoica (Rom) Phillips Split favorite of audiences and strong Stoica Start Their fight is very evenly. All three minutes of the first round going in a straight exchange of blows and blocks both players, so the result can be assessed - the same. The second round begins the same way as the first, in the equal exchange of shots - maybe a little more low kick, with occasional high kick with the Phillips, accurate and effective technique with manually by Stoica. I second round protièe same. The fighters are obviously aware that there are no rounds in treæoj you wait. Sharply and is headed strongly in the exchange of blows, a balanced exchange ruènih and foot techniques, but the score remained the same. According to my rating and is the third round protièe very equivalent to, but the referees are an advantage and a ticket to the finals gave James Phillips, primarily because of low veæeg kick. Ultimate fight: 8 Strmonja Edin (BIH) Vs. Catalin Zmarandescu (Rom) As always, just before the start of a short instruction judge, sharp views of each other and indicates the start of the gong.
 After 25 seconds Romanian rising Bosnians, and throws it on the floor, several interventions in the stalls and trying to give Strmonja mee. The judge does not understand (?), Sends the Romanians in the corner and rising Strmonju, however, on the step after two crashes and Doctors him (pretty awkward) provide assistance. However, Strmonja can not continue to fight and the doctor does not allow continuation. The winner after only 57 seconds of the first round - Catalin Zmarandescu. Prestige fight K1: 9 Iftimoaie Ionut (Rom) vs. Dašiæ Milan (SRB / ITA) last year while presenting Dašiæa as a fighter from Serbia, the arena was on their feet and the zviždilo all 9 thousand spectators. This year it was introduced as the leader of the Italians and - nothing. No particular reaction from the crowd. Starts a fight and more powerful Ionut Iftimoaie, first after 30 seconds Dašiæa crashes, that it crashed again after a minute and 15 The referee counted to the end of the fight is recorded as a knockout - the winner is Iftimoaie Ionut from Romania.
 10th Mladen Brestovac (Cro) vs. Mihaita Golescu (Rom) Mladen higher and longer, lower and Mihaita stronger. Start protièe Brestovac in an attempt to maintain distance and Goleskua to fight in klinèu. I constantly catch, but the Romanian referee does not sanction. Notwithstanding all this, the initiative has Brestovac, constantly low kickovima broke Romanians and director achieves points. The crowd was unhappy with neaktivnošæu (hooking), Romanians and this clearly shows the whistle before the end of the round. The second round begins as the first. Permanent Brestovac attacks and constant failures Golescua. As Romania is expected to knock-out punch. But no strikes. Brestovac right Golescua by direct strikes, which do not fall, but it can not continue after the medical intervention, the doctor does not allow continuation. A break in the second round was won by Mladen Brestovac. 11th Mark Tomasoviæ (Cro) vs. Adis Dadoviæ (BiH) interesting announcements Brand Tomasoviæa - fighting in kickboxing, K1 discipline, but the announcer and host of this calculation - Josko Elezoviæ Reader Mark boksaèke results.
 Nevertheless, the audience knows who is Mark and he welcomes Sincerely yours, regardless of the current controversies about boksaèkog Championship recently completed at alj on the island. On the other hand, Adis Dadoviæ comes from Bosnia and Herzegovina, which was last week in Zenica with our lakoæom beat Igor Jurkoiæ the &quot;Nights of champions.&quot; The first round begins by examining mutual both fighters. Mark uses the techniques of foot, and even an occasional knee, but is seen to be the last time preparing for boxing, so it is much more used manually, boksaèke techniques. First round ends with prednošæu Brand Tomasoviæa, primarily due to the initiative. And when the timekeeper oznaèio that it is almost a break from a corner Adisa Dadoviæa arrives surrender. So, after the first round, handing the opponent won the Mark Tomasoviæ. Of course the audience was disappointed, but this does not diminish the victory Tomasoviæa. Ultimate fight: 12 Denis Stojniæ (BIH) Vs. Omar Bellahmar (Alg / Bel) From the very beginning has an advantage Stojniæ.
 After several exchanges ruènih techniques to stand up in, Stojniæ Bellahmara crashes. The orchestra also has Stojniæ initiative, and after 2 minutes and 13 seconds Bellahmara leg catches in a lever. The judge interrupted meæ Stojniæa and declares the winner. Prestige fight - the rematch - K1 13th Damien Tovaroviæ (Cro) vs. Deadline Štrucl (Slo) Deadline Štrucl is known &quot;enemy&quot; Split audience. So he and doèekuju the ring. We hope that you will be smarter this year and that would not provoke the Split audience. On the other hand, comes Damian Tovaroviæ, Andrej, to OsvátA Štrucl for last year&#39;s heavy knockout. A short greeting from the looks full of &quot;hatred&quot; and the fight begins. The first high kick Loaf Tovaroviæa crashes to the floor - the referee did not count. Damien simply can no longer continue their tactics - and a kick is headed into a sharp exchange. Štrucl is more effective from a distance, Tovaroviæ is stronger and more precise with the hook. But Tovaroviæ not holding a proper guard, and from his angle Žajino hear the familiar &quot;Gore hands, Fuck you all!&quot;.
 The first round ends as equivalent - preference profession in leg techniques, and Tovaroviæa in a hand-held techniques. As the first, and so begins the second round. Štrucl tries to maintain distance, Tovaroviæ destroys a hand-held techniques. Audience cardiovascular support each Tovaroviæev attack. Štrucl each klinèu sold by knee blows Tovaroviæ pretty well blocked. The second round is also able to evaluate fairly the same. Štrucl and the angle estimate that must take the initiative and so begins A third round. Damian is a good blocking. But. Again, equivalent to exchange blows. At the end of the third round, the judges declared the fight will be held as equivalent to an extra round. In the fourth round Damir like you got some new power. With a few right hook pretty uzdrmava Roka, but no deadline is not that. However, little is slower and weaker in their kickovima. Pit Bulls angle advises Damir &quot;Come director&quot;, but power is less.
 Before examining sudaèkih list might say - will be another round. But, say sudaèke list - 2:1 victory Damir Tovaroviæa - to the delight of the Split audience. Ultimate fight: 14 Bob Sapp (USA) vs. Sascha Weinpolter (Aut) In this fight, the Austrian mašuæi comes with Croatian tricolor and immediately won the sympathy of many of the Split audience. Optrèava ring (perhaps a bit nervously) but the show announced. The Beast - Bob Sapp leads to ring just as it is used and expected. With a white cloak, which rejects the runway. The audience was on their feet. In his style, Sapp is headed in the attack. Force and weight, however, Sascha opposing it, one is izvlaèi the ground floor, and again in his style, Sap. Crowd a bit displeased, not see what is going on in the orchestra. And after 2 minutes and 30 seconds which tightens Sapp Sascha on the floor and choking procure stop fighting. Sappa judge declared the winner. In an address to the audience, Sapp mentioned that he remained &quot;a scar from Mirko&quot;, and that he hoped uzvratnoj fight.
 Well, we&#39;ve seen and the Sappa Spaladium arena. 15th K1 Max Final Fight Vorkapiè Mirko (SLO) Vs. John Stupalo (Cro) Nice start two fairly equivalent to a fighter. But after a minute and a half of the first round Mirko takes the initiative and destroy John. The referee counts and John returned to the fight. After several exchanges following Vorkapiè again, this time with knee Stupalo crashes, a judge until the end of counting. KO after 2 and a half minutes of the first round winner K1 Max Tournament became Mirko Vorkapiè. This victory placed the K1 Max final tournament will be held in May in Bucharest. 16th Final Fight K1 James Phillips (USA / Ger) vs. Agron Preteni (Cro) Agron from his angle ispraæen into battle with a clear message: &quot;Just no respect.&quot; So the fight and starts. Phillips attacks a hand-held techniques Preteni uzvraæa low kickivima. However, the initiative and the advantage is slight Phillipsovoj page. The second round begins as the first - even, but sharp exchange udaaca.
 But, after some 30-odd seconds Preteni estimated to have the opportunity to strongly geared to attack and pretty hand-held techniques uzdrmava Phillips. However, Philipps is an experienced fighter, and quickly returns to its battle rhythm. However, Stupalo continues with initiative and so ends the second round. Definitely the second round of the advantages Pretenija. The third round begins Preteni Split prompted an audience shout &quot;Agi, Agi. The fight is equivalent to, equal exchange blows. Preteni Great places the entire combination ruènih and foot techniques, and apparently followed the first message from his angle, &quot;No sespekta. The audience supported him, and he wisely continues. Beautiful combination of hook and kick brings us to the end of the fight. The audience was thrilled Pretenijem. Are the judges? 30:27, 30:27, 30:28 - The judges were unanimous - the winner is a great Preteni Agron. K1 - title defense WAKO Pro World Champion in the category -71.800 kg 17th
 Frank Radniæ (Cro) vs. Philippe Salmon (Fra) Twenty to twelve is the fight began. Frank defends his title WAKO Pro World Champion in K1, in the category up to 71.800 kg. Started with the Marseillaise, and then we followed the Beautiful, and hit a gong. Already after the first exchange of blows Francis (unintentionally) gets hit in the meðunožje. Painful. After which thirty seconds of recovery, the struggle continues, and the first shot Frank is a low blow that ends in mðunožju Philippe. Judge warns of both fighter&#39;s official warning. Round protièe in fairly equal exchange punches both fighters and beautiful combination ruènih and foot techniques. How is nearing the end of the round, Frank is all more efficient and more accurate and takes initiative. Round ends with a mild prednošæu Francis Radniæa. Start another round of Francis retains a slight advantage, but already after a minute, with the strong support of the Split audience and assume more significant initiative.
 However, coming from the corner tips &quot;above the hand&quot; and &quot;Do not underestimate it.&quot; A little Frank and Philippe provoking. Unnecessary. So the second round goes to the dominance of Frank Radniæa. Frenchman has not been jeopardized nièim Franin title. But we go further, however, this is borilaèki sport, so anything below can expect. Izjednaèenog From the beginning, Frank builds his little advantage in treæoj rounds. However, sometime in the second èetrdesetoj receives very inconvenient upercut. It naèas it stops in its initiative, but quickly returned to the old condition. However, Salmon is a tough fighter. A third round ends with mild prednošæu Salmon. Beginning in the fourth round protièe fairly equivalent to the rhythm. Little advantage Frane, little advantage Salmon, just kinda the same. But last minute Frank takes the initiative and pretty uzdrmava French. The fourth round was definitely on the side of Frank Radniæa. In the fifth round Francis pokazije that has the strength and knowledge.
 It may be unnecessary and relaxes and risks. But maintain the current level of fighting. The crowd shout &quot;Frank, Frank,&quot; and so ends and the last round. Equivalent to or perhaps a slight advantage Francis. But the judges will say its a final word on the ranking list. The judges wrote, 49:47, 49:46, 49:46, and unanimously declared the winner of this fight Radniæa Fran, who thus retained the title of World Champion WAKO Pro federation. Well, that was it in the midnight and ten.
 