Because of its beauty, Trogir has always been a real treat for the couple who had their fateful &quot;yes&quot; just decided to impose in the treasury of cultural and historical sights. However, since the ceremony held at the newly opened City Hall, the newlyweds and their guests who do not want the church, but usually - a civil wedding ceremony itself knows prisjesti. Specifically, provides that in such areas should only coat of arms of Croatian and other state characteristics, but the registrars couples married under the picture of former Croatian president Franjo Tudjman and Christ&#39;s crucifixion. This is a problem because the Catholic faithful couples married in the church, which is recognized as a civil marriage, while in vjenčaonice come people of other faiths or atheists, or agnostics, and symbols on the wall they might offend. Images and a crucifix hanging on the wall above the table in front of which the bride groom vows of eternal love.
 Couples do not want to get married while the wall &#39;look&#39; Tudjman &#39;abandoned&#39; atheists - When I recently attended a wedding in Trogir and saw the signs, I remained stunned, because I hold them in civilian vjenčaonici not the place. If someone wants a wedding in the church, then it will be there and get married, but as atheists, agnostics and people of other faiths face the cross and Tudjman&#39;s image in the state institution in which the position should have only a coat of arms - one lady complained to our office. Following this, we find that indeed there are many dissatisfied. - When I developed the photos and saw that my head above her daughter is the head of Franjo Tudjman, I went crazy. I asked the photographer to all the pictures he sees, as it says, &quot;fotošopira&quot;, otherwise I do not know what would have happened. Failed to regale me - told us that our informants, is still unsettled because of the scenery which, as pointed out, the excitement was not seen until the marriage lasted, but subsequently analyzing the images.
 The newly bride urges city authorities to take action as soon as possible and remove the image of Franjo Tudjman. We learn how the two &quot;fetivih&quot; locals wanted a civil, not a church wedding. However, they were welcomed by a cross. Considering that it violated their right to free choice, asked the registrar to remove the cross, and one even insisted to marry outside because the cross on the wall. Some considered the cross, and some pictures of Dr. Franjo Tudjman, and these complaints have more, tell us. President of City Council from Peru Maravić HNS we asked for a comment to this problem. City Hall - vjenčaonica - Town Hall, which is also vjenčaonica, is also used for other occasions and meetings that are held within the city administration, and as such is controlled by the mayor. Thus we found decorated with the arrival to power. I thought at the beginning of the Council in the new structure was not the best time to be an extremely important addition to the problems we do, I would say, minor issues such as the appearance vjenčaonice.
 I support the initiative of citizens who seek to harmonize the appearance of City Hall with the laws and regulations of the Republic of Croatia - Maravić says, noting that there is nothing against that in our hall is a cross, although not in the position he is now, because this central place in the Hall by law to be reserved for state symbols. - Regarding the image of the first Croatian President Franjo Tudjman, with all due respect, I am not a supporter of the image of any former, and current president, is in the Hall because it reminds me of some past time. But if people insist on it, for such worship shall find another room in which to expose all Croatian presidents, as well as all other historical and other personalities of our country - concluded Maravić. Gordon recorded by dragan: mario Todoric Rilje against writing about the crucifix Trogirski Mayor Damian Rilje (SDP) said that the citizens have the right to seek marriage to be a cross or a picture of former President Franjo Tudjman remove if it bothers them, except for symbols that the rules must be distinguished RH on police premises.
 &quot;Giving more exposure this issue is not necessary,&quot; the opinion of the mayor of Trogir.
 