Boat and Sport Show is a reputable international fair which confirms membership in UFI, the Union in international trade IFBSO-in - an international association of fairs organizers nautièkih based in London. During 5 days The Zagreb Fair will be converted into a port that will anchor some of the beauty ploveæih immediately after their premiere presentation in Düsseldorf. Exhibition area 15,000 m2 venue pav. 8a, 9, 10, 10A, 11A, passage pav. 10A / 11A izlagaèa of more than 400 participating countries, 32 countries: AUSTRALIA, AUSTRIA, BELGIUM, BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA, Češka, Denmark, Finland, France, Greece, ITALY, JAPAN, SOUTH KOREA, CANADA, CHINA, HUNGARY, NETHERLANDS, NORWAY , NEW ZEALAND, Germany, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, China, GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND, CROATIA Symposia and Events 8th international conference of Physical Education at the University of Zagreb in cooperation with partners (the Association of Croatian fitness trainers, community veleuèilištem in Zagreb and the Zagreb Fair), the last 7 years very successfully organized in the framework of the Zagreb Fair and Sport Show, the annual international conference Conditioning of athletes that have to now processed very important topics in areas traning in sports.
 This year the conference will be held on 26 and 27 February with the main theme of &quot;Training Speed, agility and EKSPLOZIVNOSTI. During two days of their artwork will be in the form of theoretical and practical scientists and experts from Spain, Slovenia, Finland, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia, Great Britain, Switzerland and Croatian. Within these topics the conference will discuss the basics of biomedical training speed, agility and explosiveness, diagnosis and methodology of strength training, programming, strength training, strength training for children and youth, strength training, special populations (military and police), the recovery rate in training and trenažnoj equipment in training agility and explosiveness. The conference aims to present the latest findings in areas traning athletes, using the knowledge and experience of top domestic and foreign experts and scholars from the areas of sport and sport science.
 At the seminar,&#39;&#39;Conditioning in tennis, &quot;by this year prepared by the European Association of fitness trainers and his associates (Faculty of Kinesiology at the University of Zagreb, the Croatian Association of fitness trainers, the Croatian Tennis Federation, the Zagreb Tennis Association and the Choir of Croatian tennis coaches) will perform the foremost fitness trainers the world: · Julio Tous - Adviser for traning Rafael Nadal, Carlos Moya, Svetlana Kuznetsova, FC Barcelona and Sampdoria UC · Benedict Linder, assistant fitness coach Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka · Ljubomir Antekoloviæ, Marina Èiliæa conditioning coach Slaven Hrvoj, fitness I Karloviæa coach. Exposure to these trainers will surely arouse the interest of conference participants for their practical experience in preparing his fitness world-famous athletes and tennis players from the team that won the most prestigious European and world titles.
 The international scientific conference with Struèna current theme, &quot;Physical activities and social life of young people&quot; will be of interest to scientists and specialists of different socio-humanistic and other scientific areas. The meeting organizers are Faculty of Kinesiology at the University of Zagreb and Department of Kinesiological recreation and kinesiology. At the meeting of the Association of Boatbuilding Representative HBOR, Croatian Bank for Reconstruction and Development, will talk about credit Boatbuilding, and financing programs that are designed for small and medium enterprises. Prizes and awards in raising the quality of performance izlagaèa the fair event, the proposal Ocjenjivaèkog Court will be awarded commendations and awards for high overall performance at the fair izlagaèa Sports and Boat 2010.Dodjela awards will be on Friday 26.02.2010. Brijuni Hall at 12.00. Formal opening of the fair, Sports &amp; Boat Show is expected to 19th
 International Market Sports and Boat Show opened by the Minister of Sea, Transport and Infrastructure of the Republic of Croatian Mr. Bozidar Kalmeta, Wednesday, 24.02.2010. at 11.00 hrs in the Congress Hall of the Zagreb Fair. Visitor attractions in the presentation of an active vacation and SAFETY IN DIVING uorganizaciji ronilaèkog club Nemo Bristol, will host world record freediving Gianlucca Mr. Genoni. The demonstrations Static - in the pool pav. 8a/št.19 guest and Mr Recorder Slovenian Jure Daiæ. Award game for visitors to participate in the contest the visitors with tickets and exactly filled the questionnaire which is inserted in the box provides for the info-points in the hall pav. 8/8a or in transit between 11A/10a.Izvlaèenje award winners will take place on 28 February 2010th in 17 hours in transit between pav. 11A i10a. Visitors are expected rich prizes: 1
 Award - Rubber èamac BURA 2.3 (sponsor: Hermes Nautica, Zagreb) - Outboard-Honda 2.3 SCH (Sponsor: Honda Marine Fred Bobek Ltd, a guide.) 2 Award - Cruising for 6 persons; 7 days rental yachts Linssen Grand Sturdy 29.9 AC (Sponsor: Cantal Marine-Linssen Yachts, Ljubljana, Slovenia) Other awards: - The seven-day sailings in teèaj Lakes (optional) - Set of Croatian pilot of the northern and southern Adriatic - Annual subscription to the magazine &quot;The Sea&quot; - Complete Published Pearls of the Adriatic - The book &quot;1300 plan of the Croatian Adriatic&quot; - to trap assembly - Set of official nautical charts - Nautical-Tourist publication of the Adriatic Sea: Living Archipelago - Two books on maritime issues - promotional bags - tandem parachute jump and a jump shooting - Versatile professional set of adhesive-Pascofix - Nautical pack clothing and footwear prices of tickets and catalogs - tickets for a single visit $ 30 - tickets for a single visit to the student, students and pensioners 15 € - permanent ticket 90 € - Fair Catalogue 15 kn for organized groups of 25 or more visitors give a 20% discount on ticket prices.
 PRIVILEGES FOR VISITORS: CROATIA AIRLINES - Sužbeni an air carrier visitors offers special discounts on tickets for international flights. All detailed information can be obtained from the offices of the company or by phone. 01/6160 126. CROATIAN RAILWAYS-Official Railway Carrier Visitors from Croatian and Slovenia will be granted 40% discount on return tickets. Hertz Rent A Car - discount car rental Press Centre is located in the South Gate of the Zagreb Fair and the floor at the press service every day of the Fair 10:00 to 19:00 hours. tel. : 01 / 6554-306, 6503-524, fax: 2001 / 6523-291 Opening hours for visitors of the Fair: 10:00 to 19:00 hours WELCOME TO ZagrebaËka Boat and Sport Show in &#39;10 More Back to top
 