1st Day ZAGREB - FRANKFURT - HONG KONG Meeting of passengers the airport in the Zagreb &quot;Pleso&quot; in the central information counter. After the division of travel documents for flight applications. Take off the plane in Frankfurt 9:05 pm on the OU line 416 (Croatia Airlines). Upon arrival in Frankfurt in 10:40 pm to continue his journey to Hong Kong at 13:50 hours on the line CX 288 (Cathay Pacific). meals during the flight. Day 2 HONG KONG Landing aircraft in Hong Kong is scheduled to 7:50 pm. pograniènih After carrying out the formalities on the way to the hotel panoramic Kowloon. You&#39;ll see a bird market, gold fish and flowers, and Tai Sin Temple. Afterwards accommodation in 4 * hotel and rest. In the evening hours input is going (optional extra on the spot) on a boat ride where you will be able to enjoy the spectacular &quot;Light Show&quot;-in. In the evening hours recommends walking by night a popular market.
 Back to the hotel, noæenje. 3rd Day HONG KONG - SYDNEY breakfast. Feel free afternoon for shopping and its own programs. Check out (about 12.00 hours) and going on tour, &quot;Hong Kong Island Tour,&quot; which combines a visit Victoria Peak (top) offering a magnificent panoramic view of the entire Hong Kong. In return you will see the beach at Repulse Bay and Aberdeen, Typical fishing village on the water. After the visit departure to the airport and check on a flight to Sydney and taking off of aircraft at 21:25 hrs on the line CX 161 (Cathay Pacific). meals during the flight. Day 4 SYDNEY Upon arrival in Sydney at 12:10 pm panoramic tour of the city, one of the most beautiful world capitals. You&#39;ll see Kings Cross, Double Bay&#39;s exclusive suburbs, Rose Bay, Watsons Bay with a stop to have a chance for a spectacular view of Sydney harbor and the Pacific. Continue driving towards. famous beach, Bondi Beach, where You&#39;ll have a shorter stop.
 Return to the city through the picturesque Royal Peddingtona botanièkog garden. Visit the unique opera house, tour lasts one hour. After the visit continue to Rocks and the oldest part of the city and Darling Harbour. Log in 4 * hotel and noæenje (although you will be tired well endure as long as vigilant, to help overcome the &quot;jet lag&quot; and captured the Australian time-rhythm). 5.dan SYDNEY breakfast. Departure from the hotel at 7.45 First you will have a walk through Sydney cradle &quot;Rocks&quot;, where you will see the Argyle Cut, Argyle Tavern, Garrison Church, the oldest house in Australia. After the tour follows a bus ride to the Northern beaches. &quot;Upon arrival at Manly beach, you will have lunch in the Restaurant Kiosk at 12.30 pm (lunch is scheduled for 1:30 a.m. hour. Drink is not included). Lunch consists of 3 courses (appetizer, main dish and dessert). After lunch free time on the beach to the ferry service to Circular Quay in Sydney&#39;s harbor.
 You&#39;ll enjoy the ride to Sydney and a view of the Opera with the sea. Upon arrival at the port around 16:30 hours walk on foot to the hotel. The rest of the day free for their own programs. Noæenje. 6th Day SYDNEY - BLUE MOUNTAINS NATIONAL PARK breakfast. At 8:30 departure for excursion to the National Park Blue Mountains, located about 65 km west of Sydney, known for its beautiful countryside, forests, waterfalls, canyons. Tour includes: Featherdale park where you will see various animals, Scenic World - the two žièarom rides and panoramic rail / uspinjaèom. Lunch with a three-course restaurant is scheduled to Mountain Heritage. tea and coffee, and usually with water ice are included. Back in Sydney is scheduled around 18.30 hours. doèek Preparing for the New Year. Noæenje at the hotel. Good luck NEW YEAR! seventh day SYDNEY doruèka After a day of rest and their own activities and programs. Back to the hotel. Noæenje.
 Day 8 SYDNEY - ALICE SPRINGS - KINGS CANYON breakfast. Check-in 8 hours of transfer to the airport. Take off the aircraft to the city in Alice Springs 9:55 am on the line QF 790 (Qantas). Upon arrival at 11.40 times continued to Kings Canyon. drive to Kings Canyon takes ca. 5 hours. (Lunch at own expense at stopping the passing) Upon arrival at Kings Canyon go for a walk along the creek (approximately 1.5 km and takes approx. 1 hour), according to a lookout from where it has a beautiful view of the cliffs of the canyon. On route you will see signs of Aboriginal culture. The tour ends at your hotel Kings Canyon Resort, about 19:30 in the resort accommodation, noæenje. 9th Day KINGS CANYON - AYERS ROCK Doruèak at the hotel - restaurant will open as early as 5:30 am. Early departure from hotel by bus already at 6.30 so-called. Rim Walk-a walk through the canyon. This walk is for people of good physical condition who do not mind walking on uneven ground and 90 meters at a very steep uphill path.
 The top has a beautiful view of the canyon. The plateau is composed of small plain bounded by cliffs that look like ruins. Continuation of time is scheduled around 10.30 h to Ayers red center of Australia. Lunch is at your own expense. Upon arrival at the hotel Outback Pioneer shorter refreshments before leaving for the afternoon tour of &quot;Olgas&quot; at 15.30. Departing on Kata Tjuta tour + tour Uluru sunset. You&#39;ll see Largest monolithic rock in the world (9 km range and 348 m high) and you will observe variations in color at sunset with èašu Australian wine and canapés. The tour ends approximately 20 hours. Noæenje. Day 10 AYERS ROCK - ALICE SPRINGS Early check out before leaving the observation of a single sunrise at Ayers Rock. Departure at 5.00h. During watching sunrise you will be served tea or coffee and biscuits. After watching you will do a walk around the rocks Ayers Rock.
 You&#39;ll have breakfast at 7.30 in the Café do contained in the Aboriginal Cultural Centre. The tour ends in 10 hours. Continue the journey towards Alice Springs. Arrival is scheduled about 16 hours. Noæenje at 4 *. 11th Day ALICE SPRINGS - MELBOURNE doruèka After checkout and 8 hours of departure to tour the Royal Flying Doctors, which is scheduled at 9:15 and ANZAC Hill. The tour ends in 10 hours at the airport. Sign in for your flight to Melbourne. Take off the aircraft at 11 o&#39;clock on line 797 QF (Qantas). Upon arrival in Melbourne at 15:05 pm tour of the city. You&#39;ll see the Chinese fourth, the parliament building, Fitzroy Garden, you will visit the cottage of Captain Cook (ukluèuje ticket). Continue over the Westgate Bridge for panoramic views of the city, before visiting the botanical garden. The tour ends about 19 hours. Accommodation in 4 * hotel, noæenje. 12th Day MELBOURNE - Phillip Island - Melbourne After doruèka free afternoon. In 14 hours of departure on a trip to Philip Island, famous for the smallest penguin colony in the world.
 Upon arriving at Phillip Island visit the Koala Centre where you will live koalas in their natural environment. You&#39;ll see koalas up close. Veèera will be at 18.30 hours. After dinner go to the beach Summerland. Here you will see how the predveèerje penguins come from the hunt and go to their nests. Back in Melbourne around 23:30 hours, noæenje. 13th Day MELBOURNE - HONG KONG - After FRANKFURT doruèka free afternoon. In 11 hours from the hotel. Departure at the airport at 12:15 hours. Upon arrival at the airport Check-in and flight departure to Hong Kong at 15.30 hours on the line CX 104 (Cathay Pacific). Upon arrival in Hong Kong at 21:45 hours, continued the flight to Frankfurt at 23:50 hours on the line CX 289 (Cathay Pacific). Meals during the flight. 14th Day FRANKFURT - ZAGREB Upon arrival in Frankfurt at 5:30 am, to continue his journey to Zagreb at 9.30 pm on the OU line 417 (Croatia Airlines). Arrival in Zagreb is scheduled at 10:50 hours.
 Completion of travel.
 