British Labor party tomorrow elect their new leaders, politicians with whom they hope to return to the address 10 Downing Street! For the first time after thirty years no one knows who is going to be. Specifically, the five candidates for the top spot among the Labour Party. These are the Miliband brothers David and Ed, then Ed Balls, Andy Burnham, and the only woman Diane Abbot! Likely for the top spot, according to many, David Miliband is a former foreign minister, Blair&#39;s man. The biggest opponent of his own brother Ed, also with experience in politics at the top: a former energy minister, Brown&#39;s the man! Will these links with the former prime minister and being in the top of the policy will be crucial in deciding the membership? How will the voting outweigh the adjectives new and old Labor party, or to finally move on! Bearing in mind what their previous two leaders left the lesson is more than clear: tomorrow&#39;s Labor Assembly should decide what to choose: his boss or the future Prime Minister, that someone will, according to what we stand for, passed by a majority of voters, and not just party members.
 Expectations are that someone new to revitalize the very best in party politics from the time when she went before the voters as New Labour 1997th and has experienced tremendous success. For the British, and Labor should not forget, this is a connection from what they care about most: a free market economy and high quality public services. With this idea out to vote, confirm or change! The crisis that happened in the meantime and destroyed many previously untouchable institutions and their leaders is a big challenge for anyone at this point accept the policy seriously. In the case of a new Labour Party leader, in a country where there is already a ruling coalition of two strong parties, its main role of the opposition leaders is extremely important. Britons will be, analysts say, credible opposition. Who&#39;s the time would not agree! However, for uigravanje new man does not have much time! 20th October Finance Minister George Osborne will fetch the parliament budget spending plan.
 Much of this will be cut or abolish. It is always all about the money, but how serious are always painful cuts and unpopular, the logic is clear: be able to choose the one that will ensure lasting change. For someone who is relatively fresh as prime minister, as David Cameron, the chance is that you do so before voters will get over this before, which will in time create the foundation for the next election! So let&#39;s get back tomorrow night decision, the new party leader is also leader of the opposition, appears at a crucial moment. In less than a month must be prepared to respond to George Osborne on his plan for cutting. The first significant appearance in parliament will determine his political future and party! Will tomorrow the Labour Party to overcome an ideology or a vision will be announced immediately after the revelation: the winner is ...
 