08/02/2010 Over 100 athletes from 11 Southeast European countries will participate at the 21st Olympic Winter Games in Vancouver. How will they get to the podium? Critics say no - and others are still hoping for this winter. Svetla Dimitrova for Southeast European Times in Sofia - 08/02/10 seating for competitions snoubordinga and bob-track set at Cypress Mountain in the Canadian province of British Columbia. [Getty Images] Olympic Winter Games open on 12 February - when in Vancouver, the province of British Columbia, come 2500 athletes from around the world - and will close two weeks later. In the race for gold will be 105 athletes from 11 Balkan countries. Kosovo is the only country in Southeast Europe which does not participate in the 21st Winter Olympics. Apart from Slovenia, Croatia is the only country of the former republics of Yugoslavia, which won at the Winter Olympics medal, on his first appearance in 1994, when the Games held in Lillehammer.
 Alpine skiers, a 23-year-old Erjon Tola from Albania and 19-year-old Bojan Kosić, will be the main representatives of their countries in Vancouver. When Tola competed in the men&#39;s Super-G slalom at the Winter Games 2006th in Turin, it marked the Olympic debut of Albania. He is ranked in the sport at the 35th site, which is his best result so far. Cyprus also sends alpine skiers - 21-year-old Christopher Papamichalopoulosa, who will compete in men&#39;s events, and 19-year old Sophia Papamichalopoulou, which will participate in the women&#39;s slalom and giant slalom. Torino in 2006. were the only Olympic Winter Games in which athletes from Serbia and Montenegro participated in the same team. Games in Vancouver will mark their debut as independent countries competitors. Serbia in Vancouver sent 11 athletes, including competitors in the Bob Slobodan Matijevic, Vuk Radjenovic, Igor Šarčević and Milos Savic.
 The national team of Serbia are also alpine skiers 28-year-old Jelena Lolović and 19-year-old Nevena Ignjatovic, with two more snoubordera, a couple of ski racers and one competitor in biathlon. This competition will be the fifth Olympics for Bosnia and Herzegovina (BiH), which debuted 1994th in Lillehammer. BiH sends six athletes, including alpine skiers Zana Novakovic Maja Klepić and Marko Rudic, and Košarac biathlon and ski racer Mladen Plakalović. Tanja medley will participate in competitions and women&#39;s biathlon and cross country skiing. The upcoming Games in Canada marks the fourth part of Macedonia as an independent country at the Olympics. In its tripartite team are Antonio Ristevski alpine skier and ski runners Darko Damjanovski and Rosana Kiroski. Croat Ivica Kostelic passes the gate during the first giant slalom race in Kranjska Gora. [Getty Images] Six of the seven Olympic medals won by Croatia belongs to the alpine skier Janica Kostelic, who is now retired, and who won three gold and one silver medal at the Winter Olympics 2002nd
 Salt Lake City. She has her collection in Turin added another gold and one silver medal. Janica&#39;s brother, 30-year-old Ivica Kostelic, reached the podium at the Games 2006th in Italy, taking silver in the men&#39;s &quot;super-combined.&quot; It is hoped that he would take the gold in Vancouver. Although considered one of the world&#39;s best technical skiers, this year&#39;s rule changes might hinder Kostelic will achieve success. The 18-nation team has nine Croatian alpine skiers, including Natko Zrncic-Dim, who won brozanu medal in the World Cup season 2009-10. the super-combined, and Ana Jelusic, who with 19 years ended 15th in women&#39;s slalom in Turin. The Croatian team were four players in Bob, two biatlonca and two ski racers. Games in Vancouver will be the 18th Winter Olympics for Bugarsu and 17th for Greece. Both countries have performed their first winter Olympics team in 1936, jointly hosted by the German cities were Garmisch and Partenkirchen.
 Greece, who missed the game 1960th in Squaw Valley, California, has not won her first medal at the Winter Olympics. Bulgaria has six, and one of them is gold. &quot;We do not go to Vancouver that we won medals, we will leave to the professionals,&quot; says Vassilis Katsoras, head of the Greek national team. &quot;We&#39;re going in order to achieve decent performance and raised the flag as possible. Every place among the top 30 ranked in the disciplines where participating 100-120 athletes for us just winning medals.&quot; Vassilis Tsakiris, 45, a ski racer who will compete for the fifth time at the Winter Olympics, has been chosen to wear the blue and white Greek flag on the &quot;parade of countries&quot; during the opening ceremony. Alexandra Jekova from Bulgaria (top) competes, while Simona Meiler fall from Switzerland during the FIS World Cup Finals in snoubordingu for 2010, 19 December 2009. in Tellurideu, Colorado. [Getty Images] His daughter - 19-year-old Panagiota Tsakiri - competitor in biathlon training by her father.
 She is going to Vancouver with two alpine skiers and three ski racers. &quot;Success is for athletes to give of yourself 100% for me personally to be a success if it crosses 23rd place that I won in Turin,&quot; said alpine skier from Greece Vassilis Dimitriadis. Tsakiris and Croatian Olympic champion in the discipline Beans - 48-year-old Ivan Sola - among the oldest athletes who have ever competed at the Winter Olympics. Bulgaria hopes to win new medals in Vancouver are tied for the veteran country, a quick short track skater Evgeni Radanovo. The 32-year-old won silver in the women&#39;s competition in the 500m in Torino and silver and bronze in Salt Lake City in 2002. Snouborderka 22-year-old Alexandra Jekova considered to be a bright point of Bulgaria. It was in September, won a silver medal in the competition for the World Cup in Argentina Cahpelcu and finished seventh in the December competition Tellurideu in Colorado.
 Romania will be the 19th time to perform at the Winter Olympics. She has three bronze medals from the Games 1968th of Grenoble in France, and her team is the largest with 32 athletes from the Balkans. Three members of the Romanian team - biathlon, a 20-year-old Ferencz River, and ski racing, a 21-year-old Paul Constantin Pepene and 18-year-old Petrica hoagie - they all won medals in recent competitions. Ferencz took gold in the individual race at the 12.5 km biathlon World Cup for juniors in Sweden. Papen finished first in the men&#39;s 30 km event at the World Cup cross-country skiing for juniors in Hinterzarten in Germany, where he Hoagiuova won silver in the women&#39;s event at 20 km. Turkish Tugba Karademir skates his short program for women 14th November 2009, the ISU Gran-before in figure skating in 2009. in Lake Placid, New York State. [Getty Images] Turkey&#39;s first participation at the Winter Olympics was in 1936.
 in Garmisch-Partenkirchen. Neither they have not won a single medal. Turkey will be the three ski racers, two alpine skiers and artistic skater Tugba Karademir, who won in Turin 21st place. Located on južnopacifičkoj coast of Canada, Vancouver is the third Canadian city to host the Olympics. Montreal in 1976. hosted the summer games, and Calgary in 1988. hosted the Winter Olympics. Related articles Loading lack of snow in the area of Cypress, the venue of the competition in the free skiing and snoubordingu the Games, a key challenge for the Vancouver Organizing Committee (VANOC). After the warmest January recorded so far, organizers have taken drastic measures, including transport trucks with snow, 150 km distant location and its dumping on the mountain, where it melts. &quot;I think that nobody here even for a second did not think we have a January without snow, but we are,&quot; says the head of VANOC&#39;s John Furlong.
 Competition in Kerling, ice hockey and figure skating will be held in Vancouver, a place for opening and closing ceremony. Whistler Mountain rest area - 125 km north of the city - will host competitions in Alpine skiing, cross country skiing, ski jumping and Nordic combined and biathlon disciplines, the bobsled, and skeleton sleds. Their contributions for this report was given by Southeast European Times correspondent Antonio Prlenda from Sarajevo and Harry Tzanis from Athens. This content was commissioned for SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 