New Flemish Alliance leader Bart de Wever / AFP Belgium will &quot;slowly but surely, and very gently - just disappear,&quot; accurately and subtly expressed Bart de Wever, which advocates for the &quot;orderly dissolution of the state,&quot; writes Josko Celan Be or Not To Be - The question now is &quot;to 180 years old Kingdom of Belgium, a country 6 million Flemings and Walloons 4.5 million, at a time when ovonedjeljni closer to early elections that could mark the beginning of its collapse. He announced a long time, but this time it would really might be serious. The trigger of this crisis is the worst political rise of the centrist New Flemish Alliance and its leader Bart de Wever, which, according to surveys of public opinion, should get 26 percent of the vote (by just 3.2 in 2007.). - Flanders and Wallonia must be masters of their own destiny - he said last Tuesday in Ghent, adding that it is now common steeply into the abyss.
 The nightmare possibility for a much richer Flemish is a dream: 32 percent for direct independence, a confederation of 17 for and only 25 percent for the wider autonomy within the current joint state. In poorer, nesređenijih korumpiranijih francophone Walloons and only a small minority National Front to join France, while most of them break the state nightmare. And as the French say this? According to the research journal &quot;France Soir&quot;, two-thirds of them would gladly received Valon in his wing, and only a third would not. It seems, therefore, that almost the Belgian presidency of the European Union could also mean a kind of swan song of this state, which for a long time failed to bridge the gap that divides its two parts. - We have become two different people - said Jean-Marie Dedecker, the leader of the Flemish party that bears his name. - Divided We also socially and culturally. Everyone just read your newspaper and your hunger every television programs.
 In fact, the gap is at least as deep in the economic area: Flemish sometimes poorer today for the quarter richer than Walloons, with simultaneous half the unemployment rate. De Wewer said Flanders Wallonia year gives 11.3 billion euros, but that does not help even a little bit the quality of local government Belgian Problem &quot;brakorazvoda, of course, will be addressed by the model of Slobodan Milosevic in the entire former Yugoslavia, according to the commentator,&quot; the Associated Press &quot;Robert Wielaardu, it seems that everything will unfold once more in the style of&quot; confederation of Serbia and Montenegro &quot;, whatever that means. As in any divorce case, the problems are numerous, among the nations most important is the division of &quot;property&quot; or territory. Most valuable, of course, the capital of Brussels - and the most complex: namely, although situated in the Flemish land, he is the majority Walloon city. In addition to everything else, Brussels - except the seat of the European Union - while the &quot;capital&quot; of administrative inefficiency.
 In fact, 19 cities in one - the 19 councils and 19 city mayors. And there arises a serious conflict: the Flemish, as it is on their land, seeking to remain there, but that their power to strengthen it. Bart de Wever I asked to overwrite his independent position areas. Walloons, in turn, threaten to &quot;raise a fortress against any attempt to harm the interests of Brussels.&quot; There&#39;s even a request boss valonskih conservatives Joelle Milquet, known as eloquent as &quot;Madame No&quot;, the Flemish municipalities south of it cede part of its territory to Brussels and physically merged with Wallonia. Both sides argued over the decades, the status of the capital. The Constitutional Court in 2003. year ruled that the special Brussels electoral district, which crosses the boundaries of two provinces is illegal and must be changed. This has opened the Pandora&#39;s box of claims from both sides, with which this country and you have to wear.
 It has been said already, the Balkan outcome here does not have to fear. Bart De Wever calls for &quot;gradual and orderly dissolution of the state.&quot; Or, to be precise and subtly expressed, Belgium will &quot;slowly but surely, and very gently - just disappear.&quot; Prior to this will, of course, powder and ušminkati and before Europe and the world - as in divorce law - fake normalcy, and from the first day of July to take over the EU presidency. And, as things stand, neither she just does not feel the strongest. Who is the next candidate for a split? Events in connection with serious proclamations disintegration of Belgium in Europe, the most carefully monitored Catalans and Basques in Spain, and they are moving slowly for the Scots in the UK or &quot;Padanci&quot; from the Northern League in Italy. Number of people who feel uncomfortable outside Europe within the framework of existing state is much higher, and the greater the risk of violent disintegration.
 