Did I already among them? If this happens is still just a second, or already has affected me? Research shows that the middle class in crisis. And this is something new. So far, this social group somehow managed to swim through a major financial crisis in 2008. and the economic crisis which then developed the following year, the bank crisis and the Greek cross. The mood was better than the real situation. But with the crisis in euros, the Germans crawled fear, fear for their own money. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: a soup kitchen in Frankfurt in Germany is creating a growing gap between rich and poor, and fewer and fewer of those who called prpadaju. middle class. German Institute for Economic Research (DIW) is quite simply defines the term middle class. If you earn less than 70 or more than 150 percent of average, belong to poor or rich.
 All those in between are the middle class. For a German family with two children, this means that poverty is all below 1,800 euros net per month in your pocket, and such in Germany is currently 22 percent of the population. Before ten years there have been 18 percent. Wailing at a high level of the rich are those who zarađujhu average 150 percent or more. Ten years ago, wealth was 16 today - 18 percent of the population. But how are these rigorous calculations inaccurate facts showing that there would be it for some unmarried skilled worker or teacher counted the rich. Bildunterschrift: With the holiday on the sea and the more regular skiing is a somewhat broader definition of the middle class. Through it, the middle layer consists of well educated people, experts in their field, whether academically trained or not. They are often creative and independent of a company, they have a sense of responsibility towards society and respect, in a broader sense, the &quot;bourgeois&quot; values.
 These are people who do not have to turn every euro before you spend, but not earning so much that they would not care if it comes to tax increases and some price increases. It must be recognized that the middle class is still complaining of a high level. The standard is still high. While it was once the family went to dinner at a restaurant once a year, today at a local &quot;Italian&quot; eat once a week. Before the year was not enough three weeks of vacation on the German coast in the North Sea, has to be money for skiing. But this phenomenon is the weakening of the middle class poses a risk, political and economic. Dangerous stillness Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: There will be good if the middle class away from politics through the history of the stabilinijima indicator boards that have had a healthy middle class. From the middle of society is based on economic dynamics. From here come most of the nurses, artisans and people of free professions.
 They are the ones who are willing to take responsibility. They invent, establish, organize. And do it all while having the feeling that their work is rewarded. Once more this feeling not to be had, they are not loud rebel nor will start a revolution. But they have their own methods, which are able to destroy the Society. Dropping out of politics, do not go to the polls, do not engage in parties and other organizations. Work on the black market, avoid paying taxes and children are sent abroad. And in such circumstances and quickly spread hatred towards foreigners and all that is unknown. Author: SZ, Marc Beis / Snjezana Kobešćak Re. ed: N. Kreizer
 