For two years marks the European Day of the sea (20.5.). Despite the European ministers should not agree on how better to protect him. Everyone knows that fish less, but also to old habits is very difficult to change. The European Union is determined as soon as possible, perhaps as early as this year radically alter its policy toward the sea. The situation is so alarming and the Commissioner of Fisheries Maria Damanaki know that the past practice must be changed quickly: &quot;We have big problems with overfishing of fish, excess fishing capacity - everywhere in Europe. We have to deal with these problems and to undertake reforms.&quot; &quot;As the animal show,&quot; 22 of the 27 European Union countries are riparian countries including all the ministers who attended the informal regular spring meeting this Wednesday in the Spanish Vigi, well aware of all the problems. Fish is less, but should take care of local fishermen. The result was almost bizarre that the procedure is repeated every year, according to Isabella catches from the Committee for Fisheries of the European Parliament: &quot;It is already funny how fisheries ministers gather each year and as at cattle fairs, each country bargain over the quota for the catch and how to at least a little lift - despite any scientific advice. &quot; But an agreement would be difficult to reach: the ministers agreed on stricter measures against the destruction of those fish that was caught by accident, but some alternatives to quotas is still far away.
 The situation is critical: 88% of fish that are hunted for food in the seas of Europe, but to catch more than they should so that they are threatened with extinction. It&#39;s not always a sea fishing is generally generous and the fish must hunt that was. But what happens to the shores of Europe, it is not fishing, but the industrial processing of marine resources, where living creatures under the water they have no chance against the man and his technology. Since these industries and has many people; more than 400 000 citizens of Europe to earn their bread from the catch of marine fish. The host of this year&#39;s meeting of ministers is trying in every way to get to the right, to catch more fish. Spain, which already has the largest fishing fleet in the European Union is therefore committed to a kind of free trade quotas. So far, they were administered to individual states for a particular hunting area. Spaniards proposed trade, but the Greenpeace warned: it is unfair and dangerous.
 Because only the 12 largest Spanish fishermen are catching more capacity than the entire fishing fleet of Sweden. Behind the Europeans - a desert But what to do? In the European Union, moving 82 000 fishing boats to hunt on the sea. They are so far back with about five million tonnes of fish, but this amount decreases from year to year. Europe must long ago are not enough for the Europeans, hungry for fresh - preferably a high-fish. True floating fish factories under European flags fly in all oceans of the world, but also countries that have reached an agreement with Brussels on catches and fish processing, are seriously considering whether to extend that contract. For example, Morocco: with the Mediterranean countries there is an agreement since 2007. and will expire next year. European businesses have opened there and the huge fish farms to the European market. But when it comes to wild fish, and considering that, as European fishermen did with the fish resources off the coast of Morocco without anyone had asked local fishermen, it is not certain that he will be continued.
 One solution seems logical: to abolish subsidies for fishermen because it is absurd that Europe is helping fishermen and also hook the fish less. But countries in Europe are difficult to agree on and around this proposal. Because there is a problem: some countries, like Germany, have already reduced their fishing fleet and paid big money to care for former fishermen. But Europe is becoming increasingly clear: to rescue the European sea will never come - without the deep reaches out to the cashier. Deutsche Welle Relatd Articles ECO-CALYPSO TODAY: Ecological disaster in the Gulf of Mexico, it&#39;s time to say goodbye to fossil fuels? America is certainly addicted to heavy crudes. As the entire U.S. ... Croatia will be due to volcanic smoke sue Iceland and Slovenia after the eruption of Iceland&#39;s volcanoes near the glacier Eyjafjallajökull ... Chickens employed as a scavenger removal of garbage can be amusing. This proves one project to be ...
 One million trees for Ethiopia American citizen Geshaw Tahir by traveling to his native Ethiopia has remained ... Philippe Cousteau Jr. - &quot;This is a nightmare ...&quot; (shot beneath the surface of oil-contaminated sea) It&#39;s been almost a month since the explosion on an oil platform in soft ... Endangered species: Snow Leopard The snow leopard lives in high mountains of central Asia, the Baikal ... Comments canned tuna nosy wrote on 21.5.2010. 1:40:32 So you more thank Your Name Comment Title Comment Enter the new code
 