The truth, experts say that in a nuclear reactor as a byproduct of plutonium-239 found that, after further processing can be used for nuclear weapons, but the fact is a fine fit in headlines and that&#39;s all. Bushehr in fact, has little real connection with the Iranian nuclear program, about which the long and fruitless negotiations and fears that Iran is on the way to master the technology of nuclear bombs. Russian delay Iranian experts certainly have the knowledge and ability to continue to deal with plutonium-239, however, that the process is highly radioactive and dangerous to human health, it is difficult to Iran chose to do so, while the International Atomic Energy Agency for the door. After all, is the heart of Iran&#39;s Bushehr nuclear program. Construction began 35 years ago and then partner Reza Shah Pahlavi was the German company Siemens. After the Islamic revolution Siemens to withdraw from political pressures work to 1995th
 The construction of the Bushehr joined the Russian Federal Atomic Energy Agency, Rosatom. Central is to be virtually re-built, and added that if the constant delays Russia (well they used to pressure Tehran or Washington), no wonder he was put into operation just last Saturday. Hidden capacities American experts claim that the Iranian nuclear program based on uranium, not plutonium, and that the Iraqi experience taught Iran its nuclear facilities well hid, and trace them further Gone tremendous misinformation that every now and then released to the public. It is assumed therefore that it would take a lot of bombing, and then could not say with certainty that the Iranian nuclear program is stopped. Israel is therefore most likely in such an operation would not I have wrought. For him, the job must be done America, and turn it on, at least for now, is not ready. U.S. needs Iran in Iraq and Afghanistan, not the new escalation.
 But there is something else, North Korea was halted when developing nuclear technology. It is known, namely, that nuclear technology is the most effective as a threat. She does not need North Korea wants to destroy Seoul, to be displaced in conventional weapons at the border. The same theory applies to Iran. On its missiles to Israel and be a nuclear bomb for him to not be. The fact that Iran is actually trying to impose themselves as the pivot country in the Middle East, and that given the immense competition really is not an easy undertaking. The threat of nuclear weapons serves an excellent purpose for establishing the new geopolitics, the more so as all that Israel and the U.S. do and say only helps create a sense of the power of Iran. Media reaction to the Bushehr is just one of the stones in the mosaic.
 