Tajikistan, officially the Republic of Tajikistan is a country in central Asia, landlocked. Bordered on the north with Kirgizstan, on the east by China, in southern Afghanistan on the west by Uzbekistan. Tajikistan is one of 15 states formed the collapse of the Soviet Union. Contents [edit] Geography of Tajikistan is continental closed country in Central Asia. This is the smallest country in Central Asia. Tajikistan is a mountainous country. Mountains occupy 93% of the area and belong to chains Pamir, Altai and Tian Shan. The biggest part is within the Pamir mountain range. Mountains are picked young. The highest peak of the country, top Ismail Samanija, with 7495 m was the highest peak in the entire Soviet Union until 1998. named Top of communism. The second peak height is top Ibn son who until 2006. Top named Lenin. Nearly a third of the territory is above 3,000 m. The eastern part of the Pamir Lake Karakul, which was formed in meteoric crater.
 Plains are present in the north and southwest. In the north of Tajikistan Fergansku into the valley. It is the largest and most populous valleys of Central Asia along the Syr Darya. On the Syr Darya is an artificial lake Kayrakum. The valley is divided between Uzbekistan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan. In the southwest, the valley along the river Amu Darya which runs the border area of Tajikistan and Afghanistan. The Amu Darya flow into rivers and Vahşi Pjandž. Vahşi rivers flowing mountain area, and has a large hydropower potential. Nurek dam with 300 m height of the highest dam in the world. The construction of the dam Rogun to be higher than her. The climate is continental with the lack of precipitation. The prevailing steppe which partially goes into the desert. The main cause of the lack of rainfall is a great distance from the sea of clouds that can not come to Tajikistan. Ferganska Valley has more annual rainfall and high temperature differences. The higher mountainous region with lower temperature.
 Government building [edit] History Area today Tajikistan was part of the Persian Empire. In this space were the province of the Persian Baktrija and Sogdijana. This place has won Alexander the Great and founded Grčkobaktrijska States. The Arabs conquered this region in the 7th and 8 century brought Islam. Local Samanids dynasty ruled the land and surrounding areas in the 10 century and present-day Tajikistan was considered the founder of their ancestors. In the next half millennium Tajikistan ruled Gaznavidi Turkic, Mongol and Timurid, heirs of Timur Lenk. From the early 16th century, Afghanistan was part of the Khanate Buharskog that the year 1868. became a vassal state of the Russian Empire. After the arrival of the Bolsheviks to power Tadžić initially received an autonomous republic within Uzbekistan, and since 1929. its own federal republic. The areas in which they lived Tadžić was not easy to divide the uzbečkih, so the two great centers of culture Tadžičke, Bukhari and Samarkand, as well as about one million ethnic Tajiks remained within Uzbekistan.
 After independence, the country&#39;s civil war erupted between the tribal factions with alleged support of Russia and Iran. Many Russians have left Tajikistan during the years of war, which ended in the signing of the ceasefire 1997th Similar to other countries of Central Asia, President Emomali Rahmon has been in power virtually since independence due to constitutional changes that enabled him repeated standing for election to that usually wins with a large percentage of the vote. President by 2007. Rahmonov surname, and then decided to withdraw from Russia&#39;s continuing which is not in the spirit of Tajik culture, as recommended by other residents. President Emomalii Rahmon [edit] State organization Tajikistan is a presidential republic with great powers of the president to be elected at regular elections. The president appoints the prime minister. There is a bicameral Parliament (Majlis-Oli). President Emomalii Rahmon has been in power since 1992.
 year. [Edit] Population Tadžić, the majority ethnic group, speak a language related to Persian and Darius Afghanistan. Unlike the majority of Iranians are Muslim by religion, the Sunnis (Shiites predominate in Iran). In the land of living and significant Uzbek minorities. The number of Russians is decreasing due to emigration back to Russia. The most densely populated Ferganska Valley. The mountainous areas are sparsely populated. In the mountainous area of most of the population live in valleys between mountains. Extremely high natural population growth (yielding 27 per thousand and the mortality of 7). [Edit] Economy Tajikistan was the least developed republics of the former USSR, and today is among the world&#39;s poorest countries. Most are grown cotton, which is an important export product. It is still cultivated grains and fruits. In the mountains, dominated by livestock farming. Mineral resources are underutilized. It is very important electricity production due to a number of hydroelectric power (in Tajikistan there are some of the largest dams in the world).
 The most important industry is the production of aluminum, which makes the bulk of exports. Has been developed and prehrabena textile industry. After the war, 1997th economy is growing rapidly, but GDP is still quite low (in 2004. $ 1,100 per capita, measured in PPP). Economically most developed Ferganska Valley. v • d • Countries in Asia Independent States Afghanistan • Armenia • Azerbaijan • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Bhutan • Brunei • Cyprus • Egypt • Philippines • Gruzija1) • India • Indonezija2) • Iraq • Iran • East Timor2) • Israel • Japan • Yemen • Jordan • South Korea • Cambodia • Qatar • Kazahstan1) • China • Kyrgyzstan • Kuwait • Laos • Lebanon • Malaysia • Maldives • Mongolia • Myanmar • Nepal • Oman • Pakistan • Rusija1) • Saudi Arabia • Singapore • Syria • North Korea • Sri Lanka • Tajikistan • Thailand • Turkmenistan • Turska1) • United Arab Emirates • Uzbekistan • Vietnam Other territory of Hong Kong (PRC PUR) • Macao (PRC PUR) • Unrecognised States Abkhazia Nagorno-Karabakh • South Ossetia • Gaza Strip and the West Coast • Taiwan • Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus 1) Mostly in Europe.
  