In the film, Richard Donner, &quot;Conspiracy Theory&quot; Mel Gibson plays Jerry Fletcher, a taxi driver obsessed with bizarre conspiracy theories. In this film, m Fletcher has two obsessions: love of a woman played by Julia Roberts and inexplicable urge to buy a book every time he sees it. The book is Salingerov novel &quot;The Catcher in the Rye&quot;, and Donner openly alluded to the fact that has become a legend of our time. Specifically, Mark David Chapman, at the time when Lennon was killed, had with him the book. John Lennon killer Mark David Chapman did not even attempt to flee. They say it is still sat on the sidewalk and waited for police. From his pocket he took out a book and read it, although it is certainly knew by heart. Jerome David Salinger is the author of the book. He died the day before yesterday in the 91 age. Salinger is a writer who is surely the champion of hiding his private life from public eyes, which at the present time deprivatization seems worthy of respect.
 His last short story was published 45 years ago in the &quot;New Yorker&quot; and still remains famous. Last interview he gave in early eighties New York Times and then said that &quot;there is wonderful stillness in disclose. Born on New in 1919. in New York. After high school he studied at three colleges, but nothing has ever graduated. He participated in the Second World War and then returned to New York and began a literary career. A few years later settled in a lonely villa surrounded by high walls away from the big city, completely withdrawing from the public, journalists and refused offers for stage and film adaptations of his works. This Holden would not like the offer by Elia Kazan to make a movie on &quot;The Catcher in the Rye,&quot; he said apparently: &quot;This is Holden would not like it.&quot; Why are so popular writer, retired to New Hampshire and stopped posting, it remains a mystery. About how they appeared different theories, the most convincing and seemed to be that of PTSD: Salinger has seen the horrors of war, unloaded in Normandy on D-Day and was in the units that liberated the concentration camps.
 Salingerov literary oeuvre is small. Only nine of his short stories collected in one book, and the remaining twenty never gave permission to be published. Anyone who wants to read them, I had a look at the libraries of old kits &quot;New Yorker&quot;. However, today most of these stories can be found on the Internet since the New Yorker got on the internet. For the last published story, &quot;Hapworth 16, 1924.&quot; Experts believe that the key to understanding his writing, especially the character Seymour Glass. With Holden Caufield, the main character&#39;s &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot;, through most of Salinger&#39;s oeuvre runs the Glass family, polužidovskih-poluirskih seven brothers and sisters who are all featured in a radio quiz show in which they are earning money and education. Salinger and other works - &quot;Lift high the roof beam, carpenters&quot; and &quot;Seymour: An Introduction&quot; and &quot;Franny and Zooey&quot; - dealing with Glassovima, and they were allegedly paid to two unpublished novels.
 Only &quot;The Catcher in the Rye&quot; title of the novel, the rest are somewhat longer prose forms that are too long to be considered stories, and yet too short to be novels. All that the world confuses This indeed does not matter. All works of Salinger heroes have sensitive, neurotic young that the world is confusing and that it can not cope. Salinger is because in America almost 60 years a cult writer, teenagers and college students, adolescents who wanted to enlightenment - &quot;The Catcher in the Rye&quot; was published in 1951. year. The first translation of the novel in the South Slavic area was published in Sarajevo 1958th year, a translator was Nikola Kršić. To him we owe the title of the ambiguity of the novel, because the original name of &quot;Catcher in the Rye&quot; in good conscience could translate it as &quot;Catcher in the Rye.&quot; Eda Vujević Holden is Mr. C. The last thing the world has heard about Salinger is slightly more than half a year old news that his representative, the New York Phyllis Westberg won a lawsuit against the Swedish-American writer who signed only as John David California (whose real name is Fredrik Colting) and who wrote a continuation of &quot;The Catcher in the Rye&quot; and as &quot;60 years later: Coming through the grain &quot;, in which Holden Caulfield wanders around New York as Mr.
 C., 76-year-old who escaped from a nursing home. The court banned publication of the book. On the edge of the abyss &quot;... always imagine a lot of small children play in the big cornfield. Thousands of young children, and anyone nearby. No one adult, I think, except me. And I&#39;m standing on the edge of the terrible abyss. What is my duty, I need to catch whoever you run the abyss, I mean, if someone is running without looking where to go, I need to turn up somewhere and catch it. That&#39;s all I need to work all day. To be such a Catcher in the Rye. I know it&#39;s crazy but it&#39;s the only thing I want to be. &quot;
 