When the skies over Berlin&#39;s Reichstag (national parliament) was illuminated by a gigantic fireworks, many people have stood with tears in his eyes. They become witnesses of the historical process, which actually Germans, and even people from other European countries are not considered possible. In the peaceful revolution citizens of Germany collapsed socialist regime of the German Democratic Republic (GDR) and expelled from the positions of government officials. It is not dropped a single shot, not the force used and no citizen was injured. That third October 1990. German Democratic Republic (GDR) joined the Federal Republic of Germany (BRD) - The Germans then again living in a united country. Bildunterschrift: Germans are once again united by then-President Richard von Weizsäcker, but that night stressed the link between German unity and the unity of the entire European continent: &quot;We Germans are aware of their responsibilities and we want in a united Europe would contribute to peace in the world,&quot; he said just before the fireworks.
 He did not sleep Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: These days no one thought to sleep at that time head of the German chancellor, Rudolf Seiters lived a very exciting couple of weeks. As a close ally of Chancellor Helmut Kohl attended numerous events in the previous twelve months. Night of the union spent at the headquarters of the Plenipotentiary of the German Government in Berlin. In sleep he could not think, &quot;I thought the negotiations that I had the freedom to travel for refugees from the embassy, the scene with Hans-Dietrich Genscher on the balcony of the German embassy in Prague, my speech before the German Parliament on the occasion of the Berlin Wall fell, while Helmut Kohl was in Warsaw, and one very important speech in front of Kohl Church of Our Lady (Frauenkirche) in Dresden. &quot; 323 exciting days of the Berlin Wall to the third October 1990. It&#39;s been exactly 323 days.
 For politicians in both German states, these days were full of complicated negotiations and far-reaching decisions. Especially in the GDR, nothing else has really happened. Newly elected lawmakers in March 1990. reformed socialist state in the federal system, whose newly formed states could unite with West Germany. In addition, he abolished the system of monitoring the state of the economy, as the currency of the German mark was introduced. But the haste in which the government acted was really justified. Europe after numerous reforms throughout Eastern Europe was in alarm, everywhere people are demanding freedom of movement and change of political system. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: For politicians in both German states, these days were full of complicated negotiations and far-reaching decisions of the World slogan, &quot;Glasnost and Perestroika&quot; (transparency and renewal &quot;) rapidly spread and influenced the reforms in all countries Eastern Europe.
 Rudolf Seiters recalls: &quot;It was a very deliberate attempt to focus the process, that is, not only in Moscow but also in Western countries, has caused concern and fear.&quot; The window for the unity of Germany wishes to be united in some European capitals were met with skepticism. Widespread concern has been that it will incur a too strong Germany in the middle of the continent. British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher openly opposed the merger, while French President Francois Mitterrand suggesting something more subtle potential consequences. And in the Soviet Union, events in Europe have sparked resistance. The former world power is increasingly losing its influence in countries that were formerly organized as part of the Warsaw Pact, and thus represented a counterbalance to NATO and capitalism. The West feared the coup against General Secretary Michail Gorbachev, which could jeopardize the consent of the Soviet Union on German unification.
 German unification in the center of world politics Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The people on the streets of Dresden celebrated the reunification of Germany But Germans have had luck on his side. Because the &quot;window of unity,&quot; as he later called this period, there was only 1990th year. No other event has not attracted the attention of the public policy and the process of German unification. But a little later, attention is drawn to Iraq, when in August 1990. invaded Kuwait, and was appropriated as a kind of province. In mid-1991st The world is again left out of breath - in Moscow in certain parts of the generals and the Red Army carried out a military coup against Gorbachev. That all these events occurred only slightly earlier, the process of German unification would have been complicated and time consuming. Thus, the developments in Germany was the only one in the spotlight of international politics.
 Joint parliament even before they cleared the remains of a large fireworks zapadnonjemačkog parliament representatives and representatives from the former East Germany have organized the first joint session. Two months later, held the first joint parliamentary elections after the 1932nd The convincing winner was the Christian-Liberal coalition with Chancellor Helmut Kohl at the helm. Author: Matthias von Hellfeld / Nelson Avdagić Re. ed: AS / sma
 