Peter II. Petrovic Njegos (Montenegro Petar II Petrovic Njegos) (Njeguši, November 1, 1813th - Cetinje, 10 October 1851)., Was the Montenegrin bishop and writer. But Peter&#39;s church name, and he was born Radivoj name, nickname in his youth doing, while the Montenegrins have always called him and Bishop Rade. &#39;. Contents [edit] YouTube Njegoš was born the second son of Thomas Mark Petrovic, the youngest brother of Bishop Peter I. and Ivana Proroković. Bishop Petar I took it for himself 1825th to be educated and prepared to succeed. Tradition, however, was that the ruler of Montenegro to be bishop. He attended school in Cetinje monastery in the Bay of Kotor in Tropovića Joseph, after he had a teacher Sima Milutinovic &quot;Sarajliju. [Edit] Bishop Petar II. Petrovic Njegos as a bishop in his 17th year after the death of 1830th Peter I., Njegoš be ordained a priest and assume religious and secular power in Montenegro.
 A year after taking office established by the Senate and the Garda (gvarde) - a combination of judicial organs, administrative and executive powers. For Managers nahija Captain sets. In 1832nd guvernadurstvo reversed. 1833rd he traveled to Petrograd, where zavladičen. In Cetinje 1834th founded the first printing press and a school in the liberated part of Montenegro. Serbia has been urged to take action together for the liberation of Bosnia and Herzegovina from the Ottomans. Njegoš was the religious and secular leader among Montenegrins who ruled the domestic anarchy, tribal rivalry and feuding. Bishop in the spring 1850th sick of thoracic disease whose cure is sought in vain in Italy and from which he died 10th listopada 1851st in Cetinje. Trestamentom ordered that his heir is his cousin Danilo I Petrović Njegoš. After his burial at Lovcen, the church dedicated to Peter I. Petrovic, canonized as Saint Peter of Cetinje.
 [Edit] Njegoš and Croats inside Njegoševa Muzoleja on Lovćen that the work of Croatian sculptor Ivan Mestrovic Njegos 1848th was in conjunction with the Croatian Ban Jelacic Square and offered him military aid than 2,000 Montenegrins. It is also the same occasion maintained correspondence with the governor of Dalmatia Johan fon Turkey who is in a letter dated 2 Njegoš studenog 1848th wrote: &quot;... the careful shipment of Montenegrins sovjetovatelno under which this expedition would not take, or after otložiti, jerba it may be, Mr. Ban is not the little trouble ...&quot; [1] In a letter dated 17 studenoga 1848th Njegoš Turkish governor replied: &quot;The truth is that the Montenegrins are ready to be in helping our brothers the Croats, one by jedinoplemenosti, and secondly by their friendliness prirođenoj military labors to bear.&quot; [2] [edit] Literary work Njegoš Mountain Wreath is not regularly educated, nor did he attend college. In Boka priests are taught only basic literacy.
 On Njegoš is influenced by Lucian Mušicki, which is 1830-they had a voice of a great poet. Classical Greek poetry read in Russian and one part of the Iliad, translated from the Russian language in the Montenegrin National decasyllable. Njegoš was influenced by ancient classicism, indirect and more formal, almost exclusively in the dictionary. If more singing and strengthens its personality, in that increasingly freed of this influence. His first book of The Hermit of Cetinje (originally called &quot;The Voice kamenštaka&quot;), written in the 1833rd, printed and 1834th in Cetinje. His best work, The Mountain Wreath, elevated diction and a form reminiscent of a Greek tragedy, yet the work is completely independent and as a direct product of national spirit and language. In addition to Russian, Njegoš knew French and Italian, and those languages read the greatest poets and thinkers. Njegoš began writing as a youngster. These were short and meaningless songs, quite in the spirit of folk songs, often sung with fiddle.
 Sima Milutinovic in his collection of folk songs, made a five for which he claims to have Njegoševa. 1834th published two collections of poems, where there are several songs which have already seen a brilliant poet. Among the songs dominated by a deep and bold poetry of thought in particular stand out: Crnogorac to Almighty God, loyal son of the night singing praise thoughts and Ode to the Sun. Other songs are sung on the Montenegrin heroism and are sung entirely in the spirit of folk music. Njegoš, at the time of constant battles with the Turks, astonished loved folk songs, collecting them himself and created new ones. In addition to the songs in these collections, printed and two shorter poem in the same spirit and scale the tower and blockhouse Đurišić Aleksic. In 1854th published Slobodijada, an epic poem in ten singing, in which the glory of Montenegrin victory over the Turks and French. According to contemporary newspapers and magazines came a considerable number of his shorter poems, commemorative and moral character, as well as many odes and epistles.
 Njegoš began modestly, supporting the folk poetry and learned and objective contemporary poetry, what was before him, wrote to Lucian Mušicki and his followers. But it is more developed, the truth gradually, but strong and safe. Reading and thinking, he entered the more difficult moral and philosophical issues, deeper and fuller uobličavao her artistic expression and the last seven years has created three of his major works: Luca microcosm, Mountain Wreath and fake car Šćepan Mali. In 1927th Njegos the Mountain Wreath Dušan Bogosavljević translated from Serbian to Montenegrin language. [3] This has been done, says Dr. Zarko Djurovic, that the Serbs could more easily understand Njegoševo work, because Njegos &quot;script for them was unintelligible.&quot; [Edit] Njegoševa Njegos Chapel Mausoleum on Lovćen Danilo I Petrovic Njegos Njegoševa conveyed the remains to Lovćen 1855th Storm and thunder were rastrošili chapel but Prince Nicholas I.
 Petrovic 1879th, after the war a victory remembered rebuild the chapel and put a lightning rod. When the Austro-Hungarian Empire in the First World War won the Montenegro Njegoševa grobinica Bilka was badly damaged encircling Kuk artillery. Njegoševa bones were transferred to the 12th Cetinje August 1916th 23rd rujna 1925th, King Crown Prince Alexander has been built, the idea Fully new chapel at the top Lovćena and performed the ceremonial transfer of Njegoševih bones in the chapel and the marble coffin. However, the act of King Alexander was among the tribesmen perceived as an insult to national pride, and, after 1945., Launched a campaign to demolish his chapel, and that Montenegrins themselves Njegoš build a decent grave. At the site of the old church, built in the early 1970s, the mausoleum, the solution aritektonskom Ivan Mestrovic. [Edit] Legacy Monument Njegoš front of the Philosophy Faculty in Belgrade Njegoševa things are crumbling and are irretrievably lost.
 How they have contributed to the change of government, wars, the spread of Cetinje, and mostly neglect and misunderstanding of their importance. Njegos, however, kept every piece of paper and every little thing. Have disappeared without a trace of his clothing, arms, feathers, admiring and čibuci. Books with his remarks on the sidelines for years as a drag on Cetinjski schools and disappeared. Of all the furniture, the pictures from his room, the personal things, survived an armchair. Survived several of his portraits, outside Montenegro. His pool was burned at the Durmitor, when the partisans 1942nd was burned alive. The towers and boundary walls were demolished Pool, and she restated. Brest End Pool is cut down to make way monument to the murdered King Alexander Karadjordjevic. Njegoševa guns were dragged Austrian occupiers in their own foundries. Gone are his writings, even the most important: Luca microcosm Šćepan and Mali.
 [Edit] Works [edit] Sources Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petar_II._Petrovi% C4% 87_Njego% C5% A1&quot; Category: Montenegro | Montenegro ruled Petrovic (1696th -1918.) | Montenegrin writers | Montenegrin rulers
 