First Croatian kettlbell teams &#39;Giryatrija Zagreb&#39; to defend the colors of the Croatian World Cup in the United States, which begins on Saturday, 7 August. John Britvec, Zeljko Sunjog, Dalibor Vičević and Nenad Goring hope to be in Chicago to justify the 11 medals they won at the international championships in Italy in May. Croatia Zagreb team kettlebell Giryjatrijci gather more members, and due to the extremely limited budget in the U.S. went just the best Four, while others will cheer for their colleagues from the house where he will organize a competition in support. - This is what makes this even more powerful and why the minimum donations small team manages to touch the top and qualify for such a great event - the president said the company Nenad Goring. After four months of extremely hard training, ups and downs, but won three silver and eight gold in LONG CYCLE SNATCH and disciplines in the Italian town Turbigo, Four, led by coach Gregor Sobočani went to Chicago, led by self-confidence and belief in yourself.
 On the world stage will compete seasoned authorities in the sport Girevoy (kettlebell lifting), such as Russia, Ukraine, USA, Greece and Germany. Sport at the margin, which means life - Giryatrija team&#39;s plans are for this year were planned, but made as soon as they are approved qualifying footage, sent to key people in the WORLD CLUB KETTLEBELL. Now that we&#39;ve made it so far we can only promise that we will do the best we can and try my best to leave the world&#39;s most beautiful picture of us and showed specific Croatian mentality. Thank you with all my heart portlets dnevno.hr who supported us after the article won 11 medals in Italy and thus presented to readers in Croatia in the best light of the effort that enthusiasts like Giryatrijaca inputs to the lesser known sports have seen the light of day - he said Goring. Kettlbell Kettlebell is an extremely strenuous sport that requires great discipline and strength.
 Kettlebell or girje a seemingly ordinary iron ball with a handle due to its specific shape and center of gravity provides an unparalleled advantage when exercising. Athletes compete in three main disciplines jerk (jerk), snatch (snatch), and long cycle (clean &amp; jerk, clean and jerk). The competition was time-limited to 10 minutes for each discipline, and during which a candidate seeks to make as many correct repetitions. Coaching with girje can improve or develop endurance, strength, multilateral preparation, work capacity, mental strength, endurance and hand-forearm coordination, removal of fat deposits, and recomposition of the body, stress relief, vitality, will power, dynamic flexibility, health, spine, joints, tendons and ligaments, and much more. VIDEO: &#39;Giryatrija Zagreb&#39; swept away the competition and took 11 medals
 