samson-zd: daedalos: and who is then guilty of pedophilia in the church, homosexuals and communists masons how hard the Vatican, which framing them and want to destroy the church? http://www.thegaymanifesto.com/2010/04/04/priest-defends-pope-blames-lavender-mafia-for-churches-problem/ for pedophilia in the RKC not guilty priests pedophiles or those from the church hierarchy who for years cover in this apostate raboti.Krivi parents who are naive to send their children to such a bome priests and children are probably caused patients in a black cassock so that they were in fact provoked and only responded to provokacije.Kad draws attention to the current situation and the facts associated with pedophilia in the Catholic KC grieved provide counter-arguments that there are pedophiles out vcrkve he had to admit a strong argument that justifies the crkvi.Jer pedophiles, they are still in the minority compared to those vani.Pa can actually talk about orchestrated attack on KC. Behind these, and such attacks are combined dark forces of this world like the Masons, who have as their name implies, the building mafia.
 And then, again, there are Americans, because they are mostly Protestants, Russia, as Orthodox Christians, Jews and Chinese are also not to throw. Even the European Union and NATO. And large corporations, especially Disney. The International Monetary Fund and the International Association of Athletics Federations. Fifa and Uefa. Greenpeace and Facebook. Doctors Without Borders. Scientology. Kabbalah. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. Victoria and David Beckham. Harry Potter. Gay Pride. Iron Maiden and Motorhead. Play Station. Viagra. The conquest of Mars. Hurricanes and tsunamis. Earthquake in Haiti. All can be part of the conspiracy, even conflicting ideas and competing organizations come together in unison to break down the powder and crushed everything, and traditionally Catholic. Even the aliens are working on it. You know how all the conspiracy theories, sooner or later the inevitable appearance of bulging and unusual creatures from outer space. Thank God, one of them still do not have fear.
 