South Korea, arguably the most successful Asian football team in the last 25 years. Koreans regularly participate in international football festivals, but there can hardly cope with the European and South American national teams, with the exception of SP, which are themselves organized the 2002nd With a new coach Huh Jung-Moom will try to go to South Africa in the second round, but they will not be easy ... History: The unique 2002nd years, South Korea was first to qualify for a World Cup 1986th in Mexico, but since then has not missed a single World Cup review to date, which can boast no other Asian teams. In these 25 years Korea has been at the World Championships in regularly fall off in the first round of competition, with a few memorable games like the one against Spain 2-2 at the World Championships in 1994. But at the World Championships organized just in South Korea and Japan 2002nd year, led by Guus Hiddink achieved a unique result: placement in the semifinals.
 In this way they beat Portugal, Italy and Spain, it would then still lost to Germany, and from Turkey in the fight for third place. Success will be hard to repeat ... Seven appearances in the World Championship, one semifinal. Can South Africa again until the second round? The road to South Africa: Easily the Asian qualifying fate is linked to South Korea qualifier with najmrskijim rival, North Korea. In the first stage and they played each other in the group with Jordan and Turkmenistan, and passed on, with two draws each other. In the second round are again placed in the same group, along with Saudi Arabia, Iran and the United Arab Emirates. This time the South beat the North Koreans in Seoul and drew away and surpassed all others, enough for first place and direct qualification to the World Cup. World Cup Qualifiers, Asia, the first phase: 1 South Korea 12 2 North Korea 12 3 Jordan 7 4 Turkmenistan 1 World Cup Qualifiers, Asia, the second stage: 1
 South Korea 16 2 North Korea 12 3 Saudi Arabia 12 4 Iran 11 5 UA Emirates 1 Koreans are not the ones the team in 2002. The (Photo: Reuters) The main expectation: Park Ji-Sung, Lee Chung-Yong, Park Chu-Young of South Korea&#39;s biggest star is certainly the 29-year right wing of Manchester United&#39;s Park Ji-Sung. Park enjoys great trust Sir Alex Ferguson, which gives him plenty of minutes of great regardless of all the stars that have at their disposal. For Korea appearances since 2000. and is one of the leaders in the game. Lee Chung-Yong is a young 21-year-old star. The game is also on the right side, since 2009. Bolton is a member of the English. Renowned The Times listed it among the 50 biggest hopes of world football. For the goals should be to ensure fleet-footed striker Monaca, Park Chu Young. He made his debut in the match against Uzbekistan 2005th, and at the last World Cup did not play brilliantly and want to fix it in South Africa.
 His goals will be indispensable if Korea wants the next round. Forecast: The passage of the next round would be a great success without top experts on the menu bench South Korea does not write well in a group with Argentina, Greece and Nigeria. Tactically it will be inferior to rivals, and as quality is concerned, that maybe they can compete, unless of course Argentina. If you pass the next round will be a great success, but definitely not favorites to pass away in their group ...
 