Population disappointed failed police action cleaning walls reproaches that &quot;this drug protected so that it is unbelievable,&quot; instead of being allowed to do their lynching law. So that these &quot;drug addicts and alcoholics&quot; stop &quot;to distort the appearance of the neighborhood and the peace and order in it&quot; to stop &quot;harass honest citizens&quot; own &quot;the use of alcohol, dope and various other substance&quot; and bringing their &quot;non-vaccinated dogs thence zapišavaju. Disappointed is the people as &quot;drug addicts dropping out of some victims,&quot; a good &quot;Torcidaš&quot; with chains and sticks, who &quot;participated in the recent action of giving blood,&quot; are &quot;labeled as hooligans,&quot; but only because they wanted to shed a little blood Not for transfusion than the asphalt, blood, dirty, drug and pijanačke Photo: Dragan Kujundzic Monday, 5.7.2010. Blue country for yellow certificate already know that some children in Croatia, the knowledge - because kupusarije with e-nut in the Ministry of Science, Education and Sport - to get their school certificate only guess on Thanksgiving Day.
 You know that some kids who were able to get certificates from them learned that their gender or Vrgorac River located in a country whose official knowledge and the verified name Fuchs Ministry of Islamic Republic of Afghanistan. From Vecernji list you can find out this Saturday and that a school certificate, but the chaos of the resort, Radovan Fuchs, testified about the discrimination against Croatian elementary school pupils. For some pupils get the usual blue certificate, while some are marked with a yellow star ... sorry, certificates. In Fuchsovome Ministry, of course, have no idea why the certificates vary in color, although exactly what prescribe different forms - one labeled 1A for children educated at the standard application form and 1B for children because of amblyopia, Daltonism and similar difficulties attend custom classes. There, however, argue that both the form, at least in my head that it was invented, it should be blue.
 Neither in the Official Gazette, which forms 1A and 1B set off in different colors, do not want to take responsibility for this discrimination of color, because, as the size of their head of corporate communications John Bekavac, all done according to instructions in the Ordinance on the printing of certificates, which it is Ministry. Bekavci We should believe, because of their respect for the default color to indicate undesirable proved even nineties, when a customer from Pantovcak sklepao &quot;Black Book&quot; of the Feral Tribune, the newspaper intended for defamation over the world. On the occurrence of discrimination certificates reacted children Ombudsman Mila Jelavic, and there are from Fuchs Ministry responded that they are special forms have been introduced to - the good children. Of course: those children marked yellow. At that point, but this story gets so cynical tone that was a miracle that some form of protector of the Ministry has not yet laid the blame on the children who had received yellow svjedožbe, which due to amblyopia or Daltonism not see that they are actually blue.
 Because it is possible in a country where inter-generational solidarity Minister Tomislav Ivic blind card revoked for a free ride on highway on the grounds that &quot;I use public transportation.&quot; Therefore, kids with yellow certificates - for its own good, as you said to someone close Fuchs - must understand that they live in a country where discrimination extends from the assembly hall to the toll booths. Through the Vice-Roy&#39;s palace and the Parliament. Tuesday, 6.7.2010. Beat junkies, pederčina communist! Torcidaš rods and tear gas forced the &quot;dealers&quot;, &quot;Drogaši, ajte CA&quot;, &quot;The police is more important to discover us, but to remove dealers&quot; - titles which cover the Slobodna Dalmacija attempt to young and healthy forces of Split Ponds that, to the delight of the local population, physically remove the sick and socially harmful elements that gather on the walls in front of &quot;Kerumovog&quot; stores. Good guys are in the action of his neighborhood of &quot;alcoholics and drug addicts who create the mess and the general hygiene,&quot; began in broad daylight, decorated with white scarves and Hajduk&#39;s Torcida features, armed with rods, chains, batons and tear gas.
 Undesirable were ordered to be immediately lost within the walls and - as claimed by supporters of a power kvartovskog health - all would be left only to threats that these addicts are then booted uzjogunili and rape &quot;, ie, that they agreed to without a word ultimatum. Photo: morning newspaper, however, since the team with the walls is broken up, one is &quot;Torcidaš&quot; tear gas poured a &quot;drug&quot;, and began shoving - to incredulous eyewitnesses who cheered for batinaše in white - &quot;surprising speed&quot; appeared intervention police that several of the attackers &quot;polijegala on the floor, face down as the last criminals, putting handcuffs on their hands.&quot; The rest of the healthy forces are scattered and timely posakrivao your handy weapon. Population disappointed failed police action cleaning walls reproaches that &quot;this drug protected so that it is unbelievable,&quot; instead of being allowed to do their lynching law.
 So that these &quot;drug addicts and alcoholics&quot; stop &quot;to distort the appearance of the neighborhood and the peace and order in it&quot; to stop &quot;harass honest citizens&quot; own &quot;the use of alcohol, dope and various other substance&quot; and bringing their &quot;non-vaccinated dogs thence zapišavaju. Disappointed is the people as &quot;drug addicts dropping out of some victims,&quot; a good &quot;Torcidaš&quot; with chains and sticks, who &quot;participated in the recent action of giving blood,&quot; are &quot;labeled as hooligans,&quot; but only because they wanted to shed a little blood Not for transfusion than the asphalt, blood, dirty, drug and pijanačke. Grieved population which, with its window is not a place to see a lynching, prepared so openly that the police had received eight reports of scheduled cleaning action. That is, that failed, but because he did not lose the spirit of cleaning the social environment. And now the feisty spirit of the portals to preach unless drug to be eradicated and the Communists and fags.
 To the joy of peaceful population that thinks his thugs that wound will never knock on the door. Wednesday, 7.7.2010. Croatia, a paradise for tourists, general-Until the our coastal areas and the lively dead newspaper sites does not rastrče tourist who patrol the day evaluating the purity and clarity of the sea beach, umbrellas and lounge chairs, hotels and boarding houses, taverns, waiters and waitresses, cultural facilities and souvenir shops, there is no serious evidence that there was usually unimaginatively summer scheme. A summer without the scheme there is no consolation for the matter to anyone who thinks that this burn is it just boiled and dehydrated brains. Anyone who is seriously concerned that in the first five days of July or in one newspaper did not hit the tourist patrol, yesterday was finally able to breathe easily, because the Slobodna Dalmacija figured out that this summer will be patrolling the Adriatic coast and islands, that this year should be chosen najodličnijeg among our turistopolisima which will finish the season with an average rating five-zero-or four-coma-a lot.
 And here we are already at the first station tourist patrol received the most serious candidates for the title of the waterfront whose best lives. Not only because Pakoštane of five possible four earned excellent grades, with one very good, but primarily because the patrols spotted in the title pulled out something that makes the site inaccessible: General Ante Gotovina, who - so they say - &quot;a magnet for tourists &quot;. Do not be such a magnet or similar pride or even Cavtat Dubrovnik, Hvar or any Brela. Perhaps only island where it could serve as a magnet, General Mirko Norac, but this island, because of its high O and for his stranded geographical position, not one of those in 1246 that the islands fall under the jurisdiction of the tourist patrols. To commemorate the memorable moments from summer vacations: Take the next posters Ante Gotovina Photo: EPA / STR Pakoštanska magnet is actually a giant illuminated billboard with the image of Ante Gotovina, who is the end of &quot;domestic and foreign tourists regularly photograph, and besides looking for pictures and information about general &quot;.
 Travel patrol us, unfortunately, does not reveal any information tourists receive, return it to their Žilina, Nuremberg and Zalaegerszeg with real knowledge of Pakoštancu languishing in the custody of the Hague or face a wall of silence conspiracy because municipal leaders - as they say - &quot;do not want Cash from creating a brand. &quot; Therefore it remains mysterious and scope of the general&#39;s magnetism: whether tourists come on a pilgrimage to Pakostane Gotovina or the end of his posters depict the way in passing, in thongs and shorts, as they would be photographed by anyone or anything, not to mention now that in a society which often pose a souvenir from the Adriatic ... Thus it turns out that the Cash reliable magnet for editors annoying feature. So when you are so attractive, why not share it with the number of nights in Scheveningen? Thursday, 8.7.2010. &quot;Genes stone, tennis and karaoke is moving to read that now, a day or two before the tennis match between Croatian and Serbian in Split, artificial calm frantic atmosphere of expected violent incidents that month artificially pumped.
 Viewers whose susceptibility to pumping your computer - with the clear goal that some so-called. irresponsible individuals do what&#39;s expected of them so. responsible community, which will then unanimously condemned - now ritually odvrću valves, would not it be something from them ispuhalo long ubrizgavanog polluted air, just so that the world does not say how the hosts, as well as guests, not try to avoid it which in conjunction with the Davis Cup meeting been announced as inevitable. Now everything is suddenly fine and dandy, Split bursting with kindness and tolerance, and confirm that the Serbian team, urging his fans to safely and as many come in Spaladium Arena. All are now distance themselves from their earlier statements potpaljivih, all have a mouth full of virginal white and neokaljanog sport. Referred to the songs that capture a common Croatian and Serbian tennis players, songs composed against drugs and violence, against which the other ...
 Announces that it will be the official microphone, which is dictated by the mood in the hall, to handle the team checked. And will the team to maintain the intensity and napaljenje audience within bukačke normal. Proof of this is a selection of songs umilnih which will play over the loudspeakers during breaks between games, including the first peak figures Thompson ode to uncorrupted local deoksiribonukleinskoj acid, entitled &quot;Genes stone&quot;. It will be - in order to instigate genetic tolerance - in Spaladium Arena play only the instrumental version, is to meet the form of correctness. The text will be left to the audience, which is supposed to know it by heart and will be ready to respond to nonverbal instrumental but eloquent invitation to him at your own risk, and sing odgrmi. Genes of stone, gravel from the brain: Thompson, kamenko Photo: Stock will recognize that the choice of audience and performer and her songs, even with a clear matrix of his voice, tells what to do with text and without him, and told his other songs propagate, but you know, even those on whose melody can sing &quot;Na na-na-na, lasts-for-ni-na ni-na, na-na-ni-na na-na-no-no -on &quot;, and that all they hear&quot; Because of Anice and jug of wine, I&#39;ll burn the Knin Krajina &quot;.
 Or those borrowed by the singer performed for special occasions, which made mention Max, house, butchers and so on. So when the sounds are easily heard Spaladium Arena &quot;Gena stone&quot;, the audience can choose whether to howl with dignity or just open your mouth. Organizer remains innocent. Friday, 9.7.2010. Not every evil is not Hlo for each Hlo for evil. That is just Hloverka Srzić Novak took the place Domagoja Buric, is primarily good for the health of the former program director of HTV. And health is, you know, the most important. Buric after the appointment of such successor heart securely in place and, consequently, growth and hope in almost cured of his arrhythmia caused by &quot;excessive and stressful job.&quot; And when the man returned to normal heart rhythm, it has a beneficial effect on his brain. What then, receiving the proper shipment of oxygen in the blood, being able to conceive of the utaman consumed in excessive stress and the roles of those directorships to one of Prince Domagoj which he names Buric, in the absence of more suitable actors, I had to play in his series &quot;The Croatian kings &quot;.
 Well this is what will be recovered instead Buric prezahtjevnih princely and royal butler roles to play or skoroteče, something that is less stressful and what is not ambitious sick. For HTV now has a program director who can play all the sadness and Bug at the same time, and Queen Helen and Jadranka Kosor. Of course, if the latter, meanwhile, does not come to mind that the end credits of Television, edited by remote control, starts to appear and sign as herself. It is well and that HTV has finally clear criteria. For if Mrs. Hlo Just six months removed from the post of chief editor of organizational incompetence, poor communication with people and nothing better program, it is now clear that the right to quality, without which the Prisavlje can not become a program director. New promotion of Mrs. Novak and Srzić should welcome all those scientific and economic authorities who painstakingly searching for a way out of the energy crisis.
 Hloverka is, if we are to believe her colleague Branka Kamenski, &quot;a woman full of energy all around it lose energy when they see how much she has.&quot; And when you have such an energy capacity, which supersedes all other energy and will kill anyone for their withdrawal, you do not need any oil or gas or nuclear power. A special benefit from the appointment Hloverkina expect dealers and expanded basic package of cable and digital television, which will be on the run from dirigiranog Prisavlje programs to help turn the last viewers who are due to ignorance remained hostages of HTV. Do not be afraid, these people will not complain about the money to pay Hloverkine TV, just not to have to look at. As it does not complain of any list, through which the state budget generously paid pleasure that he does not need to read. Mercy will only Hlo about the same cost is not set and the editor in chief of Vjesnik. Mini nuclear power plant: Hloverka Srzić Novak, energy injunction Photo: Stock Saturday, 10.7.2010.
 As Primorac insulted Netanyahu do not believe that anyone who was Dragan Primorac in the new issue of Globus himself as Deep Throat Pantovcak, of the former Minister of Science, Education and Sports has recognized Linda Lovelace. More likely that someone, and that dubokogrlenom plitkoumnom metaphor, I have already forgotten šestoplasiranom candidate from presidential elections to give the importance that this has never been and will not be enough. It turned out very quickly that the national weekly glagoljivom Primorac has not made any service. Unless the service is not considered Primorac bitter realization that he&#39;s Pantovcak can be absolutely anything: not only head of state, but even his deep throat. After President Ivo Josipovic denied his claim of alleged unofficial collaborators Dragan Primorac to run a large coalition of CDU and the SDP, it became clear that Deep Throat is no otorinolaringology sensation but very common malformations for which the patient is lying once zine.
 Fortunately for the deep throat, the new issue of Globus has not reached the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Because he could not remain silent when read undue laude where he was showered klimoglavi one bore which is everywhere is his friend from the Croatian. It would Primorac Bibi Habibi, I think, glad to hear that his Croatian adorant rises above all the world&#39;s politicians that it is trying to assert itself as a model for governing in their homeland. No, it&#39;s uncomfortable to be surprised by reading Primorac&#39;s arguments that abound praises his brave and decisive economic policy, reduce public spending, launched the privatization of health care and other government departments, attracting foreign investors, releasing large numbers of workers and the like trifle. And not a word anywhere about what distinguishes Netanyahu considered the strongest and largest, anywhere apartheid toward the Palestinians, anywhere hermetic blockade of Gaza, and nowhere unstoppable settlement policies of Israel in the Palestinian territories, which effectively raises Bibi nerves even Barack Obama, is there anything from that which is why Israeli Prime Minister likes to love it.
 Netanyahu would be surprised what Primorac it just points out in his story about a national consensus, because Bibi and I know that the consensus, its unfortunately not that his government many Israelis call piromanskom and disastrous for all the Middle East, and also for State of Israel itself. I would still be in anger because of ignorance of Primorac could ask why his unofficial hvalitelju this, that so many fell to the privatization of health care, someone does not buy the hospital. So that it heals his deep throat ..
 Texts from the New list of transfer with the permission of authors
 