Posted in Nacional no. 782, 09/11/2010 Author: Orhidea Gaura EDUCATION IN GERMANY dramatic events in the Croatian police studied the methods of struggle against the eco-protesters riot police command of the MUP of Croatia visited back in 2007. German riot police with whom they have repeatedly conducted joint training system for interventional training instructor intervention group of Croatian police officers testified last week&#39;s live dramatic events in Germany, where environmental activists have repeatedly clashed with local police, who tried to ensure smooth transportation with train nuclear waste. Croatian police were watching the training of German colleagues who have secured the Castor transport nuclear waste through Germany. Train composition of 11 containers with visokoradioaktivnim waste, which spread from the plant for processing in La Hague in France, according to the German site Gorleben, interfering with tens of thousands of protesters ensured that even 16 000 police officers.
 A police spokesman in Dannenberg Dieter klant for Deutsche Welle, said that the Croatian police officers were there as observers to monitor the actions of German police and police of Lower Saxony during this year&#39;s transport of nuclear waste. &quot;As part of the security pact with the countries of Southeast Europe, Croatian colleagues observe all that is necessary to protest these dimensions were tactically overcome,&quot; he said. Deutsche Welle reported that thousands of protesters blocked almost every section of the railway, and the police took a full six hours to carry protestors to the rails. Although the police officers who were in shifts and 24 hours, with some prosvjedinicima be treated a bit rough and they knew some of them and fall out or were forced to put on the ground, generally respected the principle that must be dealt with protesters circumspect. But the police tear gas flew, and several police vehicles was set on fire.
 It is not known how the turmoil in the entire Croatian policemen passed, but their German counterparts visit only part of long-standing cooperation between the Croatian and German police. Command riot police of the MUP of Croatia visited back in 2007. German riot police with whom they have repeatedly conducted joint training system for emergency intervention police training instructors. Ministry of Interior and the Police Directorate of the two countries have already signed a number of cooperation agreements, and last year the Minister Karamarko signed an agreement in Berlin with German Minister Wolfgang Schäubleom.
 