. The main impact in all news media were arrested and searched because of the publication registry. Total repression of Registry: police and military police arrested at Karlovac and Zagreb - The competent state bodies have not been willing to talk much about this action. Only the police directorate and says that &quot;police are working in cooperation with the military police.&quot; Began to arrest in Karlovac and Zagreb, Karlovac and trial defense office - Unofficial sources that morning in the area of Karlovac and Zagreb on suspicion of involvement around the publication of registers on the web have been arrested several people. Among those arrested, allegedly, and DM, a former employee of the Office for the defense of Karlovac. Besides Felice apartment, the police this morning raids in Karlovac Office for the defense. . Police search flat MOD&#39;s employees because of registry veterans-crime police investigators and Ministry of Defence at this time in search of an apartment Karlovac performing employees MOD Enes FeliCa which, unofficial information, suspected of having played a key role in the publication of the register of Croatian defenders.
 Police raided apartment Felićev dawn where searching for evidence to link it with the publication of the register. In the flat came after a reporter earlier this week Felic Jutarnji List said that at work, in Karlovac Defence Department, is experiencing bullying and discrimination on ethnic grounds conducted by the State Secretary Željko Goršić. ......... For everything that was happening to me I hold responsible State Secretary Željko Gorsic - that among other things written in the present application by Karlovčanin Enes Felic (45) submitted to Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor, the Parliamentary Committee for Human Rights, the Ombudsman, the Ministry of Administration, the union of civil servants and parliamentary representative Šemsi Tankovic. . Case Register: The ongoing search of an apartment MOD employees, brought the former head of the Karlovac Defence Department - Enes Felic during the war was a very important link in the city of Karlovac, and was decorated several times.
 The search of his apartment began early in the morning. Police suspect it was he who played a key role around the publication of registers. On the phone Enes FeliCa spoke to us of his wife saying that he can not talk now. &quot;I know why you are calling, but even I can not razgvarati. Thanks. Goodbye&quot; - briefly said his wife. ........ Hearing no connection with the Registry? Enes Felic allegedly late Tuesday Morning reporter said that the rate at work found out that he was preparing something about SS Registry and jokingly added that he would not be surprised to file new charges against him and search his apartment on charges of stolen Registry Veterans. Felic was argued on Monday in an interview with a reporter of harassed at work on a national basis, and implemented by Secretary of State Ž.G. Felic claims that his advancement in the MoD, cemented and that the relocation effort to avoid bullying, but even this did not succeed.
 In a letter sent Kosoric Parliamentary Committee for Human Rights, the Ombudsman, the Ministry of Administration, the union of civil servants and MPs Šemsi Tanković explained the ways in which he had been harassed. . Felic: place me, I published a register! and arrested the former head of the Karlovac Defence Department. ........ Under the full material and criminal liability argue that we placed the State Secretary in the Ministry of Defence Željko Goršić - said Enes Felic after police ended the search of his apartment and moved in search of the car in front of the building. Radio retina appears to have been around 10.45 hours of military officers and the police end up with a basic thorough &quot;brushing&quot; and searching the apartment Karlovčanin Enes FeliCa, Past employees Karlovac Defence Department, and Defense Ministry employees. After a search of the apartment and the basement, the police are &quot;moved&quot; to search Felićevog car, and he in a short speech to reporters in front of the building, said exactly the above phrase in which to what happens to him accusing Karlovčanin Zeljko Gorsic, Secretary of the Ministry of Defence u.
 He said he worked on the mobilization of business and had access to documents, but neither could nor wanted to download register veterans. . Arrested the former head of the Defence Department - the one Karlovac apartment is currently being searched in an investigation about publishing the Register of Croatian war veterans on the web, and learned how kaportal.hr, arrested the former head of the Karlovac Defence Department. Employees of the military police and basic thorough combing and searching the apartment Karlovčanin Enes FeliCa Street Većeslava small hall, a former employee of the Office for the defense of Karlovac. Police this morning in the early hours of the morning came to his apartment, the entire trial, and all discovery in the action of those who register Croatian soldiers recently published on the internet and thereby pay a state secret. Enes Felić, whose name was published kaportal.hr, known Karlovac, because during the war years played a vital role in the town of Karlovac, and for its contribution was decorated several times.
 Trial and premises in Karlovac Defence Department. A spokesman for the Ministry of Interior James Borovec tportal.hr confirmed for the continued operational processing associated with the partial publication of the Register, Veterans Internet. &#39;The processing is carried out over more people from Zagreb and Karlovac, in cooperation of military police and members of the police directorate, &quot;said Borovec. .............. At the same time at the headquarters of the Zagreb crime police in Heinzelova Street continued to search a computer seized last blogger Mark Rakar by police last week arrested a few hours on suspicion that he is connected with the publication of the registry on the Internet. In doing so he seized several computers and computer equipment. Since his attorney Mare Mihočević learned that Rakar morning again came to the police to attend the end of the search. &quot;Search is still ongoing and we hope that it will now end,&quot; said Mihočević. . This unprecedented repression, arrogant and totalitarian system wishes directly threatening messages to the people, that their is nothing anyone can not, and they can arrest and prosecute anyone they want and how they want, without any evidence and only on the basis of suspicion or someone&#39;s instructions.
 . This is not a matter of state secret, but something else entirely. Why have not reacted to the disclosure of state secrets and others, where closed to most journalists in prison. Here is a fact that soon someone from their &#39;Corps&#39; need to jail, because he brought up the truth and they lied, and did krivorvorili mutljavine. With all this, it was shown that the system of keeping secrets, and security system, cored like a sieve, what is the message to NATO, how much they can trust and rely on them. . Log in mobbing MOD: Read what he wrote Prime Minister Enes Felic - Karlovčanin Enes Felić, whose apartment this morning, officers searched the police and military police provided the Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor, the Parliamentary Committee for Human Rights, Ombudsman, Ministry of Public Administration, Logging civil servants and MPs Šemsi Tanković petition in which he wrote that implementing a bullying against him by the State Secretary of Defence Zeljko Gorsic.
 Page 1, 2, 3 and 4. . There is no doubt that they are still standing in the investigation and that they lost their compass, pretresajući, arresting and privodeći all that eventually, in their opinion might be suspect. So it happens in&#39;&#39;legal&#39;&#39;state, where all the stolen bones, and the culprits or no money anywhere. It is simply too good, it showed what they were visibly shaken and very, where they showed in which direction they should continue to &#39;push&#39;. . . Published by the Taliban at 12:28, 4 komentar (a), print, #
 