Author: Ana Muhar Posted: 29.04.2010 Matthew Taylor, a former adviser to Tony Blair, the forecast for the Morning. Former Blair adviser thinks that people are not for Clegg because I do not believe they will win LONDON - Matthew Taylor Chairman of the Board of the RSA (Royal Society for the Encouragement of Arts, Manufactures and Commerce), a think-tank which has existed since the 1754th, has more than 27,000 members and under the patronage of the British Queen. In addition, he was one of the top people of Blair&#39;s New Labour, then Blair&#39;s chief adviser for strategic issues. RELATED NEWS News Blair problem is Iraq is today a picture of Blair unfairly bad? - The basic thing in the minds of people currently Iraq, believes that the decisions regarding Iraq made on weak foundations, and that the entire operation was inadequate. In the future, historians may conclude that it was a good move for the world and the world is safer today because of this place.
 As for New Labour in general, people will say that these years were good for Britain, but Labour did not use all the opportunities they had. Do you think there is a strong possibility of hung parliament, parliament without a majority party? - Yes, I think that will happen or a hung parliament or a Tory victory. It seems to me that Labour lost this election and that at this point only considered whether the Conservatives successfully oppose the Liberal Democrats, or they can maintain position. In these elections interesting large unpredictability. In the past we have always predicted who will win, so this situation with so many choices open to us new. Can the Liberals win? - I think not. However, there is a paradox: people do not vote for them because they think they can not win. If Clegg in the last debate is good and its popularity grows even more, people might actually decide to vote for him.
 What are the possibilities of a coalition? The Liberal Democrats have a problem: the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats will most likely get a Labour lose seats in parliament. Gordon Brown is likely to be rejected and that he decided to keep the Liberal Democrats, would destroy their popularity. Another year of Brown&#39;s Labor want to reform the voting. There is a possibility being discussed among the Labour Party and the Liberals, according to which after the elections, they keep Brown a year to a referendum on voting reform. So that he can pull us out of recession and a reform. Then we would have had to organize another one parliamentary elections under the new rules. It is the foundation of the liberals to change the system and if they succeed, it will become much more important force in politics. The finals will be talking about the economy LONDON - subject of the third and last TV debate Gordon Brown, David Cameron and Nick Clegg will be the economy and is expected to be British, at a time when the economy of the island is sinking into the growing crisis, less attention is paid to how candidates say, and what more to have their say.
 He has emerged as the winner of the head of the Liberal Democrats, previously pretty anonymous Clegg, while the current prime minister, Labour leader Gordon Brown and Tory chief David Cameron, the shadow of the pali. The last debate before the election 6th May is the last chance the last two to encourage her to win over undecided voters, and to maintain Clegg suddenly obtained the status of the new star of British politics. What Britain is interested in, what you cut and when? Specifically, the country faces a huge deficit and the urgent measures necessary to prevent collapse. Brown holds the strongest cards in this game, and many analysts agree that his approach to the problem the best. It is about maintaining the level of public spending and state intervention to help new industries. By contrast, Cameron has been to reduce public spending. Clegg must clarify what would you do in the event that no party securing a majority in parliament.
 A. Handabaka number of recommendations: 0 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 