Obama urged more than 250 Democratic representatives, gathered in the center for visitors to the Congress to put aside political calculations. After groznièavih efforts to support the outcomes of a sufficient number of members and resolve disputes in their ranks, leaders of the Democrats in U.S. Congress have expressed their belief that they have the necessary 216 votes to Sunday evening brought a historic law on health care reform. - Clearly we believe that we have the votes - said the leader of the Democratic majority in the representative house of Congress, Steny Hoyer. President Barack Obama on Saturday called on more than 250 Democratic representatives, gathered in the center for visitors to the Congress to put aside political calculations and do what is right for Americans. - Do it for them. Do it for people who are really scared now without fault - he said. He reminded the lawmakers that the U.S. already 100 years unsuccessfully trying to introduce universal health insurance, which is standard in developed countries.
 He told them to vote against the bill, only if&#39;&#39;we sincerely believe in my heart that this is not a great improvement to the &#39;status quo&#39;&#39;&#39;. Photo javno165 - The law is moderate, designed to help Americans in the area of their life where urgently need help. We have discussed health care for decades ... now it&#39;s in your hands. It is time to adopt a law on health care, and I am confident that you will you do it tomorrow - he said. On Sunday evening the representative home will have three voting - the rules of debate, the package of draft laws that prihvaæen in the Senate, and on the Senate legislation. The legislative package predicts the cost of 940 billion dollars to expand health insurance if it prihvaæen, legislative package would go to a vote in the Senate as a budget law, where the Democrats enough natpolovièna majority of 51 votes, which they provided, and then signing on to Obama.
 Democrats on Saturday gave an announcement that would bring the law in the process of indirect voting, prihvaæajuæi only changes to the law, and thus indirectly the whole law, which Republicans have criticized as unconstitutional. Despite the optimism, Obama and congressional leaders, many predict that the Democrats would vote to be tense and uncertain, because the law is still opposed to 30-odd Democratic congressmen from conservative constituencies. They opposed the Senate version of the law embrace enabled federal funding pobaèaja. Leaders Predstavnièkog home on Saturday evening they tried to ensure their voices promise that Obama would bring to the presidential decree that bans federal funding pobaèaja. This law is moderate, designed to help Americans in the area of their life where urgently need help. We have discussed health care for decades ... now it&#39;s in your hands. It is time to adopt a law on health care, and I am confident that you will you do tomorrow to Barack Obama The compromise legislative package predicts the cost of 940 billion dollars to expand health insurance to 32 million Americans in iduæih 10 years, which would ensure 95 percent of legal U.S. population.
 Without insurance would still be 12-15000000 citizens, the majority of illegal immigrants. Millions of people would be added to the government&#39;s Medicare program for the poor citizens, and millions of employees who have pristupaèno insurance through an employer, we would get tax credits to buy insurance. Young may remain insured through their parents, and after 21 year, if they are unemployed. Thousands of demonstrators protested in front of Congress for the first time, of every American would be required to purchase health insurance, under penalty of $ 695 per year, and the penalty for employers is $ 2000 per worker that is not secure. Funding to ensure the elimination of 500 billion dollars from the Medicare program for senior citizens, and increase taxes on the people of the highest incomes, according nestranaèkom Congressional budget office (CBO). While there were discussions of Democrats in Congress have protested in front of thousands of demonstrators, most of the conservative movement&#39;&#39;Tea Party&#39;&#39;who oppose reform as the socialization of health and splintering.
 Crnaèkih Several congressmen, including Andre Carson and John Lewis, the demonstrators were subjected to racist slurs as they entered the building, they vièuæi&#39;&#39;nigger&#39;&#39;and&#39;&#39;kill&#39;&#39;the law, according to U.S. TV networks. - It was like the time machine - said Carson.
 