President of the Croatian Chamber of Economy Nadan Vidosevic and executive director of the Afghan Chamber of Commerce and Industry (Acci) Mohammad Qurbani Haqjo signed a cooperation agreement between the CCC and Acci-I on the Croatian-Afghan economic forum, which on 22 October held in the Hall of the Croatian Chamber of Economy. In the framework of the Forum were held business talks fifteen representatives of Croatian and Afghan companies. CCC President Nadan Vidosevic said he expects that after the signing of a cooperation Economic cooperation between the two countries even more to run, especially after meeting the President of the Republic of Croatia Ivo Josipovic and Afghan President Hamid Karzai, who is expected by year&#39;s end. Afghanistan has significant economic potential, particularly in energy, mining, production of quality agricultural products, but they lack experts with the necessary knowledge for the development of certain industries, said Nadan Vidosevic and mentioned that the infrastructural framework for business cooperation with Afghanistan was completed and it is necessary to encourage and inspire business people to focus towards export projects in the country.
 Their business prospects are particularly pronounced in mining, metallurgy, food industry, construction, rail infrastructure and of agricultural production that can be sent to European markets. Croatia has the knowledge to miss Afghanistan and therefore we have to offer the country, he said, adding that Vidošević Afghanistan transitional countries of Central Asia are still at war. Croatia is among only seven states with a license for access to all calls in Afghanistan and up to now have the United States, Canada, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Russia and India, he said, adding that Vidošević the CCC opening offices in Afghanistan benefit from the reputation of Croatian representatives in the country, and in particular of Croatian soldiers and business people can help performance in that market. Acci-Executive Director Mohammad Qurbani Haqjo I said good business opportunities in Afghanistan, enormous natural resources in this country rich in mineral resources and significant potential in agricultural production and marketing in Western markets, the energy potential, and also carried out and planned major infrastructure works.
 For example, up to now has built 12,000 kilometers of paved roads, and is also planning further construction, China is in the country invested 3.5 billion USD in the production of copper, and potentials in oil and gas production. Managing Director of CCC in Afghanistan Stanislav Dunatov said activities carried out by the Branch Chamber of Commerce in Afghanistan and noted that so far the results are better than expected. Croatian companies have good opportunities to obtain jobs in construction, such as the construction of bridges and tunnels, then the area of food production, agriculture and pharmaceuticals. Birotehna Company Ltd. from Slavonski Brod, as pointed out by Igor Rubil from the company, before signing a contract with Afghan partners for the construction of local roads in southern Afghanistan. Project their work on 46 kilometers of road is worth two to 2.5 million euros. He said Rubil in Afghanistan to a successful business venture and it is important to gain favor with the locals and help them solve their problems.
 The Forum Daood Mohammad Moosa, an adviser to the Afghan Chamber of Commerce and Industry, spoke about how to operate in Afghanistan, and &quot;Financing of projects in Afghanistan by foreign donors,&quot; was the topic of lectures Milović Zoran, Deputy Director of The Asia Foundation.
 