Text: J. Simac Photo and video: Tanja Minarik DO educational institutes Turopolje leads a small winding road along the Sava embankment Turopolje straight toward the woods. Far from the eyes and ears of residents of nearby villages - Turopolja, Mraclin, Buševac, Vukovina and Old Èièa - seventy-six young men aged 14-23 years undergoing the process of socialization with the hope of a normal integration into society upon release from the &quot;educational&quot; institution. There are mainly due to theft, burglary and robbery with elements of violence. Society, partly responsible for their delinquency, made sure only because it segregates them from the &quot;normal&quot; children, not that you give them hope for a better Life after exiting &quot;Turopolja. Dilapidated buildings, built more 1958th year, 1993. were converted into temporary solution to house juvenile delinquents. Dozens of young men that they should izuèiti for waiters, cooks, zavarivaèe or a locksmith, to complete primary or secondary school.
 The objects of their construction investment were minimal, and of all of A decade has passed, and that even a single dollar you invest is meant to improve the conditions of the life of the young man whom we want to do honest and hard-working people. And all under the pretext that it was a temporary accommodation. You alienate the almost appalling atmosphere of educational institutions does not work at all motivating and not at all promising for seventy-six young men arising mainly from problematiènih nesreðenih and family. However, far from the eyes, out of mind, the logic is that obviously in terms of these young men applied. The Company is in front of this ugly scene just shut my eyes, supposing, &quot;so we will not guess and give them more money.&quot; Stench, dirt and ¾ Ohara &quot;What is HHO now seen here, that we see every day. Derutne buildings where you live, these young men are the result of a ten-year practice of not investing. However, the reconstruction is geared, and I must mention that the Government has allocated 130 000 kuna for a preliminary project whose implementation would cost between 5 and 7 million, &quot;explained the manager of the educational institutes Saša Rajic, adding that the realization of the project is unlikely given the crisis that hit the Croatian economy.
 From 6 months to a maximum of three years young men can be punished by imprisonment for you in a correctional institution. &quot;Education and Application of the Law on National Minorities are the biggest problem of young men in this institution,&quot; said Ivan Zvonimir Èièak, president of the Croatian Helsinki Committee podsjeæajuæi how it breaks up through the Roma children who Eine even a third of the population of the correctional institution. Members of the Croatian Helsinki Committee in the monitoring of prisons in the Republic of Croatia visited the Croatian third consecutive prison and talked to 40 children, and their conclusion is that after all the disastrous situation in the Department. Dismissive stench from raspadujeæeg toilets, derutni ceilings and floors, walls on the verge of disintegration, ¾ Ohara and dirt everyday life as these young men, and we can add and how or harassment are not uncommon, as by older štiæenika, which by the back fire, insists Èièak. &quot;Štiæenicima often bring family members and drugs.
 Therefore, each time upon returning after a free weekend must pass the test. Third of them drop test. In the case of positive tests, followed by sanctions, &quot;said Èièak and adds that the problem with drugs very difficult to control and prevent.&quot; One young man in the stomach so once we found 23 vreæice drugs and six of them in the anus. Vreæice the anus were immediately found, and the young man shortly after you began to complain of abdominal pain. The review we found 23 more vreæice drugs in his stomach. If only one cracked, the young man would die. Now, how to prevent? &quot;, He wondered Èièak. Štiæenici be ¾ ale and hail them back in prison a. The internal investigation we have their word against the back arove. In this case, few would believe štiæeniku. So it would be Important to introduce video surveillance in an institution, &quot;said a member of CHC, a professor Hrvoje Šikiæ.&quot; Although the štiæenici Turopolje have enough room and the Department is not overbooked, the quality of the life offered by the institutions is not is satisfactory, &quot;he added.
 Correctional Institute in Turopolje štiæenika number 76, together with the department in Sisak, the number climbs to the 110th Pills to calm and sleep best regulated and best-equipped facility of this institution&#39;s outpatient clinic. This is the only building that has full equipment and all necessary devices. Inside the ambulance and dental surgeries, is also well equipped. On the wall hung air, and opposite it a regal with medication. More precisely, prevailing pills tranquilizers and sleeping. &quot;True, most women are searching for calm tablets and sleeping as well as the majority, in prison,&quot; explained the doctor&#39;s general medicine Juraj Mihoviloviæ. The physician adds to four times per year Department of Public Health controls the food and take swabs areas where food is prepared, as well as swabs of staff involved in its preparation. Bedrooms are located in the building up. Youths from it naviruju over bars, music blaring from inside. Right at the entrance stands a few older štiæenika.
 Smoke cigarettes. &quot;We must start from the misfortunes which they created a child, but from those of a child is&quot; the toilets near the entrance where the smell of hard to learn and approximate. As we explained, the lower floor of mercury younger štiæenici who hold less is to hygiene, while the top is older than 18 years and their toilet is not as good as stinks so much. Èetverokrevetne rooms, painted in their own way, I just edited the young men. On the walls of rooms and still more New Year&#39;s decorations, cabinets coated with naked girls, beds employers ¾ eni, rooms swept away (probably prepared for the arrival of visitors). Relatively decent looking living room in which you alas held group meetings, and which is equipped with computers. On the wall hangs an invitation for membership in the drama section: &quot;We are not the best, but better choices we do not know,&quot; he writes. Besides drama, štiæenici can attend and informatics section. Object to the gym where štiæenici can play table tennis, football, handball, and go to the gym.
 But the warmer weather guys prefer to stay outside. In front of the building is tight turf for playing football, basketball and similar sports. On derutnoj building a sports hall is a large graffiti inscribed: &quot;We must start from the misfortunes which they created a child, but from those of a child&quot; (Herman Nohl, educator). &quot;These guys are printed under the guidance of professor of art,&quot; remarked the assistant director. Share
 