COMING STORM ...? Photo: Tinolovka-news for the first time this summer, finally we can expect serious cooling, namely, what we had last weekend only partially, for several hours, cool the country, although the fact that the tropical temperatures, when measured in Dubrovnik a record 43 sutupnjeva Celsius, did not return. Specifically, during this Friday Knin grijelo high 37 degrees, no capital was better luck in Zagreb was measured 36 degrees Celsius, which might not be so bad that we were faced with a strong heat, Biometeorological forecast we also did not go into the hands of therefore, be surprised by the fact that Croats are extremely difficult to submit the last 72 hours that were hell and bad for health. Many have sought salvation in the thick shade, and when there was little they unbearably wildly wealthy are buying air conditioners, mania buying expensive air conditioner runs for 20-odd days.
 Others were cool on the coast, lake, river, wherever you are, according to their abilities, could, just to survive this tough in July Across the country this Friday was hell hot, Knin was recorded 37 degrees, Sisak, Zagreb, Karlovac only minor degree. Makarska was 35 degrees Celsius while Zadar somewhat easier to breathe, despite the &quot;ekavica&quot; and is roasted to 34 degrees as well as Split and Sibenik. What many expect ahead with unconcealed pleasure, but also concern, however, are very well known summer storms that often bring with them too much damage, much more than what the citizens would benefit from much-needed refreshments, the change of time following a lightning storm, and ice especially harmful to farmers and their crops. Specifically, in the night on Saturday in the northern Adriatic Sea, especially in Istria is expected that changes in the weather will gradually move the country and all over, but in the morning of Saturday, temperatures will fall significantly, daytime temperatures are not expected above 27 degrees, while in Sunday&#39;s anticipated air temperature between 22 and 25 degrees.
 Most of the rainfall is expected in the region of Slavonia, while in Dalmatia not expect heavier padaline.Naime, Split, and especially southern Dalmatia will slightly feel this refreshing, and the temperatures in this part of the Croatian expected around 30 degrees on Sunday, a little lower. Therefore Slavonia and the center of Slavonia, Osijek, befall the right autumn period in the next two days and drop temperrature, with rain during the week that will barely exceed twenty degrees centigrade.
 