Andy Coulson, adviser to British Prime Minister David Cameron&#39;s media relations, again found himself at the center of a scandal involving the illegal wiretapping of prominent persons from the list in which he was the editor, published by the British press on Saturday. Illegitimate practices tabloid News of the World once again found itself at the center of attention after an article published in the New York Times on the extent of telephone tapping that led to the imposition of prison sentences to two employees Murdochovog list 2007th year. Former British officials on Friday demanded a new investigation into the wiretapping of foreign workers lists owned by media magnate Rupert Murdoch, and by the time the current editor Andy Coulson Cameron&#39;s adviser, reported AFP. The article lists the U.S. opened the question of whether the police fully investigate the case and how much was familiar with the tapping of Coulson who is due to the scandal resigned as editor, but has consistently denied that he knew of the wiretap.
 David Cameron in an interview with a former BBC journalist Coulson list of contested claims, saying that he &quot;was well aware of the interception,&quot; and that is to deny &quot;simply false&quot;. According to the British &quot;Guardian&quot;, a former deputy prime minister John Prescott and two other former government officials have threatened to sue the police if it is determined that they were not informed that they were intercepted by a private investigator who worked for Murdoch&#39;s list, according to media reports tapped the were also members of the royal family, princes William and Harry, as well as prominent personalities of the world showbiz and sports such as actresses Gwyneth Paltrow and Ellie Mcpherson. News of the World has tried to portray this practice as a limited no New York Times in its article claims that it was much more widespread than is acknowledged. Scotland Yard said on Friday defended his conduct of cases rejecting claims that the sentence failed to investigate new information about the affair.
 News of the World on Friday gave a statement that New York Times did not provide any new evidence which would support the notion of a broad-scale wiretapping and the British prime minister&#39;s office said that Coulson allegations of involvement in the controversial practices completely rejected. (Hin / metro-portal )
 