Photo: AFP Video: ITN news (Youtube) for fear that it would be the ošteæenog tank on the west Hungary could pour more toksiènog mud, authorities said Saturday morning began to evacuate the residents nearby ¾ Kolontar his place. &gt; In Hungary seven dead, Vukovar Water no longer take water from the Danube, spokesman for the Hungarian case you be in excellent condition Tibor Dobson said that the wall ošteæenog tank further weakened and that there is a danger of complete collapse, which is why the rescue team decided to evacuate the 800 residents of . &quot;Evacuation Kolontara was begun at 6 o&#39;clock in the morning, after we had ahead of the problem. The decision to evacuate was made Interior Minister Sandor Pinter. Everything is ready for the evacuation of neighboring Devecser if necessary.&quot; Seven dead, over 120 injuries Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Saturday visited the hardest ¾ affected area and said that the tank will probably break again.
 &quot;Tank is in very bad shape and our estimates are to the wall could be demolished and endanger human Life. To prevent the new death evacuated are people with more areas. The tank is still about 500,000 cubic meters of red mud&quot;, told the media. Yesterday was a result of injuries during a spill of sludge and the fifth person died, 81-year-old man. The BBC, citing the official on official sources, reported that the city Devecsera found two bodies of three missing persons, which means that the death toll climbed to seven. Reminiscent of, the earlier the life lost four people, three were considered missing, and over 120 people were injured. The Danube at Batina no oneèišæenja reminiscent, to accidents and environmental disasters of massive scale occurred on Monday when he broke the tank with toxic red mud near the town of Ajka in Hungary. The mud was very lu ¾ nat, pH 13, which was subsequently neutralized with acid and gypsum, and the contents and the harmful elements like mercury, arsenic and chromium.
 Although the pH value in Hungary and the Danube rivers yesterday reduced the risk are just heavy metals that could pollute the Hungarian difficult rivers including the Danube, which passes through Croatia. Water sampling conducted by de ¾ urn be the official Croatian water and hold water rights public inspection at the 1429th km of the Danube River on the border with the Republic of Hungarian profile is still not indicate the occurrence oneèišæenja and measured values of physical-chemical parameters and metals in the water does not deviate from the usual measured values. The monitoring and water sampling will be conducted and further, depending on developments in the Republic of Hungary and the results of the analysis and assessment, said in a recent statement, Dr ¾ State Administration for Protection and Rescue. From precautions ¾ future water supply until further notice, the city of Vukovar will not zahvaæati water from the Danube, but rather will exclusively use ground water from deep wells, with the goal of absolute safety of the public water supply system in the city of Vukovar.
 Authorities said that the cracked tank leaked out on Monday between 600 and 700 thousand cubic meters of red mud, which is only slightly less than the amounts of oil that leaked this year, with BP&#39;s platforms in the Gulf Meksièki. Air pollution threatens our hold State Directorate for Protection and Rescue has said that the Monitoring and Information Centre of the EU Mechanism for Civil Protection in collaboration estimated that the red mud zahvaæena area between 800 and 1016 acres. In the rescue and clear away hazardous ¾ particular field is included 927 people and 130 vehicles. The primary task is bringing the pH of the water in polluted rivers and Rab Marcal to the level of tolerance by adding gypsum River. Until now, used 4000 tons of gypsum, and plans to add 8000 tons. Because moguæeg creating red dust after drying the sludge began to control air pollution and are hazardous to everyone you particular area assigned protective mask.
 Hungarian government asks for help from the core of the EU in the form of sending experts. The arrival of experts in Hungary is expected on Monday. In Budapest, 10 times greater storage of the same poison environmental groups warn of a few ¾ arista in Hungary, which may be of the following environmental disasters. Considered the most dangerous seven warehouses located 100 kilometers northwest of Budapest, which is 12 million tons of toxic sludge placed there yet 1945th year. Amounts of silt that there is more than 10 times bigger than this to be spilled this week. &quot;If there discounts dam, the entire Hungarian left without drinking water,&quot; said Hungarian environmentalists. Share
 