Croatian nation state in international relations has for centuries been the unwanted child of the forbidden. Mutual relations between big powers, the interweaving of their interests, as well as various aspects of their mutual conflicts in the struggle for dominance, often have led to areas where they settled down in the past the Croatian people. In these aspirations of the great powers of Croatian territory still to be found and those individuals and groups, which are due to misconceptions or some sort of petty personal interests openly put aside masters. Thanks to the framework of international and domestic circumstances, a space that Croats settled during his arrival at his new home, bordered by the Adriatic Sea to the south and the north of the river Drava, Drina in the east and the Bay of Piran and Sutli in the west, for centuries it was under the rule of different masters. In such circumstances, Hungarian, Austrian, Venetian, Turkish and Serbian politics through their projects velikodržavnih broke the spine to the Croatian people, thus preventing restoration of the Croatian state.
 Process by which the Croatian people in this period was exposed to centuries ultimately resulted in the fact that the good work of the historic Croatian territory indigenous people disappeared or turned into a minority. Thanks to these and such historical circumstances, the former Croatian ethnic territory came to the creation of two states - the Republic of Croatian and Bosnia. The largest part of the Croats, and today, this area sees a unified homeland, which is a different set of circumstances is divided between two separate states. Explaining his vision of solving the Croatian question proponents of this idea, Croatian or statesmen, they emphasize that the Croatian people have survived all the previous political system, and so will outlive the current existence of BiH, apparently alluding to the possibility of acquisition of majority parts of the Croatian Republic of Croatia. However, operating within the Croatian people and those groups and individuals in such a view of their homeland straight blasphemy.
 According to them, the home of the Croatian people is just one part of the historic Croatian territory, after the signature of Karlovac (1699). Požarevac and (1718.) Peace agreement found outside the borders of the Ottoman Empire, as indeed was the starting base for the Anti-Republican evsko drawing boundaries in communist Yugoslavia. Any reference to the natural, historic and ethnic rights of the Croatian people in BiH by the latter now being classified as interference in internal affairs of another country or attempted secession. Insistence on national identity and rights of the Croatian people in BiH is another &quot;eyesore&quot; This structure, which is the last six decades, or execution of the Croatian part of the intellectual and political elite in the second. World War II and the postwar period, has become very dominant in the Croatian political and intellectual circles. It is an astounding degree of consensus that the present power structure A winning there with the great and velikobošnjačkim circles, as well as some international agency, when it comes to Bosnia.
 Correspondence with the great idea is reflected in the fact of complete detachment from the Croatian BiH, and especially the shift away from part of the Croatian people in BiH. Such a policy of non-intervention is a tremendous strategic mistake, which highly favors the preservation of the current Bosnian-Serb division of Bosnia and Herzegovina, made at the expense of the Croatian people and the strategic interests of Croatian. However, today the Bosnian-Serbian division of BiH, embodied in the Dayton and his mighty revisions are not satisfied or Bosnians, whose political and intellectual elite are trying to achieve their maximalist goal. Bosniak political leadership, with support from the intellectual circles and the leadership of the Islamic community, striving at all costs, modeled on Serbia and Croatia, as a nation-state of Serbian and Croatian people in BiH to convert a national state of the Bosniak people. It seems unnecessary to emphasize that this idea velikobošnjačka government of Alija Izetbegovic and Haris Silajdzic, the embodiment of their trying to accomplish on a modified version Garasanin project, slightly restated velikobošnjačkih for achieving political goals.
 In addition, the holders velikobošnjačke ideas openly telling the other two nations that is only a matter of time before the transformation of Orthodox Serbs and Catholic Croats in the Bosnian Orthodox and Catholic denominations have been completed the process. It is precisely such efforts Bosniak political and intellectual circles for total domination over other nations has significantly complicated the way the full realization of the Bosnian-Serbian division of BiH, which are directly supported the United Kingdom, United States, Russia and Turkey. Such political megalomania Bosniak political circles is suddenly &quot;opened the door,&quot; the third, and political representatives of the Croatian people in BiH, which for a long period of time this issue unsuccessfully trying to put on the agenda. Joint Croatian-Serbian attack against the efforts of the official Sarajevo unitarianist seems like only the likely possibility that Bosnian political leadership to return to a realistic political context, or force them to abandon unitaristic order of the state.
 All the frequent references to the fact that radical Islamic movements operating in BiH is a very big threat to the wider environment have led, as it seems, and some favorable winds in complex international relations. However, it seems that these changes are not discernible certain groups who operate within the Croatian people. The support that remains of the former Yugoslav repressive apparatus within the Croatian people give velikobošnjačkom concept is not strange. Besides taking fat tip in petro-dollars, for them the issue of BiH and the experiment will show whether it is possible to loose confederal relationship of the former Yugoslav republics and Albania, which is their strategic objective. The second part of the proponents of the Bosniak-Croatian Federation, which the Croatian people in BiH undoubtedly lead to eventual extinction, is in part political and intellectual circles in BiH. This is a negligibly small number of mostly ethnic Croats who live and work in predominantly Muslim areas.
 For reasons known only to them, this turned into a minority advocates and put others&#39; interests against the fundamental national interests of his people. Due to the fact that their media space in Sarajevo and Zagreb unlimited open, it seems that it comes from Nimni numerous group. In particular, this mighty movement among probošnjački partly Catholic priests who work in predominantly Muslim areas. For better addressed not to any news. In times of Yugoslavia in this same area for a very powerful group of pro-Yugoslav Bosnian Franciscans, led by Fr Mark Orsolic Randjelovic Fr Peter and Fr Luke Markešić. Historical circumstances which we have witnessed over the past twenty years have led up to a certain shift in their work. Some of them are no longer among the living, some are a little pasivizirali, but worked hard to educate their successors.
 Surviving members of the group called. &quot;Red,&quot; the monks themselves, together with their younger counterparts, the guardian of Yugoslav brotherhood and unity over time transformed into ardent advocates of &quot;multi-ethnic Bosnia.&quot; A spokesman for the group ten years ago he was named Father Ivica Mladina. However, he suddenly disappeared from the public arena. Better Well-informed show that in the meantime left the priesthood and settled in a happy multi-ethnic marriage, as a matter of personal choice, and what he should not be objectionable. Judging by the statements that recently came from Fr Peter Jelec, Bosnian Catholics with a goatee and gellan frizurice &quot;, it can be concluded that it was Jeleč became the new spokesman for a group of red-monks&quot; formed during the first half of the fifties of last century. Will you mention the Bosnian Catholic, currently wrapped in Fratarski habit, to remain in the bosom of the church or will follow the footsteps of his former colleagues is difficult to say.
 However, with complete accuracy can be ascertained when and under what conditions formed a group of red-monks &quot;which Fr Peter Jeleč only Newly member. For those with a lack of patience, I will tell you it is a part of the Broz-Rankovićevog project is aimed at the creation of the Yugoslav Catholic Church. Those more patient at the same time I say that the details of this power to learn in the next CRASH FRIDAYS. I hope that by then the public react to this review Jeleč Fr Peter or one of his mentors. Ilija Zovko Links to the &quot;jewels&quot; from the workshop of Fra Petar Jelec Fra Petar Jeleč lost sheep? http://depo.ba/front/fra_petar_jele ~ - ~ c-_izgubljena_ovca quest Fra Petar Jeleč: Without a doubt, Zeljko Komsic will have a simple easy task http://hercegovina.info/vijesti/vijesti/izbori-2010/fra- Peter Jelec-no-doubt-King-komsic-will-have-just-an easy task-Hadji Effendi Jeleč Fr Peter has a new interview.
 Enjoy! http://ostraluka.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=977:kad-nee-petar-brdu-hoe-brdo-petru-hadi-fra-petar-efendija-jele-ima-novi-interview- Enjoy &amp; catid = 29: latest-&amp; Itemid = 53
 