Objective comparison is quick to conclude that Sarajevo is not even close Islamicised, as Banja Luka pravoslavizirana. And therefore, if you look in the light of Tehran Islamic Republic of Iran, by nature of its design, it is closer to the truth of the thesis that the Banja Luka Tehran, and the Republic of Serbian Orthodox as an entity similar to the Islamic Iran, but it is the Federation ... By: Bojan Bajic propaganda machine of the Serbs from before the war, and in here made that the mosque and ezan become the embodiment of cumulative historical Serbian fears and myths, and the point at which clearly shows the intention of Serbian genocide in Bosnia and Herzegovina of the ruling ideology of the early nineties of the twentieth century. The mosque is still in the minds of the average citizen of the Republic of Serbian Serbian nationality source of all evil and misfortune, because it symbolizes the worst, what makes the average Serb freezes the blood in your veins, what shapes and wraps Serbian consciousness, what makes Strečno Serbian ear only when it hears something, and something that the Muslim religion and Muslim people.
 Never discussed the quality issue of the Turkish conquest, prevjeravanja, and all the frustration that they eventually deposited in the Serbian national memory, the early nineties were not accidentally been the subject of propaganda machine that is supposed to Serbian mass in Bosnia ready for final solution to the Muslim issue. On this background, the terrible media manipulation, was a thorough indoctrination vast majority of Serbian mass, which was applauded, agreed, or just silent while systematically, deliberately and without exception destroyed all mosques that were available to military and police structures of the Republic of Serbian. PRAVOSLAVIZACIJA uncritical and manipulated the Republic of Serbian public does not see, or do not want to see that the degree of Serbian Clericalisation countless times, and almost completed the process. From the notion that all public institutions have their own Orthodox holidays and celebrate (ministries, schools, institutes, etc.), through inclusion in the Orthodox ritual events financed by public funds, to the fact that children in schools by automatically entered into the Orthodox religion without seeking approval from parents, etc.
 Hundreds and hundreds, some say the numbers over a thousand mosques were destroyed, as one of the irrefutable evidence of genocidal intent to be one nation and his faith destroyed and erased the traces of its existence. I understand and I realize, but does not justify, every good man who was silent, because he was poisoned and crazed propaganda at that time, as I have been subject to brainwashing by the ruling SDS, Rista Diogo and others, when you make me one unhappy and inhumane event in 1992., as a fifteen year old boy, and broke with osvjestio times ostrašćenog young nationalists. However, it is difficult to reconcile with the fact that the propaganda has not ceased, probably because so many good people, thinking that he just likes her, though pronounced propaganda constructs which undoubtedly mean hatred, fascism and genocide court. I guess the fortune that orgomna most of it is unconscious. One that does not work automatically, the current President of the Republic of Serbian.
 His first look at Mangupsko-charming comparison of Sarajevo with Tehran, along with further clarification that Sarajevo has more mosques than Tehran, has nothing to do with comparative statistics, but aims to betonira Serbian consciousness and conscience in its distortions and intolerance towards the Muslim faith. This statement creates a general attitude in the Republic of Serbian Sarajevo klerikalizira and away from civilized standards, and reinforces the belief that the propagandist and the Republic of Serbian something secular, civilized, democratic, European, etc. There is truth in that statement is largely islamiziralo Sarajevo, and to means the mutual interaction with public institutions, so many public area overnight change purpose and post paid for a new mosque, through the introduction of Islamic religious education in kindergartens of Sarajevo, for some odd interaction and involvement of the Islamic religious community in a variety of secular and national issues. However, uncritical and manipulated the Republic of Serbian public does not see, or do not want to see that the degree of Serbian Clericalisation countless times, and almost completed the process.
 From the notion that all public institutions have their own Orthodox holidays and celebrate (ministries, schools, institutes, etc.), through inclusion in the Orthodox ritual events financed by public funds, to the fact that children in schools by automatically entered into the Orthodox religion without seeking approval from parents, etc. Automatically spread hatred, however, difficult to reconcile with the fact that the propaganda has not ceased, probably because so many good people, thinking that just loves her, though pronounced propaganda constructs which unambiguously imply hatred, fascism and genocide court. I guess the fortune that orgomna most of it is unconscious. Objective comparison is quick to conclude that Sarajevo is not even close Islamicised, as Banja Luka pravoslavizirana. And therefore, if you look in the light of Tehran Islamic Republic of Iran, by nature of its design, it is closer to the truth of the thesis that the Banja Luka Tehran, and the Republic of Serbian Orthodox as an entity similar to the Islamic Iran, but it is the Federation.
 Such structures, which are the fertile soil of uncritical public opinion in the Serbian Republic, the logical consequence of war propaganda on the subject of Muslim jihad in Bosnia in the period 92nd - 95, who had never experienced a democratic atmosphere in the Serbian Republic, in order to be reviewed with the objective critical distance. Thus, the general view that Alija Izetbegovic and his Islamic Declaration was intended to islamizira country (how much did whatever it was), and certainly has wandered between national-civic-religious concept, for which there is certainly a lot of evidence, and that argument does not slow. On the other hand, wants to see that Radovan Karadzic was escorted by the end of the so-called. Orthodox jihad, or religious war, systematically destroying the people and objects belonging to the Muslim religion. It does not matter if Ali wanted to or was forced, which is less important than the effects, which suggests that Ali is not only ordered, but the others managed to save from demolition of the old Orthodox Church and the Orthodox Congregational church in the middle of Sarajevo.
 While in the case of the famous mosques of Banja Luka Ferhadija we can see the dishonorable role of city government, which speaks for the Orthodox Jihad. &#39;ALTERNATIVE MOSQUE&#39; The mosque is still in the minds of the average citizen of the Republic of Serbian Serbian nationality source of all evil and misfortune, because it symbolizes the worst, what makes the average Serb freezes the blood in your veins, what shapes and wraps Serbian consciousness, what makes Strečno Serbian ear only when it hears something, and something that the Muslim religion and Muslim people. Number of destroyed churches who were in the territory under Muslim control in the war, compared to the number that is not destroyed, indicating that even in this segment, there was no systematic intent to destroy the Orthodox faith, such as through the systematic destruction of all mosques in the Serbian Republic intentions as clear as day. Thus, the Serbian Republic is led a crusade, with devastating consequences for nepravoslavne believers.
 Today is a theocratic entity, to the extent that is reminiscent of the theocratic state of Iran. And through the testimony of its officials, the first President Milorad Dodik, just pointing fingers at each other, in this case Sarajevo, which was significantly secular and democratic Republic of Serbian. President of the Republic of Serbian, but if you lack the strength and vision to its citizens an awareness and facing the past and the facts, then at least there should not be manipulated and fodder with inaccuracies and half-truths. Also, zgražavati the mosques in Sarajevo, however barbarous and necivilizacijski gesture, which would be much less daring to come from Banja Luka, because dishonorable past against the Islamic Republic of Serbian religious sites, its believers, and generally, to religious liberties of all citizens. BLIN MAGAZINE PORTAL-DEPO http://depo.ba/front/sarajevo-nije-ni-blizu-islamizirano-koliko-je-banja-luka-pravoslavizirana
 