At the economic forum in Davos, met several finance ministers, central bankers and private banks to discuss the regulation of financial markets is thinking about which several Western governments. This is an informal meeting at which they are not made any decisions. However, on it were the French Economy Minister Christine Lagarde, European Central Bank President Jean-Claude Trichet and British finance minister Alistair Darling so it is assumed that not only chatted. World Economic Forum (WEF) this year focused on measures to regulate financial markets that are occupied by U.S. President Barack Obama, the French Nicolas Sarkozy and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown. These proposals concern the bankers, according to Hina. Earlier in the official section of the forum discussion on Greece. Prime Minister George Papandreou dismissed media speculation that his country has asked for financial support and acknowledged that they blame themselves for long.
 Poračunski deficit reaching almost 13% of gross national income intend to yourself. Our European partners must understand that these are common problems in difficult times for the global economy. Today this is the case of Greece, no tomorrow, but can happen to someone else, Papandreou said in a document prepared for the Forum. Because of suspicions that the government is able to lower the deficit to the permitted 3% interest on the entire Greek debt rose by 1%. Sign up for devastated Haiti on a five-day gathering, which the last day of January in the modern Swiss winter resorts traditionally brings together the world&#39;s elite, they should adopt guidelines to help quake-ravaged Haiti and outline reforms that would prevent a new collapse of financial markets. Former U.S. President Bill Clinton, who participate in the symposium uu as special UN envoy to Haiti, called the directors of large and successful companies to confidently invest in the country destroyed by a catastrophic earthquake.
 In a speech to the WEF participants and invited the directors of large companies that are entered on a list of offices established especially for the occasion in Davos, the Forum. A major theme at Davos was how to deal with record unemployment. UN agency to work today announced that 27 million people lost their jobs last year, mostly in North America, Japan and Western Europe.
 