Accident on an oil rig British Petroleum Deepwater Horizon &quot;in the Gulf of Mexico is a catastrophe that is unfolding before our eyes. Eleven lives were lost in the initial explosion, and with the irreparable loss of the total damage increases daily leaking oil into the sea despite the efforts being made. Nobody can accurately predict how much longer the stopping highlight of oil, a few days, weeks, months ... Last year, the American financial system was insolvent, as now no longer. Commission for the Securities and Exchange (SEC) has accused the bank Goldman Sachs to deceive their customers by offering them the complicated financial derivatives simultaneously betting the decline in their value in the market, which is a reality. In 21 century, fraud has become an American icon as well as baseball, basketball or Chevrolet. That justice is justice, whatever that is napuhavao balloons fraud would run away from the U.S. faster than they do members of the Bin Laden family rented an airplane after 11 September 2001.
 We met up with a scandalous fraud, forgery of data on climate change through the so-called saga &quot;Climategate. Most of us know that the warm Gulf Stream, which flows from the Gulf of Mexico along the east coast of America has a huge impact on the earth&#39;s climate. Right now, when they again rise to his feet stumbled reklameri climate change, beyond which lies a new carbon-credit market and the trillions of new dollars for the world economy which is crying on his deathbed, climate change in lobbying for which Goldman Sachs has spent millions of dollars, in the Gulf of Mexico In the course of a great ecological disaster that threatens the consequences of epic proportions. Sinking the oil platform Deepwater Horizon, more black gold leaking into the sea and the Gulf Stream could spread oil stain on the entire east coast of the United States. In what is looming as one more hardship in public relations, banking giant Goldman Sachs acknowledged that the day before the sinking of the oil platforms Deepwater Horizon &quot;bet against the Gulf of Mexico&quot; in substantial funding so-called shortiranjem, or by taking short positions.
 Emerged e-Majli Goldmanovog Vice Fabrice Tourre&#39;s &quot;an oil platform will sink ... The financial consequences of environmental disasters are potentially huge, but highly uncertain. At issue is the sea food is a commercial aspect is an amateur, tourism and a significant number of jobs in the region of the world. There is still a mystery how much total damage the oil industry will suffer and how long it will take damage, how and when to clean the polluted coast. All previous attempts by engineers to stop the leakage of oil into the sea failed.
 