In awe watching the girl who sits next to you in a theater all by herself. When you sit alone in a coffee shop while waiting for someone, make sure you type in your cell phone to hide your discomfort. If you can find in these sentences, solo trips are for you are probably, as for many others, a totally unknown area. What would you do with whom you spoke, did you yourself sitting in a restaurant, with whom to share your thoughts? However, there are many people who travel the world alone. And their favorite mode of travel. They do not have anyone to adapt, remain in a particular place they want, eat when they eat, change the plan at the last moment and they do not have to argue with anyone ... According to some statistics, every fourth person in the United States, aged 18-40 years, at least once traveled alone, a series of books and websites are devoted to tips and experiences of solo travelers. Data on how many Croats traveling independently do not exist, but apparently did not make them a little.
 We found several of these people and told us his story about the adventures of the countries that have experienced themselves and explain why this way of discovering the world is not a bogey, but, on the contrary, for them has many advantages over the group travels. Alexander Siročić (33) employee aviokompanje is much easier to meet people when you&#39;re alone Since I know for myself, Alex Siročić travels whenever the opportunity is, and because of the nature of his job, and opportunities were rare. From country to country, from continent to continent, today this 33-year employees of an airline&#39;s missing only Australia and North America to &quot;fill in&quot; your collection continents. Previously, she traveled in company with my friend or more teams, and four years ago she decided it was first printed somewhere alone. How is her friend and 2006th &quot;Fresh&quot; returned from Colombia is full of impressions, the choice fell just in the South American country.
 Although it was a strange feeling I get completely out of the plane in an unfamiliar country, accustomed to second and stayed there for 25 days. She returned to Zagreb, determined to learn Spanish, gave notice at work, took the savings that are even further &quot;bold&quot; parents and the following year he returned to South America. This time the plan was to go from south to north, which is separated a year and 6500 euros. I started the adventure of life, which recalls with delight, but unconcealed pride in your venture. - When you&#39;re alone, you meet new people easily, which means that you never get bored and actually still have a society, and yet not ovisiš about them and they are not obliged to adapt if you want something different. On a trip is always going to plan where to go, what I see and do, and fly later that plan changes, depending on how I was somewhere and what are my wishes - Alex says, proudly pointing at a map of South America&#39;s impressive route that In this past year.
 As transportation is used by local buses and ships, slept in camps and hostels, where you had the opportunity to enjoy the challenging trekking in South American mountains. The aim of the trip was to learn the Spanish language, which today has a diploma as proof that she managed, to meet new people, land and their culture ... And that is what it is, in its view, the essence and beauty of travel. - I like to be connected to learning something useful for life, such as language, to enjoy nature and trekking, mountains and sea, new people and different cultures. What&#39;s next? Well, I would now like to learn Portuguese, so my next destination could be Brazil - plans to Alexander, who was only ten years has changed three passports that were completely filled with stamps and visas. Vladimir Djuric (35), bank clerk from Pula, I want to just hang out with locals Vladimir Djuric has 35 years banking and an officer from Pula.
 Office, paper, calculating ... Sounds boring? Well, if you say that the same Vladimir Ten years annually discarded tie and suit, and even civilization as we know, and a month wandering the exotic Asian countries. And it all alone, because it is so, he says, the best know the land, people and customs. On the first trip I went to 24 years, and Thailand. Previously, he was going out with friends, but then realized that they have the same views on travel and will be much better to spend alone. - Travel is still a matter of taste, everyone wants something different. I want to explore the country as it has, their culture and religion, to mingle with the locals ... The most prominent tourist spots that occupy thousands of tourists not interested in me so much, I want to introduce the country as it has, rather than what is presented to foreigners - says Vladimir. List of countries he has visited is really impressive.
 Along with Thailand, which broke the ice, has researched Cambodia, Vietnam, Jordan, Laos, Malaysia, Egypt, South India, but the most exciting upomene carrying out of Myanmar, a country where tourism is virtually non-existent. There, the story of Vladimir, felt like a guest and not as a tourist, and the country is fantastic and interesting. - Private trip should be very well prepared, and travel should be responsible, therefore accept the customs and culture of the country in which you are entering. If we respect their lifestyles and customs, people will accept you. Understanding the host is generally somewhat easier when you&#39;re alone, the more you open your eyes to everything around him. Prilagođavš your travel needs - says Vladimir. The adventurer in the &quot;stingy&quot; keeps given year and all of them using &quot;the pile&quot; in order for its exciting destinations could spend at least a month. Tomislav huha (35) Professor of Russian and Slovak At first I was afraid, but each time was easier when six years ago for the first time I sat on a plane and flew to Munich, where he went on the road to India, Tomislav Huhi no preference.
 Ticket is purchased, the plane took off, and he still feels hesitation and uncertainty. But when the plane from the Bavarian capital left for Asia, a rare sight beneath the clouds revealed one by one Asian country, the discomfort is replaced by enthusiasm. He left the plane in New Delhi and had five hours to train departure, which was carried on the trip. - I found some fast food that I made sure I spent five hours in it since I was bed I roam the streets. No, but when I returned after a month in an unfamiliar country, all the discomfort disappeared and the time to departure of aircraft without any fear I have spent exploring the streets of Delhi with a backpack. When I once broke the ice after it was easy, so I immediately after returning from India went to six months in Moscow, where I got the scholarship - the story of Tomi, who graduated from Russian and Slovak. He also visited Peru, but with the travel agency, but each time used to separate the groups and I am exploring the country.
 Welcome the dawn of Machu Pichu, for example, I went without a group of tourists with whom he traveled. Move your own limits, gaining new experiences, open horizons ... It was, in his words, what is magical journeys. In Croatia, Tomislav occasionally I climb the mountain Velebit, and Slovakia is explored by car, getting to know all the nooks and crannies of this country, remaining in any place as desired, turning right when he wanted to go right, extending straight when he &quot;blew&quot; it goes straight. .. - It is priceless, that feeling of freedom, no restrictions, that do not have to hesitate and think, to travel where I want to just go and do what I want ... - Says Tomislav. Getting to know local people and customs easier when you&#39;re alone, agrees. - In every country, people are different, neither better nor worse, simply different lifestyle, culture and way of thinking, and this is what I want to know and understand.
 Next I plan to travel to Australia and New Zealand, and further, wherever they put me carried away - says Tomislav.
 