The importance of, and lack of water in the world, disregard for the most important natural resource for you, without which no life, is reminiscent to you unfortunately only 22nd March, when the abundance ¾ ava World Water Day. Theme of this year&#39;s abundance of expression of the World Water Day in Bosnia as &quot;Water Quality - challenges and opportunities&quot; and &quot;pure water for a healthy world.&quot; It is known that this is a place of waste disposal. We have appealed to citizens to finally start to act you did not delete the water. As you can see, even now the situation is not better! Similarly and on the nearby lakes ¾ nim. It is small and insufficient, almost anything on the cleaning and maintenance of rivers, lakes, water uopæe! The man is behaving irresponsibly. Therefore, the risk of shortages. Reserves of clean and potable water is less and less! The cause of the human hand, carelessness and negligence! However, it is necessary to charge you and even gets involved in protection and to legislate this area. Because, no punitive measures are obviously not gonna change anything! Jangkaan that due to the negligence of the water fight begins, and there is even a risk of meðudr ¾ state wars.
 More than two million children die annually due to lack of clean water and sanitation. It is about 5 000 of the life in the day. Awareness about the care and preservation of the most ¾ nijeg reusrsa is very low. Just 22nd March to remind the importance of water, or else it would be èiniti daily. One of the few who have contributed to an abundance of expression of the World Water Day, the students and teachers at several elementary schools in the area of TK. They are human! Èistili the river beds and lakes. Rivers and lakes have become a place where you will waste disposal, and the company you unfortunately do not take on water conservation and awareness to a higher level. Anything less is a reserve of water in the world. Afraid of the fact that the closer you imo a time when demand for water will exceed supply. The number of inhabitants on our planet increases rapidly, the need for more water and no ¾, and its quantities are not changing. 2025. The two-thirds of humanity osjetiæe serious water shortage.
 It is high time that the senses, and the water finally we start behaving like the treasure, without which no life you! (RTVTK)
 