France The French Republic (French: République française) is the second area, from Ukraine, the largest European country. In the north of the channel tunnel under La Manche (English Channel) is linked with Britain, the northeast border with Belgium and Luxembourg, in the east with Germany, Switzerland and Italy, and in the southwest with Spain and Andorra. Between Nice and the Italian border is an enclave of Monaco, and Nice is located southeast of the island of Corsica. French language, with many local dialects. Basque is spoken as a first language in the southwest, and Breton in Brittany. Many Frenchmen know the basics of English, especially those in major tourist regions. Area 545 630 km2 Population 60.5 million (2005) of Government of the Republic 1792.g. The capital of Paris, 12.2 million inhabitants (2.2 in the city, around 10 million) Religion 83% Catholic, Muslim (5%), Protestant and Jewish minorities.
 Voltage 220 V, 50Hz. Plugs with two connectors same time zone as Croatia. GMT + 1 (summer = GMT + 2) Climate Mostly cold winters and hot summers along the Mediterranean coast hot summers and mild winters. The climate varies from one region to another: alpine in the French Alps, continental in the east, ocean to the west. Currency Euro (€) = 100 cents. Banknotes for € 500, 200, 100, 50, 20, 10, 5 Coins are € 2, 1 and 50, 20, 10, 5, 2 and 1 cent. Travel Guide France annually visited by more than 70 million visitors the lead in the first place of tourist destinations. Paris, the capital, is the most visited city in Europe and other destinations in the country attracts tourists from many other reasons: the beaches in the south and west, ski centers and walks in the Alps, the Pyrenees .... navigation and sailing the Mediterranean and the Atlantic Ocean, Loire castles, historical sites in Normandy and Britain, the architecture throughout the country, vineyards, and French cuisine.
 There are no health warnings. We recommend that before the trip in more detail inform the web site of the World Health Organization (WHO). It is recommended to take health insurance. In a small number of animal rabies is present. If bitten, seek medical help. Vaccinations are not required. Telecommunications Telephone Country code for France: 33, and output from France to Croatia, 00 385 (+ area code without the 0 network, eg 1 - to Zagreb) + subscriber number. Telephone booths are working or on cards or coins. Phone cards can be purchased at post offices and tobacco shops / newspapers. Automatic pennies are also widely represented. International calls are cheaper on weekends and weekdays 19.00h - 08.00h. Telephones that can receive calls marked with a blue bell. Internet Internet cafés are available in most cities. Mobile phone signal coverage is excellent.
 The use of cell phones is prohibited at petrol stations. Important Numbers Public transport Public transport in France is excellent. All major cities have extensive bus system. Some cities have tram and trolleybus lines, and Paris and Marseilles and the subway. Ticket you need to cancel before the entrance to the subway or the tram and bus. Taxi prices daily and nightly rates are highlighted in all taxis. Luggage and drive to ports, airports and bus and train stations are charged separately. Taxis can not stop the organized attitudes or call the phone book. Food and drink, Chinese, French is the world&#39;s richest and most varied cuisines. Easy and delicious meals are served in a traditional decorated restaurants and bistros. A special experience is a &quot;gourmet&quot; style of serving food - haute cuisine, known and respected as a set of rules, rituals and taboos.
 Rarely performed in daily life due to high costs and requires a lot of time. Most restaurants offer two types of meals: more expensive a la carte (a wide choice of dishes) and le menu (a pre-selected course meal with a set price) with a selection of dishes from a la carte menu. Guest account will not be delivered until you ask, no matter how much time has passed. Many restaurants close for a month during the summer and one day a week. It is recommended to check the working hours of the restaurant, especially for Sunday. Generally speaking, it&#39;s time for lunch and dinner are strictly adhered to: Lunch is served from 12.00h to 13.30h, and dinner from 20.00h to 21.30h, in the larger cities and later. Wine is the most popular alcoholic drink in France. The waiter will be happy to recommend appropriate wine. Coffee is always served after meals, and always will be a black coffee in small cups, unless you ask for coffee with milk - café au lait (or café crème).
 Spirits were very strong, served in a double dose unless requested by a smaller measure, so it is recommended to consume more cautious, especially after a few glasses of wine. Post Office Working Hours Monday - Friday: 09.00h-19.00h, Saturday 09.00h-12.00h. Post offices in smaller towns and villages may be closed earlier, or at lunchtime. Main post office in Paris (Zip, 52 Rue du Louvre, Paris) is open 24 hours. Mail from France to Croatia to 2-3 days. Stamps can be bought at kiosks or at the post office. Bank Hours: Monday - Saturday: 09.00h-12.00h 14.00h-17.00h Shops Most shops are closed on Mondays or Monday afternoon. Money The national currency Euro (€) = 100 cents. Banknotes for € 500, 200, 100, 50, 20, 10, 5 Coins are € 2, 1 and 50, 20, 10, 5, 2 and 1 cent. Foreign Currency Money can be exchanged at banks or exchange offices (bureaux de change). The most accepted credit cards: American Express, Diners Club, MasterCard, Visa and Eurocard.
 Shops and hotels can not accept foreign currency. Enter the amount of domestic or foreign currency is unlimited. Amounts greater than 7600 EUR must be reported. Diplomatic missions to the Republic of France Konz. Department of the Croatian Embassy in the Republic of France 0033 1 5370 0287 0033 1 5370 8485 42, Rue de Lubeck 75 016 Paris FRANCE Official Site: http://other.franceguide.com/ Be sure to visit: Cathedral of Notre Dame Notre Dame is the most visited cathedrals in France. &quot;It&#39;s heavy as an elephant, and light as a butterfly&quot; (Anatole France). Work began 1163 years., Gothic style, very proportional. The facade is divided vertically into three columns of a horizontal galleries also in three parts. There are three portals, above the gallery with 28 statues of kings, rosette diameter of 10m with stained glass from the thirteenth century. Two unfinished tower with 16m high windows. Avenue des Champs Elysees in the nineteenth century became a popular meeting place.
 Grade numerous private palaces which are after I st. War replaced by luxury shops, restaurants, business areas. Avenue is 70m wide and most beautiful in the world. &quot; Arc de Triomphe (L&#39;Arc de Triomphe) City of Napoleon in honor of his great army. Is 50m high, 45m wide. It is decorated with statues of the most famous Fransua Reed. Erected Star (ETOILE). Surrounding the 12 major avenues and 12 inches. Francois Rid high relief in bronze made the Arc de Triomphe. The sculpture represents soldiers who are moving in a military campaign. Holy Chapel (Sainte Chapelle) was built in 1248th vol. by order of King Saint Louis. Associated with its rooms in the Palace of Justice (Palais de Justice). The peak of Gothic architecture. Lower Chapel, 7m high was available to all believers. Upper, the Royal Chapel is unique in the world of beautiful stained glass whose surface is 618m2. Conciergerie and the new bridge (Pont Neuf) Conciergerie is a building that belonged to the caretaker of the royal palace.
 The famous Salle des gendarmes, četvorobrodna 68m long, 27m wide and 18m high. Museum Le Musee D&#39;Orsay from whom they Ludvig 16th and Marie Antoinette executed on the guillotine. The new bridge was built 1604th vol. Paris&#39;s oldest bridge. The first stone bridge. Erected at the time of Henry IV, whose equestrian statue located in the vicinity. Pantheon was built in the eighteenth century, the combination of ease of Gothic and Greek luxury and beauty. Peristyle with 22 Corinthian columns, domes heavy 10.000t. 1885th vol. the Pantheon remains were transferred by Victor Hugo and is inscribed on the facade: &quot;Great people, grateful homeland&quot;. The Pantheon in rest: MIRABEAU, Marat, Voltaire, Rousseau, Hugo, Zola, Jaurès, shackle, MOULIN, Cassini, MARLAUX. Eiffel&#39;s Tower (Tour Eiffel), Paris, Hollywood, human ingenuity and creativity. The tower was built French engineer Gustave Eiffel with the intention of this is the way the biggest event of the great world exhibition in Paris. Closed for two years, 31.03.1889.
 vol. 320.75 m tall, weighing 9700t, first floor: 57m, second floor: 115m, third floor: 274m. By 1792 the top of the water bathing. Visibility from the top, about 70 km. Oscillates 12cm. 15cm height varies, depending on temperature. 16 000 visitors per day. It consists of 18 038 parts of iron and color every seventh year, and to be spent 40t color. Complex disability (Les Invalides) Style French classicism. Built upon the decision of Louis XIV, is intended to war invalids. Today the church rests in the sarcophagus of Napoleon I from red to green porphyry granite pedestal. It is surrounded by 12 statues that mark the victory of the imperial campaigns. 107m high gilded dome. The complex is very rich in a military museum. Louvre Style: French classicism. Louvre Palace began at the end of XII century. Many rulers during the next century, erected and unchanged. It was a palace, a late seventeenth century Versailles was replaced while the Louvre into a museum.
 Very rich museum collections are divided into 6 sections: Egyptian, Oriental, Greek and Roman antiquities, paintings, sculptures, art objects. Mona Lisa This is a portrait of Giocondo, wife of Count Gioconda (at least so interpreted until recently) that he was approached by posing 4 yrs. along with music and reading. Portrait of a at the time, and it is high time, the late Renaissance was extremely unusual, considering that it is a 3 / 4 portrait-this means is seen her face, head, bust and arms, but not the whole figure, although it is clear that the model sits. There are some interpretations that Leonardo actually in this portrait shows something changed your own character (can be compared with his portrait in old age with its head and beard hair, made a silver pen). Opera Garnier was built 1860th vol. Harmonizing the different styles and materials have created a new style: Napoleon III. The grandest and most original buildings of XIX century. Hill above Paris.
 Becoming popular during the nineteenth century, when many Parisians come here looking for a rural atmosphere with vineyards and mills. There Upper Mont Martre, who was at the beginning of the twentieth century was a meeting place for artists (Renoir, Picasso, APPOLINAIRE). Place du Tertre, the old village square, a center of artistic and Mont-Martre. At the top of the hill was built in 1910. vol. Basilica Basilique du Sacre Coeur. The huge white church, bell tower 84m high, hard bell 18t. The interior is decorated with mosaics of 500m2. Lower Mont Martre known for its wild nightlife, MOULIN ROUGE, the center of the French Cancan-a. Large Versailles castle of the French king Louis XIV, near Paris. Father of Louis XIV, Louis XIII was the site of the castle first built pavilions in which he stayed during the hunt. Louis XIV decided to build the castle of enormous dimensions. 1682nd vol. in court when he moves on with another 10,000 people. The luxury of this palace is in full compliance with the rise of his own personality the size of this nadutog French king for whom they have bound the two famous sayings: &quot;The State, that&#39;s me&quot; and &quot;After me the flood&quot;.
 In the eighteenth century the castle was converted into a museum.
 