And those that were valid 13-hour bus ride to find the jewel of ancient Persia, one of the most beautiful cities in the Islamic world - Esfahan. Such attractions make it blue and turquoise mosaic of numerous mosques, bazaar without end, an ancient elegant bridges, open people ... I do not believe that the Imam&#39;s second largest square in the world, but it is definitely unique and fabulous, with its two mosques - the Imam Mosque, Sheikh Lotfollaha, and the palace of Ali Qapu. Shah Abbas I of Safavid dynasty in the 16th century raised the Esfahan otjeravši Mongols, and Ottomans, and enabled the creation of artistic and architectural wonders. Glory lasted only a hundred years but he had a vision, strength and spirit of the city, which remained until today. From that time the famous rhyme &quot;Esfahan nesf-e jahan&quot; or &quot;Esfahan is half of the world.&quot; Square is also alive and relaxed with many people in his grass, water and stone parts enjoy well into the night with the splendor of harmonious colors and shapes.
 The man is truly a magnificent feeling of summing up in itself the beauty and inspiration from ancient times. Romantic bridges also bring together people around them and they spend time outdoors, secretly meets the eyes, arms, hugging in the distance. Multiple arcs are particularly intriguing at night when people light their flame gives a touch of seductiveness obviously too present in the daily limits to strict rules. And parks are important places of social life. On grass, the man closer to nature, but also to one another. Food is passed, sometimes cooked on the spot, they are all very calm and has no negative vibration. We are often called to him, mainly because they accept us and to them very happy. One evening we were and we tried out for the event &quot;Iran&#39;s picnic.&quot; In the absence of food in your pot (as in the absence of a pot, fire, etc.), we went to a nearby fast-food kebab, bought several falafela, 2 rolls and plenty of salads - all, oddly enough, for half a dollar and you took eat at your piece of grass overlooking the Si-o-Seh Bridge.
 In order to be able to quickly get used to! Only that the cure may lie a bit casual on the grass, he wished Zzz. Esfahan is remarkable about the architecture attracts many of the Iranians and all the visitors to Iran. Here are the usual party, and the whole atmosphere seems a bit more open with more flexible social attitudes than what we experienced in Tabriz. People are aware of these advantages and enchanted by their own city, the relaxed, carefree, and it seems a little happier. Nashbe is pure farce communicate with us, gave us smiles and nectarines. Gladly agreed to take pictures with us, but it is not quite like her husband. We were sorry to see that the weight of the public on women in the world inside themselves. Sareh is pure laughter. From Tehran, currently on holiday in Esfahan, and already has two years to graduate in Zurich. A young highly educated Iranian woman who expresses freely, joking in public, radiating life, it is his.
 I think Iran will be even more Sareh. Although it would be very difficult since the country already known for the highest brain drain. Exceptional quality of young people go to school in Europe, USA and Canada, there are more good jobs and to go back. Currently over 4 million Iranians live outside Iran. Manar Jomban - swaying minarets (who just might be a little more swing) can be found on the tomb of dervishes in the 14th century. When a person leans heavily on the wall of a minaret, minarets are really starting to wobble, and that is interesting and the second minaret then begins to oscillate in the same rhythm. Spontaneous draw attention to yourself, so people prefer to paint with us. Who here is actually a sight! There I was from a man who attends OPEC conferences and heard what most assumed that the cause of the rise in oil prices is too small production, but it is an artificial lift prices because of speculative profits by buying and selling, and the distortion of the image of countries that are resisting foreign domination .
 &quot;Iran is a powerful country that might be showing too much aggression, but who wants to maintain independence. I can not be compared with Iraq or Afghanistan. All in the Persian Gulf will sink if Iran tries to capture. &quot; Very actually sounded these words. Inside the Iran situation is quite different. One evening we were walking late at night darkness Armenian quarters in the street ate pomegranate jam, feel free to discuss, Zzz hummed, even the Canon SLR was visible. We have not had any problems. Someone told us that Iran is not so sure that a man could walk the city with $ 10,000 in hand, and that he occupies is not even a hair from his head, nor a dollar out of hand. This creates peace of mind for a relaxing yet very few passengers. We feel completely safe. Keeps us good spirit Esfahan.
 