(2) Outdated estimates. Last census was in 1932. A more likely figure is slightly below 5 million, (3) Piasteri have long out of use. According to the CNB, the lira is actually called the pound, but it is inaccurate name. Lebanon, officially the Lebanese Republic is a country in southwest Asia, the Middle East. It is located on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean, bordered to the north and east with Syria, and on the south by Israel. Lebanon names and Switzerland of the Middle East. [1] Contents [edit] Geography of the Earth consists of several regions that are provided in parallel with the coast: the narrow coastal plain that extends around the towns of Tripoli, Beirut and Tyre (Sur), the karst mountain range of Lebanon by which the country is named (the highest point Qurnat as-Sawda &#39;3088 m), Bekaa Valley, and in the hinterland of limestone mountains Anti-Lebanon (2659 m) which forms the border with Syria. [Edit] History Area today with Lebanon&#39;s tumultuous history.
 There have replaced Babylon, tasirska, Egypt, hetitiska, Persian, Roman and bizanstka empire. The area of present-day Lebanon was seen by the Macedonian, Arabic, and finally conquering crusader. In Lebanon the remains of all these cultures. However, the most lasting influence they had the Arab conquest, so prevalent in Lebanon Arabic cultures. Moreover, in today&#39;s Lebanon established the Phoenician states, whose culture still partly held in modern Lebanon. It is the Phoenician states what is historically and geographically separates Lebanon from the rest of the region. Phoenician state was composed of relatively independent city states, like in Greece, and fell to the conquest of Alexander the Great. Since the beginning of the 15th century until the end of World War Lebanon was part of the Ottoman Empire. For the 17-th century the local leaders in the Lebanese mountains had practical independence from the Ottoman Empire, but several major attempts to revolt was crushed.
 Under pressure from Western Port in the second half of the 19th century (1861.) given autonomy in Lebanon, which then seemed the most Christian Maronite population. After the collapse of the Empire League of Nations awarded France Lebanon as a mandate territory. Today&#39;s political system and quotas for some countries religious-ethnic groups in government come from that era and are an attempt to reduce tensions between religious communities in the country. Supreme Council of the League of Nations created two separate French mandates - Lebanon and Syria. [2] 1 SEP-1920. established the Great Lebanon. [3] General Gouradoua expelled (July 1920). Fajsala king. [4] It was one of the unsuccessful attempt of the United Kingdom of Syria, ruled by the Iraqi king Fajsala (which is supposed to gather Syria, Lebanon and Palestine). [5] The first constitution was adopted under the French mandate 23rd svibnja 1926th year. According to the Census, Lebanon in 1932.
 had 793 000 inhabitants. After the Second World War Lebanon became an independent republic. The consequence of the war of 1948. 100.000 becomes settling Palestinians in Lebanon. In 1960-a country experiencing an economic expansion with a strong financial sector and tourism centered in Beirut. When you attempt to take power plate in Jordan failed, Egypt was &quot;persuaded&quot; to accept Lebanon vrhušku Palestinians in their country and that a full management rights over 300 000 Palestinians in Lebanon, creating a state within a state. These demographic changes will lead to demands for changing the constitution which provides that the president must be Christian. Civil war in Lebanon began 1975th year, although the ground was prepared years ago. Sensitive inter-ethnic balance is violated in a 70-after the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) moved its headquarters to Lebanon. Since 1975. to 1990. [6] took a civil war in which they participated Islamic and Christian factions (the most significant were the Christian Falange, and palenstinski PLO and Druze) occasionally assisted neighbors Syria and Israel that will 1982nd
 The attack Lebanon using the Palestinians as an excuse for invasion. Of course, the real aims of the invasion and occupation of the abduction of a water source. Since entering the Jewish army began a resistance movement that makes a Jewish army to withdraw, the so-called first. security zone in 2000. and almost the entire territory. Very soon, Hezbollah takes lead in the resistance movement. During the occupation, the Jewish army committed many massacres, of which one is the worst in the Sabra and Shatili (1600-1700 civilians). The Civil War ended in an agreement by which all war leaders agreed to hand in their weapons and thus re-establish police and military (except Hezbollah, which was during the civil war was focused on the fight against the occupation). In 90-by-established political stability and the state began to rebuild under the leadership of Prime Minister Harririja later murdered. Skirmishes with the Israeli army continued to retreat 2000th, and the hottest was the 1996th
 Syrian army from Lebanon came 2006th, after mass demonstrations. More detailed article: The Israeli-Lebanese war 2006th 12th July 2006. started a new Israeli-Lebanese conflict, after Hezbollah fell in the still occupied part of southern Lebanon that killed eight and captured two Israeli soldiers. Unable to make any military success, Israel began the destruction of the Lebanese public facilities and indiscriminate bombing of civilians. In just 33 days of the war Israel will destroy the 640 km road, 73 bridges, the Beirut international airport, power plants, water treatment plants, 900 stores and shopping centers, 350 schools and 15.000 houses. But, will experience a real military defeat, especially the last days of the war. The next big trial rocked Lebanon in the late spring and summer of 2007. Sunni extremists from Saudi Arabia have set up base in palenstinskom refugee camp Nahr al-Bared in northern Lebanon, and began to loot and attack the Lebanese army.
 Fighting with militants in the camp lasted 3 months, with many innocent Palestinian victims. Foreign involvement escalated through 2007th many political assassinations, and especially in the fifth month was 2008th when they are used to draw hostility from the civil war. However, the joint action of the army, police and Hezbollah, a civil war was prevented. With the mediation of the Gulf emir, military leaders are once again reconciled, and to elect a president. The last elections were held in summer 2009. After višemječnog wrangling, formed the government of national unity. [Edit] The population of Lebanon is a religiously highly heterogeneous, while almost all of Arab origin, with some 200-300000 Armenians. The question of respective religions and peoples in the population is politically sensitive, so the official census has not been since 1932. It is assumed that most Arabs are Muslims, and Christians are the most important among the Maronites, are associated with the Catholic Church, but with its own patriarch and liturgy.
 Many are Druze, whose religion is Islam, and close to themselves as Arabs. In the past half century, many Lebanese, particularly Christians, emigrated to Western countries. Among Muslims, the most numerous are the Sunnis and Shiites, but the north has a lesser-known religious groups. In Lebanon, there are six p.m. religious groups, with no apparent majority group. [7] [edit] The economy&#39;s service sector (finance and tourism) is traditionally played the largest role in the Lebanese economy. In addition, Lebanon produces food, which the Bekaa Valley, as in the marine zone (citrus fruits, cacti, bananas). The country has a policy of economic opening up to overseas, but the burden on the budget deficits, high external debt and unemployment. GDP in 2003. was $ 4,800 per capita measured in PPP. [Edit] Provinces of Lebanon is divided into 6 guvernatorata (provinces) in which the 25 districts. Head of the Province Governor (استاندار: ostāndār).
 [Edit] References [edit] Sources v • d • League of Arab States Algeria • Bahrain • Djibouti • Egypt • Iraq • Jordan • Yemen • Qatar • Comoros • Kuwait • Lebanon • Libya • Morocco • Mauritania • Oman • Palestine • Saudi Arabia • Somalia • United Arab Emirates • Sudan • Syria • Tunisia v • d • Countries in Asia Independent States Afghanistan • Armenia • Azerbaijan • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Bhutan • Brunei • Cyprus • Egypt • Philippines • Gruzija1) • India • Indonezija2) • Iraq • Iran • East Timor2) • Israel • Japan • Jordan • Yemen • South Korea • Cambodia • Qatar • Kazahstan1) • China • Kyrgyzstan • Kuwait • Laos • Lebanon • Malaysia • Maldives • Mongolia • Myanmar • Nepal • Oman • Pakistan • Rusija1 ) • Saudi Arabia • Singapore • Syria • North Korea • Sri Lanka • Tajikistan • Thailand • Turkmenistan • Turska1) • United Arab Emirates • Uzbekistan • Vietnam Other territory of Hong Kong (PRC PUR) • Macao (PUR PRC) Unrecognised States Abkhazia • Nagorno-Karabakh • South Ossetia • Gaza Strip and West Bank • Taiwan • Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus 1) Mostly in Europe.
  