2izvan use Somalia is a country in East Africa in the region of the known as the &quot;Horn of Africa&quot; on the Indian Ocean. On the northwest border with Djibouti, on the west by Ethiopia and Kenya. Somalia is one of the few areas of the world without an organized government. Contents [edit] Geography of Somalia&#39;s coast to 2720 km is the longest on the African continent. The northern part of the country is mountainous with altitudes from 1000 to 2000 m (Somali Plateau) and central and southern areas are flat with an average height below 200 m. Rivers Juba and themselves originate in Ethiopia and flow south into the Indian Ocean, but it Shebelle is not attained, except in the rainy period. The climate is characterized by high temperatures throughout the year, seasonal monsoons and irregular distribution of rainfall with frequent periods of drought. The mean daily maximum temperature from 30 to 40 ° C, except on the hills and along the east coast. The mean daily minimum ranges between 15 and 30 ° C.
 [Edit] History The present Somalia in the colonial period was divided between Great Britain which held the northern part of Italy and in whose possession was the rest. British Somaliland became independent second lipnja 1960th, the first July both are part of the unified independent Somalia. The first president of independent Somalia was Aden Abdullah Osman Daar. The first years after independence was marked by a struggle for the unification of the area inhabited by the Somali ethnic group in neighboring Kenya and Ethiopia with the mother, which led to deteriorating relations with its neighbors and Western countries and approaching the Soviet Union. After a chaotic election 1969th and political crisis that followed the Government took over the military coup Gen. Mohamed Siad Barre.Uveo is highly repressive military dictatorship. He&#39;s proclaimed policy of &quot;scientific socialism&quot; and strengthen ties with the Soviets and the Arab countries. Soviet expansionism dropped his support after the Socialists came to power in Ethiopia Mengistua so that the 1978th
 regained all the lost territories. Soon Somalia came under rebel groups with bases in Ethiopia, and 1988th, after signing an agreement under which the Somali neighbors pledged to help end the insurgency, they have moved into the Somalia and there began a civil war which, with minor interruptions, until today. 1991. The northern section, the former British Somaliland, declared independence of managing, although internationally unrecognized, maintain relative stability. The rest of Somalia was plunged into chaos and struggle of some well-armed clans and military leaders. American and European peacekeeping forces after the invasion 1993rd and unbearably heavy losses had to withdraw. Attempts at establishing a new government remained without success. Since the overthrow of Barre 1991st year, there was no peace in Somalia. [Edit] Population For African country Somalia is unusually ethnically homogeneous, as much as 85% of the population are ethnic Somalis who are, however, divided into many clans, the historically conflicted over scarce natural resources.
  2) Includes the dependencies of Ascension Island and Tristan da Cunha. v • d • Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC) Afghanistan • Albania • Algeria • Azerbaijan • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Benin • Ivory Coast • Burkina Faso • Brunei • Chad • Djibouti • Egypt • Gabon • Gambia • Guinea • Guinea Bissau • Guyana • Indonesia • Iran • Iraq • Jordan • Yemen • Cameroon • Qatar • Kazakhstan • Kyrgyzstan • Comoros • Kuwait • Lebanon • Libya • Maldives • Malaysia • Mali • Mauritania • Morocco • Mozambique • Niger • Nigeria • Oman • Pakistan • Palestine • Saudi Arabia • Senegal • Sierra Leone • Somalia • Sudan • Surinam • Syria • Tajikistan • Turkey • Tunisia • Togo • Turkmenistan • Uganda • Uzbekistan • United Arab Emirates Countries with observer status with Bosnia and Herzegovina • Central African Republic • Russia • Thailand • Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Muslim organizations with observer status Moroska National Liberation Front International organizations with observer status with the Organization for Economic Cooperation • • African Union Arab League Non-Aligned Movement • United Nations • Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Somalija&quot; Category: Somalia
 