John Boehner Republican leaders in the U.S. Congress on Wednesday, after a record-breaking victory in the elections and winning a majority in the House of Representatives, announced a &quot;reduction in public spending and job creation&quot; as its main priorities. &quot;Time to Roll up your sleeves and get an up work on what the priorities of the people - to create jobs, reduce spending and reform the way Congress works,&quot; said John Boehner, the current leader of the Republicans in the House of Representatives that the new structure will probably be its president. Opposition Republicans achieved a record victory in the elections on Tuesday, winning 239 seats in the House of Representatives, 62 more than now, the 185 Democratic. In the elections for one third of the Senate Republicans have won six new seats, coming to 46, while the Democrats kept a minimum majority of 51 places. The three Senate and 11 races for the House of Representatives has no winner, because equivalent results, so in some follow recount the votes.
 Republicans have won, and 10 new sites guvernerskih and noted successes across the United States in elections for legislative bodies of the states. Boehner said that it was last night named President Barack Obama, and they were talking about &quot;working together on the priorities of the American people,&quot; expressing the hope that he will be ready to cooperate with the Republican majority that would be the &quot;voice of the American people.&quot; &quot;We will continue to renew our efforts to smaller and cheaper government in Washington,&quot; Boehner said. He stressed that he sees no problem in including members of the conservative movement Tea Party to jointly carry out the Republican program in Congress. The leader of the Republican minority in the Senate, Mitch McConnell said that &quot;the elections did not bring the full transition of government in the hands of the opposition, but the first step toward changing her work,&quot; announced further changes to the election 2012th Said that the Democrats need to achieve &quot;a bipartisan agreement&quot; in order to make decisions in the Senate, adding that he hopes the agreement will be on &quot;issues of consumption and debt.&quot;
 McConnell on the eve of elections said the main task of the Republicans in Congress will be to ensure that Obama be president in just one term. Republicans have announced that their main task in the Congress to be also recall Obama&#39;s legislation on health care reform, and reform laws and other financial sector deregulation and tax cuts and extension of tax relief for all citizens, including the richest. The election results have brought change to the balance of power and power sharing, in which the Democrats control the Senate and the White House and Republicans the House of Representatives. This division threatens to arrest in the legislative process, as it was recorded 1994th, when the Republicans after a similar landslide victory in elections, a long block funding under President Bill Clinton. In exit polls, 38 percent of voters said they voted against the first of Obama and Democrats, which confirmed that the elections were a referendum on the administration&#39;s policy.
 Extremely high expectations of change that Obama promises is not achieved and the Democrats paid the price. Poor recovery of the economy and high unemployment were the main concern for almost two thirds of voters (62 percent), according to exit polls, and even 86 percent said that the economic situation &quot;not well&quot; or &quot;bad&quot;. Political analysts that the decision of voters to force Obama to abandon its ambitious program to find a measure of cooperation and confrontation with Republicans, to defend their legislative achievements, it has retained the authority to avoid defeat in the elections 2012th
 