At the meeting of the Community to improve the intellectual capital of CCC on 30 June at the Croatian Chamber of Commerce president of the Community was re-elected, PhD. Klaudio Tominović, Polytechnics Pula - High technical and business schools accredited in Pula, a vice president for mr. sc. Iva Ćulumović Županović, HT dd, Zagreb. Communities to improve the intellectual capital CCC was established among the first in the world and has significantly contributed to the promotion of methods of measuring the efficiency of intellectual capital. It is particularly significant effectiveness of human capital on which we now teach young professionals. Effect ZUIKO and will go towards making the movement of intellectual capital in Croatia, and by promoting awareness about the importance of human and intellectual capital in the economy to the activation of this capital in Croatia. Prof. PhD. Monograph talked about the efficiency of intellectual capital at the national and county level and town level and the company in 2009.
 year. The overall results of operations of the Croatian economy is more or less known, a decrease in value added eight percent decline in the efficiency of employees by six percent. So, after a long period of steady growth created value added of the economy has fallen to levels in 2006. year. Deterioration in the economy could be sensed early as 2007. , when there is a significant decline in the value creation dynamics. It was created 10 percent more than last year, but the 2006th This growth was 15 percent. Decreasing tendency of the natavlja and 2008. , when the increase amounts to only five per cent the previous year. This analysis shows that the negative trends and the value creation and productivity observed at early as 2007. year and that it was able to take timely actions reduce the impact of the crisis primarily on saving jobs. Year 2009. created eight percent less value than the previous year.
 The only two counties in which the economy has created more value are Karlovac and Pozega-Slavonia, and all other counties are in the red. The biggest downside, 30 percent reported Nelson County, followed by the Dubrovnik-Neretva County and Vukovar-Sirmium, both above 20 percent. Exactly nine counties found in the range of 20 to 10 percent of the value created by the fall. For the first time this analysis enrich another data, we calculated how much the value created per capita in each county and city of Zagreb, said the professor. PhD. Monograph. The Croatian economy per capita in 2009. Euro 4318 has created added value. More than the average have been created in the city of Zagreb, 12 883 euros, and in Istria 5322 euros. In all other counties were created per capita of less value than the national average. The minimum value per capita is created in the Vukovar-Sirmium and Virovitica-Podravina and in Sisak-Moslavina.
 Prof. PhD. Monograph presented a draft amendment of the Programme of economic recovery which the Government announced in April 2010. Of particular importance is the increased efficiency of 40 major state-owned companies. These companies account for about 11 percent of the total value created by the Croatian economy, and efficiency of their business is about 20 percent lower than the average of the entire Croatian economy. It is therefore necessary to increase their productivity, which includes inter alia the managers, and other employees. Mladen Turuk from the Center for Intellectual Capital, presented the specialist professional graduate study, &quot;Knowledge Management&quot;. The study began in autumn 2010. in the study of Creative Management in the processes that are currently attending a second-generation students. Both studies take place within the Polytechnics Pula.
 