Dinar is the currency of the former Yugoslavia, and now pennies Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (YUN) and Macedonia (penny, MKD), and several Arab countries: Algeria (DZD), Bahrain (BHD), Iraq (IQD), Jordan (JOD) Kuwait ( KWD), Libya (LYD), Sudan (SDD) and Tunisia (TND). The monetary breakdown Yugoslavia in 1991. Croatian was introduced as a temporary cash Croatian Dinar (HRD), which is 30 V. 1994th replaced by a constant currency unit of the Croatian Kuna. Links: monetary unit kuna dinar Serbian dinar Yugoslav dinar dirham dirham is the currency of Morocco (MAD) and the United Arab Emirates (AED). Links: Arab monetary units yen Dirham Moroccan Dirham United Baht dirham Moroccan dirham emirates arab emirates dinar dirham dirhams dirhams Dirhams Philippine peso currency dirham fils Good Good (U.S. property) is the monetary unit Sao Tome and Principe (STD), is divided into 100 senti . Links: monetary unit of good good good good night nk lyrics good good fairy good English Croatian dollars (U.S.
 dollar) is the currency of the United States (USD) and a number of countries and territories: Antigua and Barbuda (East Caribbean dollar XCD), Australia (AUD) Bahamas (BSD) Barbados (BBD) Belize (BZD), Brunei (BND ), Dominica (XCD), Fiji (FJD), Grenada (XCD), Guyana (GYD) Hong Kong (HKD), Jamaica (JMD), Canada (CAD), Kiribati (AUD), Liberia (LRD), Micronesia (USD ), Namibia (NAD) New Zealand (NZD), Palau (USD), Puerto Rico (USD), Singapore (SGD), Solomon Islands (SBD), Saint Lucia (XCD) Saint Kristifor and Nevis (XCD) Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (XCD), Taiwan (TWD), Trinidad and Tobago (TTD) and Zimbabwe (ZWD). The U.S. dollar is the monetary unit of the United States from 1786, one of the world&#39;s reserve currency. It is divided into 100 cents Links: monetary unit of the American dollar dollar dollar exchange rates 1 U.S. dollar banknote dollars CNB cents U.S. dollars 2009 Dong Dong (VND) is the monetary unit of Vietnam, is divided into 10 and 100 Saua hoa.
 Links: monetary unit of Vietnam dong ding dong Vietnamese dong Drahma drachma (GRD) Greece&#39;s monetary unit, divided into 100 lepton. Links: monetary unit of the Greek drachma lepton Dram Dram (AMD) is the monetary unit of Armenia, is divided into 100 luma. Links: monetary unit dram Wikipedia luma AMD Armenian dram Armenian dram Pula (BWP) is pennies of Botswana, is divided into 100 Thebe. Links: pula research unit cash CroMaps 100 pula pula Tourist Board map of Pula BWP brijuni history Botswana Pula Amphitheatre Pula Istria Naira Naira (NGN) is the monetary unit of Nigeria is divided into 100 sausages. Links: monetary unit of Nigeria Nigerian Naira Naira Naira Ngultrum yen Ngultrum (BTN) is the currency of Bhutan, is divided into 100 četruma. Links: monetary unit btn butane Ngultrum Metikal Metikal (MZM) is the currency of Mozambique, is divided into 100 sentava.
 Links: monetary unit sentava metikal mozmabika Manat Manat is pennies Azerbaijan (AZM) and Turkmenistan (TMM). Links: currency unit of Turkmenistan Manat Azerbaijan Gulden Gulden (U.S. guilder, German. Gulden) was pennies Netherlands (NLG) and Suriname (SRG) is divided into 100 cents. Links: monetary unit of the Dutch guilder Gurd Gurd (HTG) is a monetary unit in Haiti, is divided into 100 centimes. Links: Haitian monetary unit Gurd Gvarini Gvarini (PYG) is the monetary unit of Paraguay, is divided into 100 senti. Links: monetary unit of Paraguay gvarini forint forint (Forint, HUF), Hungary&#39;s monetary unit, divided into 100 filira. Links: monetary unit Hungarian forint exchange forint forint exchange rate dinar banknotes Hungarian forint forint currency Hungarian forint forint Hungarian Forint wiki wikipedia Hungarian forint pound pound (U.S.
 pound, germ. Pfund) is the monetary unit of Great Britain (GBP), Cyprus (CYP) Egypt (EGP), Ireland (IEP), Lebanon (LBP), Sudan and Syria (SYP), British pound (pound sterling, pound sterling) is the oldest time English or British pennies. Leading the currency by the end of World War II, when it gradually starts to displace the U.S. dollar, that it is completely replaced as the leading currencies after World War II. World War II. It is divided into 100 pence. Links: unit of currency exchange rate of 1 Pound Sterling Pound GBP UK Pound Sterling wiki escudo escudo (escudo port.) is the monetary unit of Portugal (PTE) and Cape Verde (CVE). It is divided into 100 sentava. Links: monetary unit sentav Cape Verde Escudo CVE pte portugal Euro Euro (EUR) is the currency of the European Union, whose implementation started on 1 I 1999th and should be completed in early 2002. European System of Central Banks (ESCB) should be no later than 1
 I. 2002nd let banknotes and coins in circulation, but not later than six months from that date should be completed by the process of replacing national currencies to the euro. Links: unit of currency is the euro cash currency ESCB Euro coins Euro banknotes Euro banknotes estate european football european euros ECB Euro Euro Euro 2010 football Lev Lev (BGL) is the monetary unit of Bulgaria is divided into 100 hundred. Links: monetary unit BGL Bulgarian lev hundred Leone Leone (SLL) is the monetary unit of Sierra Leone, is divided into 100 cents. Links: Sierra Leone monetary unit cents Lek Lek (ALL) is the monetary unit of Albania is divided into 100 ćintara. Links: monetary unit ćintara all Albanian Lek Lempira Lempira (HNL) is the currency of Honduras, is divided into 100 sentava. Links: monetary unit of Puerto Lempira HNL Honduras Lempira Lempira Lempira dollar usd dollars lempiras Gracias Lempira Lej Lej the pennies Moldova (MDL) and Romania (ROL), is divided into 100 Bani.
 Links: Moldovan monetary unit rol Romanian leu banija mdl Lats Lats (lul) is the monetary unit of Latvia (Latvia), divided into 100 Santims. Links: monetary unit Santims lul Latvia Latvian lats Loti Loti (LSL) is the monetary unit of Lesotho, is divided into 100 senta. Links: monetary unit of Lesotho loti Litas Litas (LTL) is the monetary unit of Lithuania, is divided into 100 centasa. Links: monetary unit of Lithuania litas Lira Lira is the currency of Italy (ITL), Malta (MTL), San Marino (ITL), Turkey (TRL) and the Vatican (ITL). The Italian lira has been in circulation since 1859, is divided into 100 čentizima (centisimo). Links: Wikipedia monetary unit mtl lira lira lira Italian Property instrument lira constellation itl Malta Lilangeni Lilangeni (SZL) Swaziland&#39;s currency, divided into 100 cents. Links: szl monetary unit Swaziland liangeni Karbovanec Karbovanec (U.S. karbovanet) is the monetary unit of Ukraine (UAK), divided into 100 krivni.
 Links: monetary unit krivni UAK karbovanec Ukraine Kjat Kjat (MMK) is the currency of Myanmar (Burma), is divided into 100 pjasa. Links: monetary unit MMK Myanmar Burma kjat Kip Kip (LAK) is the currency of Laos, is divided into 100 ata. Links: monetary unit easy laos statue of China (U.S. theater) is a monetary unit of Papua New Guinea (PGK), divided into 100 Toes. Links: monetary unit of China PGK Papua New Guinea Investment Investment (U.S. investment, Ger. Kapitalanlage) in a broader sense of material, immaterial and monetary investments for current operations, development and expansion of economic units. In a narrow sense, it is a cash investment in fixed assets. Investments are classified as gross fixed capital formation involving a total investment in the basic (and non-commercial) facilities and working capital, new investment that is gross investment minus depreciation consumed, and net investment that is gross investment minus charged (not means and consumed) depreciation.
 Links: Business investment unit investment material monetary economic Kolon Kolon (U.S. colon) is the monetary unit of Costa Rica (CRC) and Salvador (SVC). Links: monetary unit of Costa Rica CRC SVC El Salvador colon Why choose WMD? WMD Super Fast Support 24/7/365 Fast and quality servers FREE 6 months hosting free domain ANTI SPAM protection anti virus protection Web Gift Billboard 1000kn SEO reports on the search engine Free Video Instruction Warranty Refund Croatian Affiliate Program WMD have been chosen .. . Istra.hr EPH Inc. T-Mobile Croatia SPORTS NEWS Morning newspaper Slobodna Dalmacija MENSA Society for Consumer Protection National Geographic Junior OMV - INDOIL doo High School of International Relations Society of Croatian Writers sportin.ba HDK - Croatian Society for Quality Agency - Mobility, EU programs TIE - Potomac ZVEČEVO DD Association for Consumer Protection KLETT - Publishing house ADRIATIC INSURANCE INC.
 CASIO - Croatia CROATIAN SPORTS ASSOCIATION Trades Association BBC SOCIETY Quotes The Office of the Civil Service BBC Croatian Tennis Association of Veterans of Big Mama House Agrogrom Sloga dd Firma.hr Spider Group Ltd. The factory springs ESCO Vodotehna NHR GROUP LTD Wood Industry &quot;ČAZMA&quot; Market Bjelovar Crier Media Group Ltd. Business Park Bjelovar Bjelovar Komunalac Youth sports games HEDERA.HR - Dr. Sasa Radic Kudumija tents Proven group People quotes VECTOR TUNING - HOTEL CENTRAL Croatia - Zagreb HOTEL VALSABBION Universal Telecommunications Parquet Sabljo Centre for Development of Inland Navigation Croatian Society for Quality Radio BBR Bjelovar Koestlin dd Troha Dil Ltd. and many others ... Payment Options: 1 Virmani second Net Banking (online banking) 3 4th payment slip Credit card Return to Top WMD Web Web hosting, Web space, Domain, CMS web design, Internet marketing glossary of financial terms Unit SITE MAP | RSS 2.0
 