President of the Republic Ivo Josipovic arrived in Moscow where at the invitation of Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, along with many world statesmen today attended the celebration of Victory over Fascism and the 65-anniversary of Russian victory in the Great Patriotic War. The airport is a port of the President Josipovic, consulting with the delegation, and former President Stjepan Mesic, welcomed the Special Envoy of the President of the Russian Federation for the Central Federal District Georgy Poldachenko otherwise influence a close associate of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. Russian national leadership gave particular attention to two Croatian president who sat in počasnoj lodge on the Red Square together with Medvedev, Putin, Angela Merkel and other statesmen during the recently completed military parade in Moscow&#39;s Red Square, to commemorate the Day of Victory in WWII . Apart from the host Medvedev, announced Josipovićevih several bilateral meetings with Azerbaijani, Kazakh and Israeli heads of state.
 Croatian president has given several interviews to Russian media, which were all concluded that there has been a rapprochement of Russia and the Croatian and that Croatia has a special place in the Russian approach to the region of former Yugoslavia. For a warming of relations between the two states, evaluate the Russian diplomats, largely credited with the departure of former Croatian Prime Minister Ivo Sanader. An unusually hot summer days, Moscow has been marked by all major parties. So Vladimir Putin before the Russian war veterans officially revealed a new monument to Russian cities with the title of military glory. President Medvedev, among other things met with Polish President to the provisional Bronislaw Komorowski, and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin with Chinese leader Hu Jintao. Held a meeting of Heads of State and the Commonwealth of Independent States and the former Soviet Union, including Russia again strengthens its influence. The role of dictator Josef Stalin in the victory over fascism, and even the appearance of his small poster at the discretion of the Moscow city has caused controversy and condemnation of human rights.
 Stalin, Putin is not much inclined to speak about it, but President Dmitry Medvedev sharply in recent days publicly denounced Stalin&#39;s regime as totalitarian, and his crimes against his own people as unforgivable. The Russians obviously attach great attention-Day victory on the main tv channels are spinning new and old Russian war movies, store concerts and fireworks, and only for the rastjeravanje clouds over Moscow was paid one million euros. Otherwise, the cost of the entire celebration officially amount to about one billion euros, and unofficially reaching three times more. Reinvigorated Russia wants to show up in the best light. Moscow Denis Krnic, AFP and NATO in a parade for the first time since the parade is organized, marched, and the soldiers of NATO member countries and Great Britain, France, Polish and U.S.. - Lessons of World War II invited us to show solidarity. Evil is amplified if it pulls in front of him and if you pretend that you do not notice - said Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
 sd
 