Robotic submersibles laid the continuation in the shape of the dome to cut off pipeline Deepwater Horizon wells in the Gulf of Mexico. Hose connected to the tanker on the surface, where they are supposed to draw the oil is already 46 days expire from the well. A new attempt to British Petroleum to stop leakage of oil from wells. Although the dome is set, oil and gas and still running. BP engineers are trying to set the seal on the dome of the tube, the CNN reported. Over the next 12-24 hours we will be an indicator of how successful was this effort, &quot;said CEO of BP&#39;s Tony Hayward. U.S. President Barack Obama today will again visit Louisiana, where 240 kilometers of coastline polluted by oil and where the situation worse because it brings more dense layers of oil to the coast. Biden dismissed criticism about the slowness of U.S. Vice President Joe Biden dismissed the notion that the Obama Administration is not fast enough to adequately respond to oil spills from wells in the Gulf of Mexico by British Petroleum Corporation for 45 days fails to close.
 We were there the first day, first morning after he blew up wells, and the platform sank. President Barack Obama has mobilized everyone in the White House, the west wing, seeking to clear up any part of the assets the federal government makes available, &quot;said Biden. He added that from his perspective, the administration was the only mistake that was not clearly communicated. Obama came under fire, including from some Democrats, who say the administration failed to adequately respond to oil spills in the Gulf, which started on 20 April after the explosion, fire and sinking platforms Deepwater Horizon. The blast killed 11 people. From the installation of wells destroyed since then, according to estimates, the federal government, the more will expire between 50 and 80 tons of oil a day. BP managed to cut the pipeline BP is making great efforts to close the hole, curb pollution and clean beaches and salt marshes of Louisiana, in what was until Thursday the company has invested 990 million U.S. dollars.
 Despite BP is exposed to an understandable anger of the American public, so the company this week launched a major advertising campaign in newspapers and on television, in which he stresses that it is set up floating barriers million meters in the Gulf of Mexico, commissioned 30 aircraft and 1,300 ships, 30 teams of specialists, station to rescue animals, and to allocate 500 million U.S. dollars for long-term care of the coast and countryside. BP will continue to have full responsibility for cleaning oil stains, BP announced in advertisements in The New York Times. But Vice President Biden said that BP has not authoritative. The federal government and the president of the United States are responsible for the actions in the Gulf. If the Justice Department investigation finds any violations of civil or criminal law, those responsible will be prosecuted in accordance with the law, he stressed. Obama is a stain on naftoj spoke on Thursday at Carnegie Mellon University in Pennsylvania, noting that the environmental disaster fresh reminder of the need for Congress to pass energy legislation, including the elimination of billions of dollars of tax incentives for oil companies to increase investment in energy alternatives to fossil fuels.
 