Pope Benedict XVI on Thursday 13th May, the Feast of Our Lady of Fatima, the official and the mass of Fatima Church in the holy mail, where they gathered more mail than half a million believers, not only from Portugal, but also the pilgrims from all over the world. In his homily, the Pope noted that he, like his predecessor Paul VI. and John Paul II. do ¹ ao as pilgrims to Fatima, because it wants to pray for modern humanity affected by the misery and torment. Osvræuæi the priests a year, which is the approximate end of the states, said that priests love Jesus and you want to hold ati eyes riveted on his face. Here you want to entrust to Mary majèinskoj protects priests, monks and nuns, missionaries and pastoral workers, said Pope Benedict XVI, citing an example of three visionaries who are your Life completely devoted to God. According to Benedict XVI, Fatima prophecies is not finished eno. God, said Pope, sent a heavenly Mother to the heart, which her nude, Bo ¾ instilled her love.
 From her messages during the apparitions 1917th The mail still resonates even fraternal message of solidarity. The Pope expressed the hope that they will ten years that separate us from the abundance of expression of the centenary of the apparitions, accelerate announced triumph Bezgre ¹ nog Heart of Mary. After the Mass, the Holy Father visited the graves of three visionaries: Jacinta and Francisco, who are already declaring certain bla ¹ ¾ forth, and Lucy, who died 2006th and is working on a process for its declared ¹ ¾ of bla particular. On Thursday evening the Pope will meet with representatives of the organizations in charge you for certain social and pastoral care will be an opportunity to analyze the social problems that are now facing Portugal. (Ika / gk) On Wednesday, during Vecernje with Portuguese priests in the holy Fatima mail Holy Trinity, the Pope urged priests to be faithful and loyal to their profession. Seminal ¹ Tarceva is recommended to double check the grounds on which the priests acknowledge the official BU, you have to consciously embrace with great responsibility and I ¹.
 He prayed for the restoration of the Church that its clergy would not have succumbed to the offers of the world. The priests were shepherds who guard not only themselves, but rather of giving themselves to God and made available to the brothers, nalazeæi that luck, &quot;he said. Op ¹ ¹ irno report will discuss the Pope&#39;s apostolic campaign in Portugal Read the complete printed edition of Voice of the Council of the Sunday 23 May. Already on Wednesday, the number is available via the Internet at enovine.glas-koncila.hr.
 