Sixty-second consecutive annual Emmy Awards will be awarded to 29th August, the night of Sunday to Monday, beginning at 2 hours. In Los Angeles Nokia Theater, Jimmy Fallon, comedian and late night host, will guide the allocation of awards. Emmy as a television counterpart to the Oscars, the Academy of Television odijeljuje them arts and sciences. Although the glamor and splendor behind the most famous awards, the film industry, television fanatics we are much dearer and more interesting, so we either start at 2 am our time will not be distracted by watching the award. Immediately after the announcement of nominations, more or less seriously, in short, we commented the Academy&#39;s choice. In this analysis, just before publication of the winners will focus on six main categories, try to predict winners and analyze the likely nominees. With each category is attached to the survey. Choose your favorites, and we expect your comments forecasts.
 Best drama Forecast: Mad Men Nominated: Breaking Bad, Dexter, The Good Wife, Lost, Mad Men, True Blood is the bottom is pretty safe, True Blood will not get an Emmy. The big surprise is that such a controversial series ever found among the last six. Also, it is unlikely that members of the Academy choose Dexter, who had a very good last season, and The Good Wife, the only new series on the list. Criticism Mad loves me, and the Academy, and we. The winner was two years in a row, but ... Lost has finished this season in many ways this is a series that has redefined the television, and the Academy often falls on sentimentality. Quality Mad cording could only parry Breaking Bad, which is (again) had a fantastic season, at all levels, from the duo Cranston / Paul, the script, directing and production. Nevertheless, the forecast goes Mad cording. Inertia is a good ally when it comes to the Academy.
 In addition, they won a Golden Globe earlier this year. Loading ... Best comedy Forecast: Glee Nominees: Curb Your Enthusiasm, Glee, Modern Family, Nurse Jackie, The Office, 30 Rock This time, instead of inertia vote goes the hype. Although 30 Rock, triple consecutive winner, had a spectacular season, the Academy loves these series, themes close to the industry. No Glee has literally been everywhere and hard to miss. Somehow I doubt that it will bypass the voters. Deceptive bookmark the Modern Family, which is a complete setup nominated in acting categories - other than veterans Ed O&#39;Neill. He was a great pilot, and the rest of the season just upgraded to good, fundamental. Little or no chance of a Curb Your Enthusiasm, which is little, a little not on the ballot, and Nurse Jackie, who in spite of hours worked two seasons, due to start late summer this year for the first time in competition. The Office is also a very good example of the bad habits of the Academy.
 Five years in a row, nominated, won an award, 2006. According to many undeserved nomination after one of the worst seasons ever, robbing the place some shiny new comedies such as Community, Parks and Recreation or Party Down. Loading ... Best actor in a drama Forecast: Michael C. Hall nominated: Bryan Cranston (Breaking Bad), Michael C. Hall (Dexter), Kyle Chandler (Friday Night Lights), Hugh Laurie (House), Matthew Fox (Lost), Jon Hamm ( Mad Men) flat out say what everyone has in mind, Michael C. Hall beat cancer and win the Emmy. And if you really win, no one will dare to say that he had received undeserved. Hall is a great actor, Dexter was again very good the whole season, and won a Golden Globe this year. But competition is terrible. Bryan Cranston received the Emmy twice in a row and every word is spent on his talent and his performance in Breaking Badu is superfluous.
 But not against the cancer. Hall can. They are also the two main favorites for the award, even though voters no one objected not to vote &quot;eci peci pec&quot; technique. Matthew Fox was first nominated, it deserved at the expense of performance in the last season of Lost. But as you rarely see the winners. Much like John Hamm, Mad despite Akademijonoj bias cording. Hugh Laurie is a special story, a man carrying his own series, his great acting skills no one can dispute, between the 2005th and 2010. was nominated only once - but the Emmy he constantly escapes. Before Cranston category was dominated by James Spader with three awards. Is it possible to finish Laurie House without being awarded an Emmy? Kyle Chandler is the biggest underdog category, since it is constantly ignored Friday Night Lights in the general category, it is unlikely his victory. The very nomination was a big surprise.
 Loading ... Best actress in a drama Forecast: Kathy Sagal Anna Gunn Julianna Margulies nominees: Kyra Sedgwick (The Closer), Glenn Close (Damages), Connie Britton (Friday Night Lights), Julianna Margulies (The Good Wife), Mariska Hargitay (Law &amp; Order: Special Victims Unit), January Jones (Mad Men), The Good Wife has by far the largest audience sympathy criticism, going to a public network, and Julianna Margulies wearing a Golden Globe. For his service in the emergency department has regularly been nominated for best supporting actress, and a prize is won. It is without doubt the greatest ziher Emmy this year, at least for the major categories. Damages to fade proved by the fact that this was not nominated for best drama series, and Glenn Close will be difficult for the third time in a row to get an Emmy. January Jones played a significant role in the third season of Mad Mena, but if they get mad me sometime actor Emmy, it will be the supporting actress category.
 Connie Britton and Kyle Chandler, is a sentimental choice for all viewers Friday Night Lights, but unfortunately, their chances are very small. As Mariska Hargitay, winner in 2006. The concerns, Kurt Sutter, the author of Sons of Anarchy and the husband of Kathy Sagal, best devised a comment: Mariska Hargitay, are you fucking kidding me? Loading ... Best actor in a comedy Forecast: Alec Baldwin Nominated: Jim Parsons (The Big Bang Theory), Larry David (Curb Your Enthusiasm), Matthew Morrison (Glee), Tony Shalhoub (Monk) Steve Carell (The Office) Alec Baldwin (30 Rock) category which is likely to decide between two veterans, Alec Baldwin and Tony Shalhoub. Alec received the award the past two years, a Tony-nominated for the eighth time in a row. Three times he won the prize, none in the last three years. In support of him going Monk as last season ended eight years of broadcasting. For the second year in a row, and nominated Jim Parsons Big Bang Theory favorites are part of a younger audience, in which members of the Academy does not belong.
 If Carell will get the Emmy, you will get it when nagodinu him to be the last season. Larry David is perhaps the least known but of these, and Morrison played in a very razvikanoj series, but rarely anyone mentions them as winners. Loading ... Best actress in a comedy Forecast: Toni Collette nominated: Lea Michele (Glee), Julia Louis-Dreyfus (The New Adventures of Old Christine), Edie Falco (Nurse Jackie), Amy Poehler (Parks and Recreation) Tina Fey (30 Rock) Toni Collette (The United States of Tara) Tara in Co llette shows that there is a wide acting range, and furthermore, the winner of last. Her main rival Edie Falco, in the post-spranovskoj role of nurse addicts, and Tina Fey, who is still a better writer than an actress. Dreyfusova won the Emmy twice, once for her supporting role in Seinfeld. (1996), one of the main Old Christine (2006).. In addition, the fifth nomination. Has good chances and Lea Michele from Gleeja, while Amy Poehler in a perfect world, was rewarded for his role in the parks, there is no realistic chance too.
 Loading ... Where to watch award? HBO subscribers will be able to watch the award ceremony live from 2 hours after midnight. Unfortunately, this is the only channel in Croatia which will be directly transferred Emmy, while E! Entertainment from the midnight transfer to red carpet events - but not the award itself. Streams on the web are always fallback option, but about them we will not at this point ... NBC will, however, on its website and Ustream.com, for the first time live stream the events behind the scenes. Tweet
 