09/30/2010 | Word | Share This Chevrolet is prepared for the Paris news in each market segment: the world premiere of the new Aveo five-door small, powerful and versatile Orlando SUV Captiva, the first time will appear as a five-door Cruze show car. Revolutionary Chevrolet Volt electric vehicle also has an impressive performance, and only a few weeks before the scheduled date of commencement of sales in selected markets in the U.S.. Concurrently are exposed to the standard and the racing version Cruze and Corvette as a demonstration of a close relationship between success in the field of auto racing and the development of production cars. &quot;Paris 2010th by Chevrolet, which will present four premieres, the fair it will be difficult to repeat, &quot;said Wayne Brannon, president and CEO of Chevrolet Europe. &quot;Chevrolet&#39;s stand is a kind of glimpse into the future for all new Chevrolet models that customers will be able to see in our showrooms next, for our anniversary 2011th
 year in which we celebrate our centenary. &quot;New Orlando is Chevrolet&#39;s debut in the European segment MPV / family vans. It is a true modern family car that combines the convenience of seven-and flexible interior design with an impressive style crossover. Entirely consistent with the exterior, Orlando has a modern and fresh interior with a range of useful features such as high second and third row seats and a large number of ingenious storage compartments, and is characterized by a large trunk. When Orlando found on sale in Europe early 2011., Customers will be able to choose among the three most recent Chevrolet economical engines: 1.8-liter gasoline and two 2.0-liter diesel. New Chevrolet Aveo new five-door Aveo will bring lots of style in the small car segment. The production version looks just as good as the Aveo RS concept that could be seen at fairs this year in Detroit and Geneva.
 The new Aveo has taken full advantage of the detailed European development program, and the result is a car that would meet European tastes when it comes to design and dynamics. Like Spark, which was launched earlier this year, Chevrolet expects Aveo appeal to younger buyers while you keep your identity a practical, small but spacious car. The new Aveo, which will come to Europe in summer 2011., Is longer and wider than the current model. It has a spacious interior and boasts one of the largest boot in its segment. The new Aveo interior not only provides plenty of space - the instrument panel, for which the inspiration used motorcycles, top and backlight design obgrljujući front cockpit placed Aveo to a higher level. The rich offer of engines, four-cylinder petrol and diesel will be available with variable valve timing technology, the management shift cam and common-rail fuel injection.
 Chevrolet&#39;s first six-speed transmission for small cars will also be offered as an option with certain engines. The new Captiva with newly designed front end, an updated interior and new engine and transmission, Chevrolet SUV, the new Captiva, was first introduced in Paris, and in the European market will be found in the spring 2011th Captiva is a representation of the 2006th received a lot of fans thanks to its exterior design, as the latest changes that reflect the direction of Chevrolet&#39;s distinctive design development, the new Captiva looks even sportier and more practical. Four new powerful engines are offered with manual or new six-speed automatic transmission. Introducing the new 3.0 V6 petrol engine with 258 hp direct injection and variable valve timing makes the new Captiva one of the most powerful compact SUV market, while a new 2.2 turbocharged diesel engine will be available with a power of 163 or 184 hp.
 Offer the new engine completes the 2.4-liter gasoline engine with a displacement controlled camshafts and 171 horsepower. Captivina driving dynamics was also enhanced by a series of changes to the chassis with the aim to improve the control of the vehicle and driving and handling characteristics. With the electronic stability control (ECS), traction control (TCS) and Brake Assist (BAS) as standard features, Captiva offers a very high level of security. In the meantime Captivinoj the interior is a whole host of new features such as new upholstery, trims and various details that give the interior more luxurious feel. Engineers have also improved the internal acoustics to reduce noise from the road and out, allowing passengers to enjoy the new maximum Captivinom audio. Sample five-door Cruze irresistible attraction Chevrolet Cruze, which was observed in the whole world will become even greater when the saloon next year and join the five-door version.
 In Paris he presented a pilot version of the new Cruze with five doors. With Chevrolet&#39;s commitment to providing excellent value for money in all markets, five-door version builds on the success of the world&#39;s limousines, which is already sold in 70 countries around the world and recently overtook the Chevrolet Aveo to the position of global best-selling passenger car. With its attractive descending roofline reminiscent of the convertible and short overhangs front and rear, a new five-door Cruze has the same dynamic look as well as sedan and will be recognizable at first glance. There is also the same impression of solidity while driving - five-door model is constructed using a new integrated system karoserijskog (body-frame integral system, BFI), which is further enhanced by fine tuning the chassis components. Luggage capacity five-door Cruze is nearly 400 liters, a rear bench will be split in a ratio of 60/40.
 The new five-door Chevrolet Cruze will go on sale across Europe in mid 2011th year, and prices and other details will be announced later. Chevrolet Volt Concept The first performance electric car Chevrolet Volt could be seen at the Detroit Motor Show just prior to three years. Opening this year&#39;s fair in Paris coincides with the beginning of Volt sales in the U.S. market. As an appropriate way to mark next year, Chevrolet&#39;s big centennial anniversary of existence, the Volt production in Europe will begin 2011th, when the first cars will be presented before the 2012th Chevrolet Volt is an electric vehicle with an extended range capability and is different from hybrids in that the wheels of vehicles at any time, runs an electrical current. Volt used as a primary source of electricity and gasoline as a secondary, auxiliary source that generates electricity. Hybrid vehicles have both sources - engine and battery - to achieve full performance.
 In the hybrids is usually an internal combustion engine and more important than the two operating systems and provides the most power during demanding driving maneuvers. Volt is different from other electric or hybrid cars. Drive to 60 km to the electrical energy stored in the 16-kWh, lithium-ion battery. When the battery runs out, triggering a built-in generator that produces electricity to drive a car, while charging the battery. This is to reach Volta extends to more than 500 km, which makes it a real ecological alternative for customers who drive ordinary cars with today&#39;s diesel engines and internal combustion engines. To be completely filled, Volt plugs into any household outlet with a voltage of 230 V for about three hours. Volt &quot;gauge the effectiveness of&quot; the digital instrument panel gives the driver feedback in real time on the driving performance, while activation of button &quot;Green List&quot; to access data on the strength, battery level and amount of energy.
 The driver will be out of the vehicle or remotely determine the settings for later charging based on time of day and the price of electricity. Intended for everyone and all occasions, Volt is a car with five doors and front-wheel drive offers plenty of room for four passengers and 300-liter trunk. With a peak torque of 370 Nm, Volt can accelerate from 0-100 km / h in an impressive 9 seconds and reach a top speed of 161 km / h. Compared with conventional propulsion systems, the current torque gives the Volt a sense of the powerful V6 engine. The contribution of technology: from racing to road cars While a brilliant engineer at the Louis Chevrolet was proud to be the centenary of the company founded in November 1911th celebrated the production Volt electric car, champion race car driver in it would surely equally proud of the company&#39;s commitment to all its products Utka and tradition that is built for years and that this expertise could be useful used in the development of standard production models.
 So at the Paris Motor Show Corvette ZR1 exposed by their C6.R race relatives who competed in the 24 Hours of Le Mans and the American edition of Le Mans. There is also the Cruze, which is successfully competing in a series of races World Touring Car Championship - currently the leader with two races remaining until the end. About Chevrolet Chevrolet is the world&#39;s largest brand of General Motors, which annually sells about 3.5 million vehicles in more than 130 countries. Fourth is the world&#39;s largest automobile brand when it comes to sales and is one of the fastest growing brands in the world. Chevrolet Europe offers an attractive and distinctive design, practical and economical cars as well as outstanding value for money. After re-launching the brand in Europe 2005th year, Chevrolet has more than doubled its sales to more than 500,000 cars 2008th Year 2009. Chevrolet has a market share of 2.3 percent in Europe, sold 426,000 cars.
 Chevrolet has a network than 2,900 facilities and services in Europe. Offer models include all-new Matiz city car, small Aveo, Cruze compact sedan, SUV Captiva, a medium Epic and legendary sports car Corvette. 2011. Chevrolet will introduce the Orlando, an all-new family van, the Camaro coupe and convertible-version, the new Aveo five-door Cruze. It will also be re-introduced Captiva SUV with four new engines. Chevrolet&#39;s largest market in Europe, Russia, Italy, Germany, France, Spain and United Kingdom. Founded in the United States by a Swiss immigrant Louis Chevrolet back in 1911th, the brand will celebrate its centenary with the launch of the revolutionary electric vehicles with extended-range Chevrolet Volt. More information on Chevrolet, visit the website or http://www.chevroleteurope.com http://media.chevroleteurope.com.
 