Choir of stars is one of the most representative musical representatives of Zagreb and Croatian. Founded on 18 2nd 1985th year, and operates at the Music Center as a youth in Zagreb studio singing stars. Members of the choir were excellent students of Zagreb elementary and secondary schools. During more than two decades of activity the choir has developed an intensive collaboration with major Croatian ensembles and soloists, and many Croatian and foreign conductors. Congregation dedicated a track number of prominent Croatian composers, among which stands out cycle of the Four Seasons Davorin Kempf, composition Orion, Venus, Andromeda Kelemen and girls Sciences Ivo Josipovic. Stars are winners of many national and international awards (Norway, Italy, Austria, Slovenia, Wales, Ireland), among which one should mention the double victory at the International Choral Festival in Llangollen in North Wales (Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod), Outstanding awards at international festivals in Sligo Ireland (Sligo International Choral Festival) and in Stavanger, Norway, the prize for best performance of contemporary composition at the International Youth Choral Festival in Celje, Slovenia, etc.
 His extensive activities in Croatia, the choir concerts at the Festival of the Child in Šibenik (1990.), The Dubrovnik Summer Festival (2000.) And the International Festival of Choral Music in Rovinj (2008).. In a series of major international success especially noteworthy two tours in the United States: a very a successful tour 2003rd (New York, Pittsburgh, Dayton, Northern Kentucky), when the 12th December declared the day of Stars in New York, on 19 Stars December day in Dayton, as well as both a successful tour 2004th The (Cincinnati, Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Los Angeles, Chicago, New York), where a series of successful performances in particular singled out the Stars concert at the Church of the Holy Family Chapel at the United Nations in New York City (Holy Family Church) under the auspices of Archbishop Celestino Migliorea, Holy See&#39;s permanent observer to the UN. Latest achievements Stars confirmed in 2006.
 year on tour in Australia (Melbourne, Canberra, Sydney) and Malaysia (Kuala Lumpur) and 2008th at a recent guest appearance Association in Canada (Toronto). Together with the Zagreb Soloists and the great Croatian artists Ruža Pospiš-Baldini and Dunja Vejzović, choir Stars received the award for the performance of John Lukačić GB Pergolesi&#39;s Stabat Mater at the Varazdin Baroque Evenings 1991st year. European Federation of Choirs of the Union, which operates in the European Parliament in Brussels declared the choir and their conductor, Maestro Zdravko Šljivca ambassadors of culture. Due to their different preferences choir has been recorded hundreds of audio recordings, a series of solo albums, among which are extracted CD Ave Gloria Mundi, two CDs Stars released on the occasion of the jubilee 15th Anniversary activities, the DVD release to mark the 20th Anniversary activities, CD release stars 20 years with works by Croatian composers and Christmas editions organized in cooperation with the Zagreb Soloists and the Zagreb Wind Trio, the Zagreb Philharmonic Orchestra and the Croatian Army.
 From the beginning to the present day, the choir leads Maestro Zdravko Sljivac through which the stars and achieve such success. Zdravko Šljivac versatile musician, composer and producer, conductor, music educator, and editor and contributor of the Croatian Television. He is the founder and for many years conductor of the choir stars with whom he won many national and international awards (double victory at the Choral Festival in Wales, Outstanding Award in Norway and Ireland, the award for best performance of contemporary compositions on the Choral Festival in Celje, etc.) . He won the Porin Awards on several occasions and in more categories (best productions of classical music, folk music, best production, best children&#39;s music productions, etc.), awards Varazdin Baroque Evenings and plaques Croatian Composers&#39; Society. The author is a music television drama series, serials and plays. An art director and initiator of several large music projects and festivals.
 He participated in the work and conducted the Children&#39;s Choir in the world Paris. With its excellent educational work taking care of young talent. He is a member of many juries. Cooperating with the Zagreb Soloists, Symphony Orchestra, the Zagreb Philharmonic, the ensemble opera, the Croatian Chamber Orchestra, Symphony Orchestra and the Army and Tamburitza orchestra HRT. European Federation of Choirs of the Union declared it a cultural ambassador for the Republic of Croatia.
 