Football weekend once again offers a lot of excitement, a most interesting will be in Germany, where they meet Bayern Munich and Hamburg and Leverkusen and Schalke. The most interesting game this weekend offers the German Bundesliga where he played as much as two big derby. In Spain, it continues to struggle at Real Madrid and Barcelona shared by five points, which is the same difference that separates Arsenal and Manchester United in the Premier League. We will have another interesting football weekend. United against older customers looking for a new three points English Premier League even made it to 27 schools that does not offer us some great derby, so it is the strongest match between Newcastle and Manchester United, maybe not at the current form, Newcastle, of course, but because these meetings are always interesting teams in history. United after the defeat by Manchester City continued with good games, especially those raised by the victory against Arsenal in the FA Cup when the &#39;Red Devils&#39; celebrated with a high 4-0.
 Thereafter, there was also a very good score in the Champions League quarter-finals where they were heavy with guest appearances in Lyon returned unbeaten. Now you can still pay below the competition in the Premiership, where their leaders behind the Arsenal is five points. A lot of people would say, but Ferguson and his players are convinced that it can catch up. Therefore, room for error anymore, or they have very little. Victory against Newcastle is essential if United wants to keep the connection and stay in the fight for the championship. In support of them go to the previous results obtained at St.James Park where United have not lost six games in a row. Regular matches are these rivals ended firework hits, judging by current form &#39;magpie&#39; smiles make us even an efficient game. In the last seven meetings at a guest appearance for Newcastle United has scored 22 goals, so that optimism in their ranks do not lack.
 On the other hand, Newcastle currently holds the 13th position, and any involvement Kevin Keegan has not helped them, too. They have the third worst defense in the league, which will be Saturday at great temptations raspucanog attacks against Manchester United. Arsenal will try to keep their advantage to five points, but it will need a win against Birmingham away. Although local band keeps a low 17th position this season have already shown that they know to play against the strongest team Premier League. Specifically, the ground on his win and Chelsea and Manchester United as the fact that certainly takes care of Arsene Wenger and his team. Should take into account that the Arsenal players are tired after a pretty big battle against Milan in the Champions League and would be able to show an advantage for the host. Arsenal in the last four meetings against Birmingham on the side achieved three wins in which not received a hit, and in this game are still big favorites.
 Liverpool will be buoyed by beating Inter Milan to try and form part of the League to convey the national championship. They come Middlesbrough at Anfield, team camps at the 12th Premier League position and who for many years, not known for winning the Liverpool stadium. They expect three points because it is high time that the &#39;Reds&#39; move on and enter into a series of good results. Portsmouth home game against Sunderland and three points are a realistic expectation while the mini-derby circuit of power to confront Manchester City and Everton. Duel in the seventh and four team championships, where more opportunities to domestic composition, if nothing else, because having a great score against Everton at home. Couples 27th School of English Premier League: Birmingham - Fulham Arsenal - West Ham Liverpool - Middlesbrough v Portsmouth - Wigan Sunderland - Newcastle Derby - Man Utd Reading - Aston Villa Blackburn - Bolton Man. City - Everton match for Lyon Routine Maybe najizvjesniji pair this weekend is that between the leader Lyon and Metz, the French Cup final team.
 This would all but secure home win was a sensation because, Metz was in the 25 schools scored only 14 goals so they are expected to Gerlandu mission impossible, in the true sense of the word. Interestingly, will be at Princes Park where PSG welcomes Monaco. Looking at the situation on the table, then this game is not so eminent importance, but the names of the clubs are such that this meeting can safely be called the most interesting round encounter. Far from it that they do not need points, Monaco is fighting for places in the UEFA Cup, while PSG seeks an escape from the danger zone, keep the 17th position with only three points ahead of Toulouse, who leads the team in the danger zone. Toulouse waiting blunder Monaco and is hoping that his victory against Marseille begun, which, after a disastrous start of the season series victory climbed to fourth position. Although the form of foreign guests, we must not forget that the Toulouse front of their fans are always offered the best parties.
 They are not defeated but seven games in a row, but to their sorrow, are just one win, and this proved to be insufficient. Couples 26th School French Le Championnat: Caen - St.Etienne Lyon - Metz Nancy - Nice Lens - Auxerre PSG - Rennes Monaco - Lorient Strasbourg - Sochaux Valenciennes - Le Mans Toulouse - Marseille Bordeaux - Lille Round derby in the Bundesliga if other leagues do not offer a super strong game , Bundesliga offers even two. The first of these, and some interesting game in the Allianz Arena where Bayern Munich welcomes our HSV Ivica Olic. The last two teams meeting in Munich, completed the win, and identical to the results of 2-1, but also worth knowing that HSV it has not won away at Bayern Munich full-23rd year. The current form of both teams was very good, although Bayern started to show slight signs of weakness. The difference between them is only six points in the case of HSV-winning and had a frantic finale to the Bundesliga, Bayern Munich, but won all three points, then the chances of winning the Hamburg title reduced to a minimum.
 Another strong game it was between Bayer and Schalke, and the fourth and fifth team championship. United will struggle to take place leading into the Champions League, Schalke and ambition could rise further if it manages to overcome the great competitor in a guest appearance. The first game in which the host was Schalke ended a 1-1 draw and finish it and this game no one should remain surprised. Werder hopes that HSV might be surprised to Bayern, but they will mean nothing if they fail to overcome Frankfurt guests, who this season is more than solid. Werder only remembers the good performances in Frankfurt, because it seldom return home without any points, and full loot. Last meeting also went to Werder Bremen, Eintracht Frankfurt and the network was shaking up six times. Good news for our team Ivan Klasnic, although previous results do not necessarily mean anything. Couples 21st School of German Bundesliga: Bochum - Leverkusen Hannover - Bielefeld Schalke 04 - Duisburg Dortmund - Hansa Frankfurt - Werder Br
 Stuttgart - Karlsruher Wolfsburg - Hertha BSC Bayern Munich - Hamburg Nurnberg - Cottbus Sampdoria Inter interrupted series? Leading Inter shaken confidence after the defeat to Liverpool has the appearance of the team that was with them in their best form in Serie A. Sampdoria at home is achieved seven wins, three draws and one defeat and that is something which are very much aware of the ranks of the Inter . Although their advantage over second-placed Romo now has 11 big points, two defeats in a row would be a call for alarm. Liverpool&#39;s Inter roughly down to the ground and inflicted their first defeat in 29 matches and will now and weaknesses and a number of disputes within the club and try to take advantage of Sampdoria. Marco Materazzi and Zlatan Ibrahimovic were reportedly clashed because Ibrahimovic Materazzi blamed for the defeat against Liverpool. Fans are also publicly expressed their dissatisfaction, primarily coach Mancini who according to them did not draw the right moves.
 Inter&#39;s defeat will be a tragedy because their third consecutive title virtually in your pocket, but they could use this match to return a portion of lost confidence. Roma najzanimljivijoj round match at the Olimpico welcomes its Fiorentina, which now has three points ahead of AC Milan in the battle for fourth place and Champions League. Very hard to come Fiorentina to score the Olimpico, but the decline in the form of local content is going to hand them is real hope for good results. Experienced by the Romans two defeats in the last three league matches, but the victory over Real Madrid in the Champions League I encourage you in favor of the match. Juventus was behind the Romo fell to just one point and a win against Reggina could bring them another place, if she manages to steal a few points Fiorentina Roma. Reggina at the moment an ideal team to play against her, four defeats in a row does not leave much hope that they possibly can to a great result against Juventus.
 After favorable results against Arsenal in the Champions League, Milan players will try to overcome Palermo San Siro and get back in the fight for fourth place which they had fled after two successive draws. The first meeting of these teams went to Palermo, who won at home 2-1. Couples 24th School of Italian Serie A: Torino - Parma Reggina - Juventus Roma - Fiorentina Atalanta - Siena Cagliari - Empoli Lazio - Catania Livorno - Sampdoria Napoli - Inter Milan Udinese - Genoa AC Milan - Palermo continues to struggle at Real Madrid and Barcelona Spain championship again was given the tension after as Barcelona fell behind Real Madrid to just five points. To make the gap remained the same, or may have been further reduced to ensure the Levante, the last team Examples which come to the Nou Camp in order, presumably, lost to Barcelona cracked. It is difficult to expect that the weak can entangle plans Levante Barcelona which play only win if they want to keep the connection with the real.
 Neither the royal club will not be overly difficult job. At the Santiago Bernabeu coming to them Getafe, a city that rival game this season much worse than in previous seasons. This is also a new challenge for Real Madrid coach Bernd Schuster who has just arrived in Madrid from Getafe. If someone knows all the weaknesses of lesser-known Madrid club then it is Schuster. Realized excellent results with them, and now he threatened to beat them and keep the Barça on these five points behind. Fails you, then we expect a crazy season finale. Atletico Madrid and Villarreal continue to fight for third place, and dangerous for their neck breathes Espanyol. Atletico will be guests at Osasuna while Villarreal put San Mamés, the Athletic of Bilbao, which has made this season just three home victories. Do not play &#39;Yellow Submarine&#39; best lately so Bilbao could easily cheer their fanatical fans a big scalp. Couples 25th
 School Spanish Primera: Valencia - Huelva Sevilla - Zaragoza Ath. Bilbao - Villarreal Deportivo - Espanyol Mallorca - Betis Murcia - Osasuna Valladolid - Atl. Santander Madrid - Almeria Barcelona - Levante Real Madrid - Getafe
 