Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Bashar Assad Syrian President Bashar Assad and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad presented a united front against the United States, whose policies are considered nedobrodošlim interference in the region. During a joint conference, both the president refused to call America to stop Iran nuclear facilities, and Syria to distance itself from Tehran. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said: &quot;Americans want to dominate the region, but are Iran and Syria are on the road because we set their own terms. These comments are valuable to the United States. We wish to tell you that instead intervene in relations between countries in the region, that Pack belongings and leave. &quot;United States and other nations are concerned about Iran developing a nuclear facility. Although allies say Iran is not intent peacetime, Iran claims to have exclusively peaceful purposes. U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Secretary of State Hillary Clinton last week said the congressional lawmakers that the Obama administration continue inizistiranjem imposing sanctions on Iran unless Tehran does not change the political course.
 &quot;Iran has not left the international community no choice but to impose sanctions and pressure to curb the country&#39;s provocation.&quot; Clinton said. President Assad of Syria for the views of the United States said that this &quot;new situation colonization&quot; of the region. U.S. tries to repair relations with Damascus. The White House has in recent months sent the greatest officials to meetings with President Assad, and opened the ambasasadu in Damascus for the first time in five years. The United States criticized Syria for supporting militant groups in the Middle East, and it did not prevent the military forces to cross through its territory into Iraq. Hillary Clinton said in Congress that the administration&#39;s positions are clear to Syria, &quot;Syria seeks greater co-operation in respect to Iraq. We want to stop interfering in Lebanon&#39;s situation, but with transporting weapons and supplies group Hezbollah.
 We are looking to launch Israeli-Syrian peace process, but also to begin to move away from Iran, which threatens the region, as well as the United States. &quot;America urges Syria to renew peace talks with Israel that were suspended 2000th Tensions deepened in the first month, Syrian President Assad accused Israel to avoid peace, and Syria, Prime Minister warned of attacks on Israeli cities in the event of war.
 