By: Dr. Salman ibn al-Fehd Avde Translated and adapted: Abdusamed Nasuf Bušatlić At the beginning of my remarks and talking about, for us Muslims, the most important events in the past year, I want to say that I recently re-visited in Malaysia at the Congress of Islamic unity and want for the umpteenth time to express my delight that the Muslim state, because Malaysia is truly the land of prosperity. I usually always emphasize the positive example of Malaysia and Turkey, countries which are our inspiration and hope in these difficult times, and examples of successful Islamic project. Malaysia - Muslim symbol of progress The progress and rebirth are evident in all aspects of life in Malaysia. Among other things, I want to say that in Malaysia, the foundation is building a new grad-metropolis that is just one visible sign of civilization&#39;s progress, which is planning to build by 2020. year. Also, I can not mention his meeting with Mahathir Mohammed, Malaysia&#39;s leader and the bearer of a resurgence.
 To Him belong the most credit for what Malaysia has achieved in economic and cultural progress, but above all he is credited for its vigorous attempt to work on building the human, rather than the construction and improvement of buildings and cities. I know he feels joy over huge success in the field of state building, but I also know that it is infinitely sad about the failed attempt to change the basic thing which is so fired, and this change is awareness among the Malaysian people, that he, as such, may be be the holder of the overall advancement of civilization in that country. Unfortunately, a Malaysian man, in most cases, to be met by a Chinese servant and nothing more. Of course, we should not forget even some negative phenomena in this country such as corruption, bribery and various other forms of crime, but all these phenomena are only a small black spot on a huge white canvas called Malaysia.
 Even I am a Muslim, which we drew attention to the negativity and said that such information is probably correct, but I do not like to hear them, because they do not want to disappear and our ambition to be just so scattered, beautiful dreams that we hope to be a better Muslim tomorrow. US-Arab Relations: Obama&#39;s first year of the reign of Last year was primarily marked by the arrival of Barack Obama at the head of the United States, and the question that is often heard that if Obama is so far to fulfill what he wanted and what was expected , I reply: And what does Obama actually wants and what is it that we expect and want from Obama? At least what we want and expect from Obama is to change U.S. policy and that the return on the rate at which it was before 11 September 2001. That means he should at least make the U.S. not to use their excess power and hostility (as it is and what they have done so far exceeded every measure) against the Arab-Islamic world.
 I think that this is the most realistic that we can expect from Barack Obama and he is in that sense but made some moves. Evidence for this is the case of Muslim officers in the U.S. Army that killed some time ago several of his fellow officers in a military camp in America, thus committing a terrible crime. If it had happened during the Bush administration, we can only speculate what the media had an epilogue to this event. There is no doubt that this case returned items at the very beginning, and destroyed all the effort in terms of stabilization and improvement of relations between the Christian West and Islamic East, but since the current U.S. administration has no a priori hostility towards Arabs and Muslims in general, the case is solved in a painless and, I think, a very correct way. After all, we must know that we can not help neither America nor Obama, when we ourselves can not and do not want to help in solving međuarapskih misunderstandings and conflicts, as well as in solving the Palestinian, nor any other issues and problems which we touches.
 And what, in turn, involves the closure of camps in Guantanamo Bay by the Obama administration, I think they will move the prisoners to another jail or detention camp, and maybe the story of Guantanamo to be forgotten over time, but it is certain that in such relations people in the future to talk about a new camp for Muslims who will have just a different name. Afghanistan - and when it will be under the rule of the occupying forces last year, like previous ones, was marked by constant conflict in Afghanistan the day took on greater proportions, and which relate many lives. These days the actual preparing to send new U.S. troops in Afghanistan, but even so I want to say that Afghanistan can not forever remain an American protectorate, and will have to find a different solution, because the Americans and their allies also suffered huge losses and their Afghan blood soaked earth.
 Then, the fact that the opposition forces, represented by the Taliban and their allies in the expansion, while at the same time government official in a certain contraction, introverted, and distant from the people. It should be added that in Afghanistan there are individuals and groups who seriously work towards reconciliation and the improvement of relations between the Afghans, because it is ludicrous to think that it will be in Afghanistan constantly shed blood and that the conflict between the government and the opposition, or vice versa, to last forever simply the language of violence and hostility must stop once. In Malaysia I had a meeting with Sheikh Yusuf Qaradawi and Shaykh Abdullah ibn Bijehom, where among other things, we talked about reconciling feuding and warring Afghan groups. On this occasion, I recalled the Islamic Unity Conference which was held in Tajikistan, where he was present and the Minister of Religious Affairs of Afghanistan.
 Specifically, he was fully ready for such negotiations, and gave full support to these efforts. In this regard, he, as a former student of Islamic Law in Saudi Arabia, demanded by Islamic scholars to devote maximum effort to bring about reconciliation in Afghanistan. It will probably resemble some of those initiatives to rescue the invading troops, as in one hand and true, but it was before and after all rescue the Afghan people and Islam, too, because in Afghanistan, there are 150 000 mosques, and today only three thousand mosques regularly and freely used for religious activities. Until the situation is so electrically charged and while the government war in Afghanistan will be a serious scientific, economic, cultural and religious progress will be and remain only a dream. Somalia - međumuslimanski conflict to extinction on our great sorrow, Muslims are the only nation or Ummah who kill each other, as confirmed by the example of Somalia where the warring Muslim groups link the real extermination war.
 Allah us in the Qur&#39;an as it is such a temptation to put only the Israelis, in order thus to prove their tevbu and sincere repentance for their worship of the golden calf:&#39;&#39;And when Musa said to his people: &#39; O my people, accepting a calf, you just do yourself an injustice, because the Creator and repent their mutually Kill.&#39;&#39;&#39;(Al-Baqarah, 54). This is exactly what Muslims are doing today to each other (but not to make Allah&#39;s command as Israelis, but to the Russians) and are so hostile towards each other not to accept a ceasefire or cessation of fire, even during the month of Ramadan in order to people might in peace and worship iftariti teraviju. I imagine the absurd, the warring sides in Somalia Muslims do not accept the cease-fire for religious reasons. Not to mention that none of them do not know the answer to the question of why the fight which is why they kill each other, this, the country they were already completely destroyed and devastated.
 I think what you will about Islam, then play a common man, non-Muslim who is not fundamentally hostile to Islam and Muslims, when he sees that the Islamic world is the scene of constant conflict and killing, from Somalia to Iraq, and threatening the internal friction of the Sudan to Pakistan and Afghanistan. Simply put, they are now in a Muslim country ruled by tribal conflicts and wars has become a country of despair and hopelessness. Unable to talk in the context of conflicts međumuslimanskim not mention the shameful and humiliating event at a football match for World Cup qualification, between Algeria and Egypt. What to say than: masalah! We Muslims are fighting during the game, and we turned the game into the war, a war game. Plastic items that are reversed, we would be much better. Pakistan - the possession of atomic bombs is not a guarantee of safety and success of Pakistan has, within the mosaic which is called the world of Islam, the story for yourself.
 This is one of the largest Islamic country in a long time ago based on the principles of Islam &quot;(stories about its founder Muhammad Ali, Jenny, died in 1949. Everyone is well-known). In addition, Pakistan is one of the few Muslim countries that have an atomic bomb on the basis of the examples we actually find that the point is not in possession of nuclear weapons, as many of us think, or in the possession of government, to which special emphasis is placed a group Muslims, claiming that it is important to win power, then it is easy to achieve the goal and focus of things in the right direction. However, Pakistan is a practical example as evidence that factors such as modern weapons, power and numbers (which are certainly the key), do not themselves use, but often the damage, if there is no clear program and a project that will support all ethnic groups and all citizens in one state. On the other hand there is also an example of a multinational and multi-religious country such as Malaysia, where they live Malay, Chinese, Indians, Muslims, Buddhists and others, but despite this they managed to unite around a common goal and the program and everyone is in their interest to this program to better implement and achieve.
 So, the problem arises when life tries based on distorted understanding which is inherent in today&#39;s Arab mentality, to a certain project that I used, there must be damage to my enemy. Iran - whether to resist U.S. imperialist ambitions for Iran, we can say the same as for Pakistan. Why do we always assume and conclude that the possession of nuclear weapons that the state will provide safe power and presence as a subject which will play an important role on the world stage? On the contrary, mentioned the presence of a country on the world political stage depends primarily from the possibility of the State to maintain a balance among different ethnic and religious groups in Iran which has more than 60%, and that the external enemy at a given time can be used to achieve their goals, and preservation of internal stability in order to avoid any escalation due to different and conflicting political views between the government and the opposition.
 In Iran, currently, although the opposition and the few who are reformers in a better position than the party in power, because they are in their party and the program involved the richest and most influential people, ie, businessmen and intellectual and cultural elite. So do not be surprised that they are so influential in society. Also, I want to say that the Arab world is very interested in the situation in Iran, and Arabs in the interest of Iran as a Muslim country maintains its internal stability and to properly respond to external challenges and aspirations of some Western powers. I believe that the stability in Iran will largely depend upon the stability of the entire Islamic world. Therefore, we must not allow themselves to be in someone else&#39;s house, we throw stones, nor that the political-diplomatic relations and connections are used to lobby and conduct an impact on some groups that produced the mess and start conflicts and wars in this or that Muslim country.
 Because in the end it will be like a boomerang to return just the one who caused this conflict. As said:&#39;&#39;He whose house is made of glass, should not aim at someone&#39;s house with stones.&#39;&#39;This applies to Iran, but also the Arab countries alike, because the best case for us all the houses are made of glass. Gaza - a tragedy that evokes bad memories do not we talk about events that have marked the last year not to mention the tragedy of Gaza in Palestine. Tragedy that never and can never forget, though insan sometimes tries to do it all over to oblivion. However, pictures of children killed, dismembered bodies of innocent people killed, countless funeral, with the face of the earth razed the city, all these images and memories come back stronger than oblivion. Then, international reports confirm that both land and water in Gaza full of various toxic substances that have negative consequences for human health, a cause that is just horrible aggression on Gaza and tons of poison gases that are dumped there Zionists.
 What is especially important to note is that the report of the Human Rights Council confirmed that the Zionists committed horrific genocide of the Muslims of Gaza. And more importantly, what is one of the author and initiator of the report by nationality, Jews. Therefore, this report came from the pen of a man who belongs to the people whose army has committed a crime, and he realized that facing the truth and open recognition that crime does not mean hostility to Jews or antisemitism. As in the culture of the Arab people also think that anyone who criticizes you sure your opponent and enemy. No, never! Because, once you and a friend can be criticized in order to encourage and to fix the error and how would you pointed in the right way. Switzerland - anticivilisational referendum against minarets past year seems to be sealed by a referendum against the construction of minarets, which had recently occurred in Switzerland, which undoubtedly represents anticivilisational act par excellence.
 In addition, it is itself decadent and, when it comes to the coexistence of which the West says so, and the necessity of integration of Muslims into Western society, it means a huge step backwards. For if the Muslims living in Europe requires to integrate into Western society (about the positive and expressed the Muslim leaders), then whoever it requires must know and respect their religious and civil rights. That is the minimum that must be respected. The idea of voting for and against the minaret, it is also very biased and I&#39;d extracted, because the negative results of that election were known in advance. In fact, while I stayed in London I visited a group of Muslims living in Switzerland and they told me, before they appeared in the official results of the referendum, it was all planned in advance, which proved to be accurate. However, despite all attempts at an attack on Islam and the seriousness of the situation, I remind the Muslims who live in the West must understand that it is a great opportunity before them in respect of missionary activity that is not to be missed.
 Freedom of speech is guaranteed and she opened countless opportunities to convey the message of Islam to people through various means of information, and the fact that he did not miss any of the readiness of many non-Muslims to accept the message. There are a huge number of Europeans who want to learn about Islam and its precepts, and to them we are able to present Islam in a nice and trustworthy manner, rather than to make the media who deliberately transmit a distorted image of Islam in the form of a variety of documentaries and other films, no doubt we achieved tremendous results, and instead of 20% Muslim population, as it is assumed that he would be the 2050th in Europe, said to be safe on a much larger percentage. Then, no matter what the Swiss referendum over 50% of Swiss citizens were against the construction of the minaret, we certainly can not forget the other side of which was for the construction of minarets, and against the referendum, and we must not allow themselves to thoughtless actions, and help give momentum to extreme currents and groups in this country, but we must help the fair and objective group of Swiss people who have a positive image of Islam and are taken into consideration.
 Sacred Flame&#39;&#39;&#39;&#39;optimism at the end, I want to emphasize one thing. Regardless of the amount and severity of problems and challenges facing the Islamic Ummah is facing today, we as Muslims must not be allowed their desperation to find a place in our hearts and lives, because it is the worst thing that can happen to a people. Staying in Malaysia, I managed to hold a lecture by Saudi students at a local college of Islamic Studies, a subject about which I spoke, I gave the name of&#39;&#39;provocative&#39;&#39;sacred flame. In fact, the essence of the teaching contained in the message that none of us is trying to extinguish in his heart the feeling of pain, or pain better flame that burns within us. Why? And because it is positive that the pain would have to follow the honest and great effort revival and change for the better, not unreasonably, unplanned, uncontrolled and arbitrary action and reaction to the current situation. It also does not mean that you as a Muslim umisliš you a direct command of God and providence sent to you just change your status in society.
 No, never! Instead some of you there this little torch or lamp that will illuminate your life path, but also those around you and that you will encourage to do to build your personality, that odgajaš yourself and your family on the principles of Islam and to truly enjoy the life. Indeed, it is very important to live as creatures that are filled with positive energy and optimism. Add this article to your favorite online community, Hits: 362 Comments (0) RSS feed Comments Write a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 