Astipaleja or Astipalaja (Greek: Αστυπάλαια) is a Greek island and municipality in the Dodecanese group of islands in the eastern Aegean. The island has 1238 inhabitants per the 2001 census. year. The administrative headquarters of the island and the former main port of the Astipaleja or Hora, as the Greek custom of the locals call the island&#39;s main village. New major seaport built in Agios Andreas in the middle of the island from circulating it ships for Piraeus and other islands of the Dodecanese. The island has an airfield near the village of Maltese. The island was known by its Italian name, and Turkish Stampalia: İstanbulya. Contents [edit] Geographical features the longest part of the island is 18 km and 13 km wide, covering an area 97 km ² (the whole archipelago is 114 km ²). The municipality Astipaleja are many smaller uninhabited islets around Agia Vilko, Avgo, Clay, Zaforas, Kunupoi, Kucomiti, Mesonisi, Ofidusa, Plakida, Pontikusa, Stefania, Sirna, Fokionisia, Kondre and Kondronisi (all are unoccupied and the highest Cheese and Ofidusa).
 The coast is rocky but there are also numerous small small sandy beach. Astipaleja has the shape of a butterfly&#39;s wings, narrow coatings, divides the island into two parts. The western part is higher, for it is the highest peak of 482 m. The largest settlements are otačka: Astipaleja (or Hora (1,036), Maltese Analipsi or (149), Livadi (39), Vati (14). By the end | Hora 19th century was the only settlement on the island. [edit] History Astipaleja owes its name to Greek mythology, namely Astipalaja was one of the many women that stared Poseidon, he kidnapped her and obljubio wing-shaped fish with a torso leopard . [1] The island was colonized by immigrants from the city of Megara in Attica, and erected their own polis, from which many traces remain. And during the Roman rule Astipalea has maintained its autonomy. In the Middle Ages the island was ruled by Byzantium until the 1207th year, when after the Fourth Crusade became feudal possession of the Venetian noble families of Querini, as compensation for their involvement in the war.
 Queriniji ruling the island all to 1522. year, for the rule voje built a castle (still standing) and add the name of the island of his last name. Since then they have become Querini Stampalia (from Astipalea). After that, the island ruled by the Turks, all to 1912. years, with two brief periods - the 1648th the 1668th The island was occupied by the Venetian republic during the Candian War of Crete, and from the 1821st to 1828th year, when he joined the Greek and Astipalea rebels during the Greek War of Independence. Location map of the Dodecanese islands, however the peace treaty of the Dodecanese island group in Edirne was given to the Ottoman Empire 1829th year. Italian naval detachment took Astipaleju 12th April 1912. year (during the war in the Italian-Turkish war in Libya), it was the first island in the Dodecanese that is occupied by the Kingdom of Italy, he served as a springboard for the occupation of other islands of the Dodecanese.
  When reading the text of the agreement has the impression that this is a negotiable partner of the same forces, in reality it was a standard form contract which is the Roman empire, which has already dominated the Mediterranean, offering all the vassal states, which ensured the dominance of the Rome. Yet this is only an assumption, because a similar agreement is found, - it remains possible that Astepaleja had exclusive agreement with Rome. [Edit] Famous citizens [edit] Sources [edit] See also this [edit] External links Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astipalea Categories: Greek Islands | Dodecanese
 