According to the Croatian Employment Service unemployment rate in January 2010. has reached 17.7 percent, compared to 14.3 percent at the same time last year. The question is why these data differ from the Eurostat data, showing that the unemployment rate in Croatia in the same month, 10.9 percent [1]. It also raises the question of why, according to the same data, the unemployment rate in the EU is also relatively high (9.5 percent in January 2010.) And to explain the fact that some of the state, &quot;European club&quot;, like Spain (18.8 percent over the same period) and Latvia (22 percent), it seems, equally unsuccessful in combating these economic deviance. Can we help the EU in the fight against unemployment or the need to rely on yourself? Luka Brkic, Associate Professor of Political Science, doubt institutional mechanisms to force the EU to (currently) member states to impose structural changes in their economies.
 He believes that the arguments in favor of this thesis can be summarized into two basic groups: &quot;First, the scope of such reforms, the EU at the moment, the simplest way, no mechanisms. For now it only have a monetary policy, which is an important instrument of economic policy, but it is, that produced the right effect, it must act in coordination with other relevant public policies such as employment policies, fiscal policy, education ... In addition, we know that the Eurozone, or euro zone, does not cover everything, but only 16 of the 27 member states. Second, we must not forget the strong tradition of European welfare states, which will, through its institutional structure, and through their populations continue to strongly resist reforms that go in the direction of deregulation and liberalization of labor markets. &quot;&quot; When we talk about the situation in the Croatian economic system and the reasons why he, not only can not suppress unemployment, but also difficult to create new jobs [2], one should bear in mind that it is only a consequence of the continuity of economic policies since the Prime Minister Valentic, which is the common denominator of stabilization.
 Although there were some minor variations, all the Government had maintained continuity in four main areas: 1) exchange rate policies - exchange rate is a &quot;managed floating exchange rate, which is now moving in the fluctuations of + / - 5.5 percent, after which followed the intervention state, namely National Bank, 2) liberalization of trade, which is kept stable exchange rate, but without significantly favored importers and 3) fiscal policy, which the &quot;social character&quot; of our country&#39;s much harder to find investments, increases labor costs and reduced income tax , 4) monetary policy, which, as a result of interactions of other instruments of economic policy, left a job saver rate stability (and living standards). &quot;Brkic believes that in Croatia there is a kind of fixation on monetary policy and that it is illusory to expect that she can correct the weaknesses of the entire economic model: &quot;To expect that the economy is creating jobs without the interaction of fiscal, industrial, technological, and educational policy ...? concluded that breakthroughs can not and will not be until one of the government does not take responsibility:&quot; Painful cuts is difficult implemented in a situation where those social groups which take such cuts are not considered fair.
 Responsible government should represent the citizens come out with the naked truth. Contrary to the dominant opinion, which deemed that the government would show such courage would not necessarily suffered defeat at the next election. Quite the contrary. &quot;Teo Matkovic, Assistant Professor of Social Work at the University of Zagreb, is one of the most dedicated advocates of quality education as the key determinant of labor market outcomes. At the beginning warns:&quot; The najopćenitijoj level, education can be divided into general and vocational. General Education is difficult, and in my opinion, is neither desirable too tightly linked with the requirements of the economy because it primarily will be to lead to further education and acquiring new knowledge. On the other hand, vocational education should be directed primarily to the acquisition of skills and competencies and as such should be tightly linked with the requirements of the economy. It is a requirement that you hear very often on round tables, conferences and even the recent session of the Parliamentary Committee for Family, Youth and Sport, which dealt with the issue of youth unemployment.
  It may be useful in situations when the person left without a job and need retraining, or during his career, should further develop certain skills. However, young people who are just entering the labor market after eleven to seventeen years of regular schooling that they needed some guarantee of competence that does not help very much. However, there is a basis of solidarity and social inclusion of those who escaped the &quot;bad cards&quot; in the world of work. The best example of Scandinavian countries, especially Denmark and her infamous system of flexicurity. There, unemployed people, especially young people, if you can not find a job, have an obligation to further educate, with a built in system in which civil society plays an important role. If you respect the rules of the game, the unemployed receive relatively solid benefits over time. However, the results are somewhat ambivalent: many young people who pass through this system are major problems in finding a lasting and quality of employment.
 Specifically, often returning to the support system, moving over and so on. So, once again it should be noted: the damage that occurs to the moment of leaving people out of the formal education system is very difficult to repair later. Logically, then it should try to avoid the better coordination of the education system and labor market. &quot;Matkovic said that at the entry level model in the world of work in Europe there are three basic models:&quot; Liberal market model is predominantly based on the principle of competition and individual performance businesses . Education is the most general nature and is not coordinated with employers, vocational skills are mostly acquired by working in the organization, considering the liberal labor laws, beginning a career job and is easy to lose. The first deals were generally slightly weaker, but later everyone has a chance to advance. The converse of his model of coordinated market economies, where in the industrial and social dialogue, a coalition of employers, government and trade unions and professional organizations seek to coordinate the demands of the market with what is provided through the education of the workforce.
 An important part of education at all levels, through practice, internships and apprenticeships, aimed at certain places in the labor market and the transition was relatively painless. In such professional labor markets such as the German, Swiss, Austrian and Dutch, are a relatively young work quickly and in accordance with their education, regardless of the fact that workers enjoy a high level of social rights. Finally, the Mediterranean model is characterized by isolation and poor labor market dynamics on the one hand, and autarkical education system with very rare extra-curricular practices and without coordination with the labor market. &quot;Matkovic warns that this model, combined with poor coordination between the subjects of social policy (trade unions protecting insiders, employers unwilling to cooperate and try to shift costs, the government is unable to mediate or impose a solution), highly negative, especially for young people who are just entering the labor market: &quot;Rates of youth unemployment in Italy, Spain, Portugal, Greece and Croatia are clear evidence in support of this thesis, &quot;says Matkovic.
 From the previously said it would be easy to imply that it was part of a young population that could be particularly exposed to high unemployment due to economic crisis and the inherent weaknesses within the education system and employment policy. Such a statement is, unfortunately, is correct, at least as far as Croatian. For the first time the European Commission report on progress in the process of Croatian accession to the EU in the field, which refers to the ability of the Croatian economy to cope with competitive pressures, the Union&#39;s common market, the detected youth unemployment (p. 26) as one of the key weights in achieving this goal . Youth unemployment has been described as a &quot;structural problem&quot;, and amounted to 22 percent for youth under the age of 29 years. It is possible that such a definition of the problem and encouraged members of the Parliamentary Committee for Family, Youth and Sport to hold thematic session entitled &quot; Youth and unemployment. &quot;[4] Not exactly the happiest situation in Croatia, however, we asked Scarpiella Luc, a member of the Steering Committee of the European Youth Forum in charge of education, employment and social relations and the situation with youth unemployment in Europkoj Union.
 &quot;Youth unemployment is a strong increase. In December 2009. was for the young population to 25 years 21.4 percent compared to 16.9 percent over the same period last year. It is more than twice the rate of unemployment of the population! Perhaps the worst and the fact that the states that have before had serious problems with youth unemployment, such as Italy, Hungary, Portugal and Greece, the worst affected. This results in huge differences: in the Netherlands, youth unemployment is relatively low 7.6 percent, while in Spain completely exploded, and reaches 44.5 percent. [5] When asked to briefly present the position of the European Youth Forum against youth unemployment, states the following Scarpiello &quot;The Forum believes that the possibility of such bezbolnijeg transition from education to work and work in decent working conditions, fundamental rights that we strive to ensure all young Europeans, and Europe&#39;s.
 The biggest responsibility for this situation lies with the EU member states, namely the absence of their coordination. The reforms that are going to create all the freer European single market are not accompanied by a coherent strategy to eradicate unemployment in Europe and to improve working conditions for young people entering the labor market. Particularly frustrating is the fact that many officials have shrugged their shoulders at high rates of youth unemployment emphasizing their &quot;structural character.&quot; As an extremely valuable tool in the fight against nezaposlnosti youth in the EU, but also improve the position of young people in general, Scarpiello highlights the renewed European Youth Pact. &quot;It&#39;s intersectoral policy instruments adopted at the European Council 2005th in Brussels, a proposal to the Council of Ministers responsible for Youth. Pact is important for two main reasons: first, allow the young people for the first time are a key target group of European Union&#39;s strategy in the growth, development and employment.
 Second, it includes activities from more important areas of life for youth, such as employment, education, training and reconciliation of professional and private life. During the Great Depression, we believe that a document such as the European Youth Pact can play a key role. &quot;[1] The reason is the different methodologies of measurement of unemployment: while the rate of CES is based on administrative records (number of persons in the Department who are registered as unemployed), unemployment rates published by Eurostat are based on information provided by the Labour Force Survey (which methodology was consistent with standards of Eurostat and the International Labour Organization - ILO). should add that the Eurostat data for January 2010. only estimates (which are usually quite accurate). Last reliable data come from the third quarter of 2009. (ie, ending September). The average movement in the years can be found here.
 [2] In addition to the above rates of unemployment in Croatia, disturbing the CES data to which the employment rate (share of employees in the total population aged 15-64 years) in 2009. ranged around an average value of 56.7%. In addition, the activity rate, which is the share of labor force (employed plus those seeking employment) in the total population over 15 years, is disturbingly low. For example, in the second quarter of 2008. According to Central Bureau of Statistics, was 48.6%. For comparison, a year later, in the second quarter of 2009. fell to 48% in the third quarter to 47.3%. Information can be found on this site. [3] The article above points do not follow a systematic course of study, or the same level of comprehensiveness harder. [4] In general, the proportion of young people up to 29 years in total unemployment (CES data, therefore, we are talking about the registered unemployment rate) is around one third (average in 2009.
 was about 30.63%). However, it should be noted that it seems, looking at long-term statistics of the CES, that young people in crisis, share the fate of the rest of the working population. Specifically, it appears that differences in age were not significantly increased. However, the impact of the crisis within the young population is quite clear. Number of young people reported to the Department at the age of 20-24 years only in 2009. povećeo in about 9000, while those aged 25-29 years to around 10 000 [5] should be cautious in comparing different countries because of different age range that defines the young population. In the case of the above data we received from the European Forum (taken from Eurostat), this is a population of 15 to 24 Logically, the unemployment rate within that part of the population are primarily due to a more fundamental characteristics of the age cohorts, very few people within it completed higher education. In accordance with these data, youth unemployment in Croatia within the population of 15-24 (November 2009). Was over 27%.
 Previously pointed out the data for Croatia refer to the population of 15-29 years of life.
 