Chilean officials have fled to specify how long it can take a test, but said they are hoping to draw a miners to the surface before midnight local time. The miners were in the security chamber of the 700 meters for more than two months after the collapse of the shaft in a copper mine in San Jose, near the town of Copiapo in northern Chile. Golborne Minister had earlier warned that all the works have not yet finished, and announced a delay of at least two hours compared to the previous announcement schedule rescue. On the surface miners will be subjected to medical examinations, because they feared for so long stay underground exposed to infections, particularly in the lungs. Hundreds of family members of 33 miners at surface mines with excitement awaiting rescue, and this unique event followed a number of television crews from around the world and more than a thousand journalists. Follow the draw LIVE miners first miner to the surface Florencio Avalos, the first of 33 buried miners rescued on Wednesday morning (Tuesday night local time) in a safe in a tight metal capsule, marking the beginning of the end of the horrors that miners are experiencing more than two months .
 He came from 54 centimeters wide capsule Phoenix 2, developed by the Chilean Navy, after having safely passed the 622 meter long narrow passage. This is the first rtakva rescue from such depth is so large number of miners in the history of accidents underground. I was close to God and the Devil, but God wins! When Mario Sepulveda (40) emerged from the capsule he raised his hands high in the air and urliknuo. Smiling wife rushed him into a hug. - I was close to God and the devil. They fought, and God won - Sepulveda said, adding that much needs to change as far as working conditions in the country. With a son next to him who put his father on the head of a mining helmet, spoke to the whole world. - Please call your loved ones before they do something dangerous. Love is the most wonderful of all, love your parents and family - he said. While he was transported to a medical bed he asked his wife to the dog.
 Gathered friends, family, other miners and reporters shouted as he sang and clapped. It will meet every rescued miners. Mario on the surface did not come empty-handed. Brought the gift to their rescuers. From paper bags out several pieces of stones. - I do not want to be treated as a separate and glorify me as a star. I still want to be what I always did, a worker at the mine - said after the rescue Mario reporters. (Hina)
 