Aircraft Polish President Lech Kaczynski type Tupolev 154 fell Saturday morning at an airport in Russia&#39;s Smolensk. No one survived. The aircraft, besides the Polish president and his wife were, military brass, Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Polish central bank governor and other senior officials. Found the bodies of 97 victims of accidents, including 88 members of the Polish delegation that traveled on the anniversary of the liquidation of Polish soldiers in the Katyn forest. The bodies of all victims will be transported to Moscow. Tomorrow will be their relatives, and will begin the identification. Two black boxes were handed to investigators, and has already begun to listen to their expertise. Crash site was visited by the two countries&#39; Prime Ministers Vladimir Putin and Donald Tusk. Investigation into the crash 26 years old Tupoljeva will personally lead the Russian, who arrived on the scene for one with his deputy Sergei Ivanov and Minister for Emergency Situations Sergei Šojguom.
 Shortly before their arrival, found beside the remains of the aircraft body is slain with Polish President Lech Kaczynski. Damn Katinska forests, the most frequent comment about Poland&#39;s presidential plane crash in Russia. Croatia sympathizes with the Polish aircraft crashed in dense fog about two kilometers from the airfield in Smolensk. Approaching the runway for landing caught the trees, crashed and caught fire, and the fourth landing attempt, said Interfax. Belarusian aircraft flight control information is transferred to Russian control in this area, and large fog to land in Minsk, but the Polish pilots decided to fly towards Smolensk. The same was confirmed by a spokesman for the regional government of Smolensk. The plane was flying no more than 4 meters above the ground. He tried to rise. It is evident by the branches of trees to izdignuo to 10 feet off the ground, but he stood tall tree, which sealed the fate of the eminent names of Polish politics, army and church.
 World Kaczynski expresses its condolences to his wife and family of Polish officers by Stalin&#39;s police executed 70 years ago traveled to the Katin visited the graves of those killed. Plane in which the delegation traveled built in the 1960s and could carry over 100 passengers. BBC reports that even before in Poland suggested that state leaders need to buy new planes. Sadness and disbelief in Poland, Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski told Polish Radio that the prime minister Donald Tusk wept when he learned of the accident, and people began to spontaneously assemble in front of the presidential palace, where lay flowers and light candles. According to the Polish Constitution, the powers of the President Kaczynski takes the president of the Lower House of Polish Parliament (Sejm) Bronisław Komorowski. The government has announced that the latest two months held early presidential elections. In the meantime, Komorowski declared a week of national mourning for the tragedy.
 Jesus and Holy Mary, it is unthinkable tragedy, unthinkable accident, shouted by former Polish President Lech Walesa Having found out the plane crash. This is the second major accident in Katina. There, we tried to cut off the head, and now that also killed the elite of our country. This is a great loss, &quot;said the first Polish president after the fall of communism. Poland without the military leadership with regard to the fact that the plane were all top military commanders in the field this time without the military leadership. The aircraft had been Chief of Staff Gen. Franciszek Gagor, commander of the operational forces, General Bronislaw Kwiatkowski, commander of the Army, General Tadeusz Buk, commander of the Air Force, Andrzej Blasik, commander of the Navy Vice Admiral Andrzej Karweta and commander of the special Wojciech Potasinki. According to the rules of the Polish army, in the case that commanders are not able to serve them automatically change their deputies.
 So will today hold an emergency session of the military leadership.
 