Today&#39;s financial order is arranged so that money is created out of debt through loans and these loans are based on bank reserves, and reserves are derived from deposits and through frakcionalni every deposit reserve system can create up to ten, in some combinations, and twenty times greater than the initial value. Bank lending in this way create money from nothing, but that it might have to have a minimum liquidity - the drug business because it is illegal and carries out nearly 100% in cash, a source of liquidity is required to be in this manner may continue to create new new money and earning interest through which all the loans and therefore all the money encumbered. This is very important when talking about the importance of sustained money through drug trafficking, because the knowledge of how the deposits of banks with loans to be multiplied to become clear why the drug money laundry is the most profitable of all banking operations.
 It is estimated that today on drugs turned some 900 billion. $, And this money must somehow put back into the financial system and, of course, perform bank. And in a way that of those 900 billion. $ Frakcionalnim back-up systems that amount to grow 10 to 20 times and then talk about 9-18 trillion $ arising from the drug trade. And it&#39;s nothing new for the world financial system is hooked to the dependence on drug money since the time of the British Empire and the so-called. opijumskih wars, when the mid-19 century China was imposed by force of arms imports of opium from India. Also, no less important, any increase in the stock of corporate profit multiplied speculative shareholders value. For example, if General Electric realize increased profits in Latin America of $ 10 million, which are earned by selling drugs, it is for this company shows the increasing value of ca. $ 300 million. So at the end of the spectrum of cash back are the biggest profiteers from the drug trade bank and the stock market that still manage - the bank.
 The whole story started from the British Empire, or the creation of the first East-Indian company 1598th (East India Company) as a proto-corporations, and then the Bank of England 1694th, that in the banker-corporate tandem continues to go in gradually achieving a monopoly over the entire world in a way that introduced the model of private monopoly over money and property gradually , willingly or by force, imposed by anyone who can. Very quickly discovers that the opium trade is extremely profitable, but it is also destructive to the society which suits those who want to their victims - and to the entire nation, one by one - they are less capable defensively. After the battle of Plassya 1757th year in which Britain annexed Bengal to his empire, the East India Company began to create a monopoly on the production and export of opium from India. Monopoly is achieved already 1773rd when the British Governor of Bengal annulled opium trade union in Patna.
 Over the next fifty years the opium trade was crucial for the East India Company in its mastery of the Indian subcontinent. In 1797th The company further tighten its grip on the opium trade by imposing a direct trade between farmers and the British opium eliminating any role Bengal merchants. British opium exports to China grew by an estimated 15 tons 1730th year to some 75 tons 1773rd year, although much more realistic that is several times higher, especially if we compare the area under opium and estimates of return on them. In any case, but these 1820-China imported more than 900 tons of opium annually Bengal with rising trend. The whole time the Chinese, seeing how much opium is fatal for them, trying to reduce and eventually eliminate the one-way trade, that all culminated in the 1839th attempt to weaken the central government in Beijing to ban all imports of the decree of opium into China.
 Britain is responding by engaging its navy and army, and so we have the first Opium War, which ended the 1842nd Beijing&#39;s defeat and acceptance by the shameful conditions that are imposed on them by the British. So it is not today&#39;s Hong Kong - as a transshipment port for the force of arms to impose import of opium and there, of course, immediately developed banking with Bank of England as a bank, all banks that has all along exercised unexpected earnings on trade in opium. Even then, the British banking as seeds of today&#39;s banking world has become totally dependent on the opium trade - now all the illegal trade of narcotics such as heroin, cocaine, marijuana and various modern synthetic drugs. Simply, if the Bank of England - which is private property a few families headed by the British royal house and the famous Rothschild banking family - and its various subsidiaries under various other names without their opium-narcotics income, the bank would rapidly become insolvent and have experienced the collapse&#39;&#39;because of the storming of the bank&#39;&#39;when all who have deposits in banks rush to raise the same each bank collapses.
 There is no bank in the world immune from the phenomenon of&#39;&#39;assault&#39;&#39;on the bank and it is widely known. That&#39;s why the same owners of banks and the media, and corporations, because the media monopoly is essential in maintaining the illusion of banking. Everything is owned by a small circle of people who have vertical and horizontal monopoly, including the monopoly of politics because the politicians and the entire democratic system purchased their power of money and a monopoly position in the economy. Second Opium War (1856th-1860th) to be the only rebroadcasts the reruns and the end result, but is useful as an indicator of how China wanted to break away from the clutches of the British opium and how Britain was once again brutally imposed by all means an interest under opium gangs cloak of legitimacy and prestige of the crown, the banks and corporations. Today the United States, which have since 1913. the Federal Reserve System, whose owners are the same ones who own the Bank of England, they do not even hide that in fact produce the opium in Afghanistan to allow its export to the world drug market.
 Just as the fact is declassified when it comes to the Vietnam War when thousands of tons of heroin were transferred to the U.S., but worldwide, primarily in the West. 1996. was declassified that the CIA directly responsible for the epidemic of crack-cocaine and the CIA even gave dealers recipes how to produce the same. They are now officially confirmed by the data. Most drugs are transported to the U.S. military transports under the supervision of the CIA, a paradox and absurdity is that the police repression within the United States pursued the consumers of those same drugs, although primarily targeted at consumers of Indian hemp, called. marijuana, while the heavier consumers of drugs such as heroin, cocaine or crack in some strange way, are under less attack police apparatus. The reason is simple: money, ie profits, as consumers of heroin or cocaine they have to buy from a monopolist, while the Indian hemp can grow almost everywhere and thus not suitable for this dirty game of achieving an absolute monopoly of world power.
 Therefore, the government recognizes the public says that the patriotic grow opium in Afghanistan because it supposedly helps the local population and prevent the Taliban to gain in popularity, because, as it is the fight against terrorism, that this same power at the same time filling the prisons due primarily to drug-related crime. As noted above, while at the same time governments, banks and corporations take into account the drugs and create a whole culture that, on the other hand operates a strict repressive apparatus at the end of which are private prisons owned banks, which in essence serve as a source of cheap labor. That is, an elegant way to masses of people on the door brought into the state of slaves forced to work the worst jobs for their owners. Drug dealer finds for drugs, then put the man in their private jail where he worked for the Egyptian Vulture of some 25 cents per hour for taking away jobs rest of the population and bringing down labor costs even more than it can be illegal immigrants who work illegally.
 The U.S. has the largest prison population in the world of 2.5 million prisoners in these profit-slaves of the same banks which earn the laundering drug money. And it&#39;s not some new thing, that opium cultivation in Afghanistan under the auspices of the U.S. Army and NATO forces, who wished he could know this, but so far it denied or ignored some of them by ignoring those who are pointing to. But now it has become mainstream news that Reuters, AP, Fox News, CNN and other global media under the justification of the style &#39;We have to grow opium and export it out to prevent Al Qaeda to do so and take an money for terrorist activities&#39;. But there is no speech nor the investigation who is now the one who collects the money and where to do all of this opium is exported? Why is staging an attack 11.09. that would then be occupied Afghanistan? Simply, primarily due to 500 billion. $ Opium annually, and before the occupation, the Taliban government, production was less than 50 billion.
 $, Primarily in the areas that the Taliban did not control. It was called. Northern Alliance came from the incumbent president of Afghanistan, Karzai, whose brother is one of the major planter in Afghanistan and - confirmed by official bodies - Associate CIA and under its direct protection. It is entirely possible that the Taliban knew about the dependence of the world financial system on drug money and they wanted to destroy the same and they went well because the banks&#39; liquidity significantly reduced and had something urgent to do - and so it was&#39;&#39;a struggle&#39;&#39;against terrorism, The main villain is Bin Laden who is the product of the CIA and whose family business is closely tied to Bush. Too many coincidences have to be random. In short, Afghanistan under occupation: 1 to gain control over the production of opium; 2 the Unocal pipeline and oil pipeline that would transport was conducted from the source to the Caspian Sea and Central Asia to the Indian Ocean, third
 the arms trade and profits that the war achieved military-industrial complex; 4 due to mining and mineral stocks, especially gold and 5 the strategic position which is controlled by the space between Russia and China in Central Asia. Therefore, it is an undeniable fact that the Anglo-American establishment has the world&#39;s biggest drug dealers. The British East India Company had a world monopoly on opium, and thus enriched the British crown, and whole-wealthy aristocratic elite. Also, later on the same principles in the United States create a monopoly organization at Yale 1832nd known as the Red Skull and bones. It is part of common knowledge of history - that the Red Skull and bones were gang drug dealers in expensive suits and with university degrees. Only then is the opium of the United States was entirely legitimate thing, a red skull and bones is operated so that the position was won by the government and the armed forces of the U.S. Navy performed by pirate attacks on those who they were competition and thus quickly gained a monopoly and thus all the profits.
 From here, and their name and symbol as they were designed from the beginning of piracy, ie, murder and robbery. They just renting bribery warships to like pirates love to liquidate all those who tried to bring the opium in the United States. And then all circled around to achieve a monopoly by any means necessary. Similar to how the company worked with the De Beers diamond industry. They are also hunted in Africa and across the mercenaries killed all those who dig the diamonds, and did not want to sell them on their terms. The same form to everyone and everywhere, to paraphrase Wolf. The war against drugs launched after Prohibition in the 1930s. Structures assembled primarily about the Order of the skull and bones that were in store opium and cocaine, to be a commercial interest lobby, he traveled throughout the United States to privolio states and the federal government to establish legislation that opium, heroin and cocaine placed outside the law.
 Until then, it is sold in the grocery store as well as in pharmacies and at that time drastically fewer people were using these substances when they were legal and fully accessible. When they made illegal, the price they surged, profits have increased and the monopoly has been secured. So, when there was no alcohol prohibition was immediately created narcotic prohibition to the bank, criminals and corrupt structures of government could continue with their lucrative jobs. So the authorities and related gang uvažale narcotics while deliberately created the whole drug culture. The same Yale and that same Red Skull and bones is a major nursery staff in the CIA and who was transporting opium from the U.S. for the Vietnam war: how are caught doing it numerous times, so. Air Shuttle America, and it has a litigation and congressional investigations. 1996 is the CIA&#39;s Inspector General admitted that the majority of cocaine, which was created Krack-cocaine epidemic (especially dangerous addictive product that more than all the others).
 The most famous case of the Iran-contra, from the beginning of the 1980s during the Reagan, when it was shown that the CIA engaged in drug trafficking and arms simultaneously. The CIA, however, occurred in 1947. Enactment of national security who wrote Clark Clifford lawyer and banker on Wall Street. Brothers Allen and John Dulles, who designed the CIA and then the same for many years led the way, were also lawyers, Wall Street out of Sullivan &amp; Cromwell. And this form of direct connection between the leadership of the CIA and the banks and corporations is unbroken to this day. Also, Congress passed legislation DEA (Drug Administration Enfrocement) can suppress the washing drug money, but, and this is what an incredibly - the company on Wall Street are explicitly exempted from these controls. They have legal immunity passed in the Congress. This essentially means that the DEA just watch them one of their&#39;&#39;no&#39;&#39;zakine in this whole drug business. As when the mafia don is controlled by his subordinates that do not restrict him for his share of which belong to the hierarchical structure.
 All this is a perversion of mega-proportions and only in heavily immersed evil human individuals can do something like this and also hypocritical to the whole world to lie and pretend to be some kind of humanitarians and benefactors of mankind. However, when you see that it is not a problem to reveal all, the conclusion that the guilt and all those who, before this evil, close my eyes and turn your head for any reason. England crown at the top of the chain as opium to the top of the New World Order. So let&#39;s find someone who can justify the idea of globalization and the idea of the EU as part of the whole process of creating a global prison where we all planned to be slaves imagined the size, people-gods who walk the earth. Croatia and Croats must resolutely say that freedom, and only through an independent and sovereign country can preserve its freedom. No compromise, never was and never will be.
 Decides between the two crowns which will donate: opium crown of thorns, or pozemljara Lord. AUTHOR: Mark Francišković www.markofranciskovic.com
 