Today in Afghanistan will be held parliamentary elections, but unlike the time of the Taliban regime, is now a place for fighting in Parliament even 402 women. Among them is certainly the most famous 39-year-old Shukria Barakazai, rare feminists in Afghan society that fought for the rights of women during the Taliban&#39;s reign of terror. - I stayed in Kabul when the Taliban captured the city, broke my studies I attended and sneaked into the house. I was not too active, but the decisive moment occurred 1999th when I got sick and went to the doctor. Taliban intercepted me on the street and izbičevali since I appeared at a public place without a male escort - said Sh. Barakazai for BBC News. After scourging decided to fight against the regime, and it is best able to make schooling the children that the Taliban wanted to keep in ignorance. - I founded an illegal school in Kabul, where I teach both girls and boys.
 I knew that only the educated generation can overthrow the Taliban regime - said Sh. Barakazai. However, the fall of the Taliban came two years after the intervention of NATO forces, and Shukria only a few months after the first landing of Marines in the country founded the feminist magazine Aina-e-Zan. Although its editors did not have a computer, and all communication is conducted by fax, Aina-e-Zan in a short time made the name of provocative issues about the status of women in Afghan society. The journal has become so influential that in 2004. International news organization World Press Review named Shukri Barakazai editor of the year, and this reporter first ran for parliament. - I knew I must be the voice of the silent majority - said Sh. Barakazai having won his first term. Upon entering the parliament, her husband, a millionaire with whom he has three daughters, unannounced, was brought home another wife. - I was terribly hurt, no one ever asked me anything.
 Since then, I started with the campaign in order to Afghan aware that do not fit the position of other women - said Sh. Barakazai that 2014th plans to run for the first president of Afghanistan.
 