IMF should arrive as soon as possible! Alternative to many years of decline, emigration of youth and the collapse of the pension, health, education and infrastructure activities. In general it should not be questioned. Similarly, Greece, the devil came by svoje.Vec us standing at the door. But the IMF is greater babaroga. Buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu! What is done to eliminate it? Taking loans in U.S. $, while it was very cheap, and obviously this will be a permanent news for Monty Python. The idea that will cheapen the $ before the debt tango, and began the first large European country is humorous in itself. Already this commotion in Greece and is almost probably the relaxed southern Spain and Portugal showing the decay of the € vs. $. Aka for $ ought to be more €. This trend has a chance ustaljivanja perspective, if not even worst case and $ daljenjeg strengthening. But &quot;we do not need the IMF,&quot; and we continue to review a ton of ... Seven-year Eurobonds in the amount of 500 million euros reach the 24th charge
 February 8th and has already March Ministry of Finance shall pay to the domestic bond issue of three billion. Another late last year, Finance Minister Ivan Suker said that their intention is to cover foreign debts by borrowing abroad, and domestic obligations to refinance the home. For payments that come in part will be used money collected last fall release $ 1.5 billion of bonds in the U.S., and will serve the recently approved World Bank loan of 200 million euros, the Jutarnji list. What is missing Ministry of Finance will collect in early March in the domestic market. However, the Ministry of Finance must ensure and about 8.5 billion to finance the budget deficit. When will the Croatian delegation sent by the foreign tour of loans, not yet defined, but in financial circles is referred to the spring, in April or May. Like last fall, it is quite likely that there will Suker set off to America for money.
 American investors, most buyers in recent Croatian bonds, have recently been in, the tour of southeast Europe, visited Croatia. In discussions with local representatives of the financial sector have left the impression that Croatia will gladly continue to lend. Ministry of Finance must ensure and about 8.5 billion to finance the budget deficit. However, analysts believe that for these purposes still have more money, Jutarnji list. Repetition is the mother of science because once again: the Ministry of Finance must ensure and about 8.5 billion to finance the budget deficit. So to be dismissed completely secure 70 000 of these bureaucrats now 8.5 billion. Kuna should posudjivati.Ali when the vessel will require them to return. The question is-who? Companies, sitnozubani through VAT, etc. It is important not to lose votes, and everything else ...... Or operation is successful, only the patient - is dead.
 That will lend a hand to the second shaft. What are you spending to improve conditions in health, science and education, and elsewhere as possible? Smaller and smaller ... Since it is &quot;taking a loan in order to restore the old loans&quot; policy continues, and that the costs do not reduce government spending, it is obvious to us tomorrow to greet greeted support from EU-style: MARC, MUNICH, GERMANY: I say don &#39; Greece t give any money until they not only reduce the debts they build up each year but until they effectively reduce the total of their state&#39;s debts. I do not even care how they do it, but I do not see why other Europeans should work so that the Greeks can live above their means. Neither I Marcus, I do not ... Who does not know or will not reduce a budget eaters to leave the IMF. It does not matter what color cat, but that good catches mishevi. IMF NOW! Tweet Related Sites More from this user Tags
 