The results of the survey results Ivo Sanader of Croatia will be extradited: 112 visitors voted to return to vote on Tokyo&#39;s Nikkei stock index fell to 7 hours of 0.6 percent, while stock prices in India, Australia, South Korea, Hong Kong and Singapore weakened between 0 , 1 and 0.5 percent. In Shanghai, Malaysia and other Asian stock markets stock prices have risen slightly and is about 7 hours MSCI index of Asia-Pacific stock, no Japanese, was plus 0.3 percent, mostly due to price increases in the mining sector. Share prices of Australian mining giants BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto rose about 1 percent as investors hoped that the proposed tax on the profits of mining companies could be rejected if the Liberal Party came to power. At yesterday&#39;s parliamentary elections, in fact, neither the ruling Labour nor the opposition Liberal Party did not receive a majority vote that the government could draw, and will need to seek coalition partners.
 Japanese Nikkei index is under pressure, however, because of the strengthening yen, which hurts local exporters who lose the price range of competitiveness in world markets. This morning, Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan and central bank governor Masaaki Shirakawa phone talking about the yen exchange rate and economic situation and told the public that they will work closely on these issues. But this message does not mean much to investors, and did not significantly affect the market. &quot;Governments around the world allow their currencies weaken. If no action is taken Japan, the yen could strengthen further, which would adversely affect the shares,&quot; said Masahiko Sato, a director at Nomura Securities Company. This morning on the currency markets the dollar weakened against the yen by 0.3 percent, and is the rate fell to 85.35 yen. The U.S. currency has weakened slightly and the European and the euro rate rose to 1.2709, as it was on Friday at $ 1.2713. Oil prices strengthened slightly this morning, and returned to above the level of $ 74 per barrel.
 However, due to investor fears that the weakening of the world&#39;s biggest economies lead to a drop in demand for oil, the price of &#39;black gold&#39; fails to be a significant move away from the lowest level in six weeks.
 