&quot;The Croatian government is now safely located in front izazovimanas completely different than before - at a time when the EU approached Bulgaria and Romania, and Poland. In all previous accession negotiations, has never existed except for brodgradnju as one of the industries, because it would not be necessary. Then we had a relatively healthy market environment and the shipyards were able to create their own future. Today it&#39;s different, &quot;said Reinhard Luken, secretary general of the Association of European shipyards CESA, which has 14 members, among them Croatia. As never before in history, &quot;We must now take into account that the market environment for shipbuilding in the world so bad as it probably never in its history. In a situation where the demand in the last 18 months at a level of only 15 percent compared to the state in 2007. year, it is unlikely that an investor could invest their money in the shipyards. &quot;
 This is how bad the situation Croatian authorities can not solve, Luken believes, therefore, the privatization process in the present moment without great success. &quot;What is needed, to the European solutions. Since 2003 we have a European shipbuilding policy and she did pioneering work for a sectoral industrial policy. &quot; CESA trying to enrich the political process and it is on this path must go and participate and Croatia. Since 2003, Croatia is involved in this process, but the solutions in the future, Croatia will have to intensify our engagement. Better than three of five shipyards Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Reinhard Luken, secretary general of European Shipbuilders Association (CESA), &quot;My main advice for the present moment is that Croatia has to concentrate on investments in those shipyards which are likely to be successful because it makes no sense to build all 5 existing shipyards should build them in a way that can compete in the future.
 Smarter would be to concentrate investment on maybe three of the five shipyards, &quot;Luken holds. He also commented on the decision of the Croatian Government to extend the deadline for the privatization of Croatian brodgradilišta for another month - until 19 May. &quot;The delay is a step in the right direction, but it is not enough. I do not believe that 30 days to any substantial change. &quot; Luken explains that to be understood that this branch has a great chance for the future. The chances of the market in new areas, not only naval and marine traffic, but in many new areas in the sphere of naval engineering and technology. The very offer great potential for growth that can be used by Croatian companies, warns Luken. However, &quot;the current gaps and lack of demand are too big and not to predict that it will change for a month, on the contrary, it is clear that this will not happen.&quot; The Secretary-General CESA-e believes that it will take at least another year or two to recover.
 The Association of European brodogradiliošta argue that the Commission should consider the privatization takes time. On the other hand, Luken understands that the privatization process in Croatia has been going on for some time and it is understandable that in a moment it must make the cut. Luken agrees that it is very difficult political issue. Due to unresolved political issues between Croatia has lost a very important year, when the shipbuilding industry flourished. Shipbuilding industry in Croatia missed a most positive and successful period. No need to look far into the future and look for concepts that can help the Croatian shipbuilding industry and at the same time ensure that competitiveness in Europe. Croats are good, hardworking, quality builders Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Croatian shipbuilders are enjoying high reputation in svijetuNa question whether Croatia bodogradilišta seems to operate successfully in the future, Luken replied: &quot;Croats are good specialists in shipbuilding, have a long tradition and well-educated shipbuilders who are diligent, reliable and capable workers.
 I personally had the opportunity to see in all Croatian brodgradilištima. Therefore, the answer is yes, Croatian shipyards have a look in the future, &quot;Luken said, adding that the chances offered by the market, able to take advantage of the Croatian company. But this process will take, and optimism is in Croatia is compromised because there are big problems and the backlog in investment. &quot;We need a big effort, but the forecasts are positive and appeal to identify opportunities and to seize all means.&quot; Model for Restructuring the East German shipyards example for Croatia?
 