07.06.2010. / 16:26 Author: Vedrana Rudan Vedrana Rudan: How pickin dim from Gaza and finally came to the Croatian Until yesterday, we are the whole world bowed and apologized, why are we still the bad guys? Because those are the Turks on that ship at close range shot in the head? Wait a minute, my many years of close-shoot in the head and there was no sweat? What happens? Vedrana RudanKad&#39;m a year and a half on Nova TV questioned why the smoke above the eternal smoke of Auschwitz, and the smoke over Gaza pickin dim I was sacked, and almost all of Croatian journalists have been my poor head poured tar and feathers borrowed. Famous Croatian Jewish brothers who have sixty years following the development of the Ustasha movement in Croatia have declared me a witch. Compare Gaza to concentration camps? Even among the U.S. State Department put on one of their infamous list. All but just something that everyone in Croatia speak, write or piskaraju declared me &quot;anti-Semite.&quot;
 I did my best to translate what that means but I am by the amount of saliva that was in my direction come together, especially journalists morning, I realized that I do not write well. And look at me now? I came on your own? I could walk around and scream in the ears of many colleagues, hey, guys, hey, girl, what I said about a year and a half now tells the whole world. Even more, the Croatian journalists, writing in the Gaza camp, so there in terrible living conditions and a half million residents in the area &quot;the size of brothers.&quot; Colleagues, where you &quot;Brac&quot;? How do you know how big the Gaza Strip and how do people live? Were you there? I bet, even on the island have not been. But just you worry, the details do not matter, these days bears spitting on the walls. And you see, I, instead of looking around to pay someone mental anguish of the old year and a half, I feel sorry for the Jews. They not only poor Kuze to kill aid worker is no longer polite to stop ships carrying cement and wheelchairs will not work forever because it ships to Gaza, sending American and they never give up.
 For now, simply send a message to the Jews, peace, brother, peace. A poor Jews in shock rightly wonder, where did we go wrong? Until yesterday, we are the whole world bowed and apologized, why are we still the bad guys? Because those are the Turks on that ship at close range shot in the head? Wait a minute, my many years of close-shoot in the head and there was no sweat? What happens? Comparing the five, six, or ask God how many dead Turkish humanitarian with millions of Jews killed, where is the balance? To me a hundred years every day of the year kill hundreds of humanitarian and drowned thousands of ships carrying a wheelchair for the Gaza Strip, if we collected what our ancestors have passed? Not even close. So we shot those Ottoman Turks in the head at close range, and therefore we will not allow Nobel Laureates around ships transporting wheelchairs. Neither cement. After all, they are there in Gaza are living much better than those they from Turkey, Ireland and ask God where countries sending aid.
 Instead of the world to be satisfied that somewhere on the globe and a half million people in the area &quot;the size of Brac&quot; live help while everyone else has to bloody work, mad world of rising to his feet and wants Gaza to kidnap the right to an easy life? Of course, that Jews are disgusted and dirty blow to them under the dog located a Muslim, who will, if not a Muslim, Obama. This is an Obama told Larry King that &quot;it is impossible for the inhabitants of Gaza siege of economic progress.&quot; ! But that&#39;s not all. Egyptian Administrative Court decided that the Egyptians married to Israeli citizenship to lose, not only they but also their children. Oh, boy, I reminded you on this one? He repeats the old story. Nasty, wicked world, to an anti-Semite anti-Semite on one side and the poor Jews in the second. Still have Gaza, soon will have, will experience what we are talking of their most picturesque curse, May you have so gone. I wonder why the Americans decided to close the largest concentration camp in the world, sorry, unblock Gaza? Because a similar camp will open somewhere else.
 Americans are people whose main job found gauze. Ameri, Ameri, mercy, mercy! Just do not Brac, Brac is not! Neeeeee Braaaaaaaaač! rudan.info
 