Last week dolarov index, which shows the value of the U.S. in relation to the six major world currencies, declined 0.3 percent to 80.77 points. Here is the exchange rate of the euro against the U.S. currency on a weekly basis has remained virtually unchanged - at around $ 1.3500. However, the price of the dollar against the Japanese currency fell 1.1 percent to 92.15 yen. And the euro is the Japanese currency weakened 1.1 percent, and is the price fell to 124.40 yen. At the beginning of the week the euro is stronger, thanks to the eurozone finance ministers agreed last weekend on financial assistance to Greece. If necessary, Athens will be available 30 billion euros of loans, with an additional 15 billion from the International Monetary Fund (IMF). With such support, the Greek government on Monday without any problems sold treasury bills with maturities of 6 and 12 months, collecting a total of 1.56 billion euros. As a result, the euro exchange rate held up earlier this week about the level of $ 1.37.
 However, half of the week the euro once again came under pressure as investors began looking for clarification regarding the plan to help Greece. &quot;Ends in fact did not change the fundamental belief that Greece is waiting for a difficult period. This country presses deep crisis due to be the debt-GDP ratio to increase further,&quot; said economist Ben May from Capital Economcsa. This was confirmed by the European Central Bank (ECB) Jean-Claude Trichet, saying that the current situation with the Greek Banks still tough, and that could additionally worsen. &quot;Despite promises by the Heads of State and Government of the eurozone showed March 25 and April 11, and the determination by the Greek government has signaled regarding the implementation of adaptation measures announced for 2010., Tensions in financial markets persist,&quot; said Trichet. On Friday, the euro price dropped again to $ 1.35, amid concern investors after the announcement that Athens began preparing the ground to make a formal request for financial assistance from the EU and the IMF.
 &quot;We take all preparatory steps to activate the package of financial assistance,&quot; he said on Friday, Greek Prime Minister Georgi Papandreou, announcing Monday for talks with representatives of the eurozone and the IMF. Analysts warn that the debt situation in which they are found Greece and some European countries could seriously undermine the confidence of investors in Europe. &quot;The situation around Greece continues to undermine the euro,&quot; said Stuart Bennett, an analyst at Credit Agricole bank. On the other hand, Japan&#39;s currency has strengthened considerably and the European and the U.S. currency as investors seek safe haven for their capital, given the uncertainty in equity markets after the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has accused the financial giant Goldman Sachs for cheating investors because to them when selling a financial product linked to subprime mortgages, has not presented all the facts regarding this product.
 