Serbia has held the UN General Assembly has requested that the issue of Kosovo&#39;s independence declaration sent to the International Court of Justice - and of course I hope the attitude that the Kosovo declaration of independence is not in accordance with international law. Minister of Foreign Affairs of Serbia Vuk Jeremic, as quoted by local media, believes that it would be a &quot;moment of truth, Pristina warning that unilateral act can not change international law.&quot; On the other hand, Kosovo President Fatmir Sejdiu said that the International Court of Justice can not be give an opinion that went against the will of Kosovo people and their desire for independence. Minister of Foreign Affairs of Kosovo Skender Hyseni said he expects many states around the world to recognize Kosovo after the International Court of Justice publishes its opinion. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift : Serbia&#39;s hopes for the court to support the stubborn attitude BeogradaSrbija believes that after the court&#39;s opinion can initiate a discussion in the General Assembly of the United Nations in efforts to reopen negotiations on the status of Kosovo.
 According to diplomatic sources in the EU, such efforts would lead Serbia in Belgrade clashes with major Western countries that recognized Kosovo. This could have a negative impact on Serbia&#39;s efforts to make progress on the path of European integration. Kosovo battle in the European Union debate before the International Court of Justice on the legal arguments in favor of or against Kosovo&#39;s independence has also shown large differences between most EU member states that have recognized Kosovo, and five members who are not. Germany, Great Britain, France, Netherlands and many other countries, presented their written or oral arguments in favor of Kosovo&#39;s independence before the judges of the International Court of Justice. On the other hand, Spain, Romania, Slovakia and Cyprus were in the group along with Russia, China, Bolivia, Venezuela and others, which argue that Kosovo&#39;s declaration of independence was not established in international law. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Kosovo hopes priznanjaNova new wave of debate in the UN General Assembly and about the independence of Kosovo could turn into a danger that EU members show their disunity over the common foreign and security policy: &quot;If the EU does not Let us eat voice can speak about Kosovo, which is part of Europe where the EU is largely engaged in the economic and political field and in the missions of the rule of law, then it becomes less credible and the Union&#39;s common foreign policy towards the rest of the world, &quot;said one EU diplomat a.
 Adverse decisions are no one will keep their independence Kosovo declared 17.veljače 2008 and has recognized the independence of 69 countries, including 22 members of the European Union. Opinion of the International Court of Justice advisory nature and not binding on any country. Even Serbia, which has requested the opinion, said it will respect the result if not in her favor. Countries that have recognized Kosovo, they feel it is their sovereign right and gave it clear that it will not change my opinion. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Europe is a &quot;heads up&quot; involved in development and security of Kosovo, but still not over her nezavisnosti.Europska harmonious union in recent days to prepare an appropriate response after the International Court of Justice to render its opinion. Expected to be Kosovo and the opinion of the court be the topic of discussion next meeting of the Council of Ministers of Foreign Affairs on Monday, 26 July and that the EU will support a new dialogue between Kosovo and Serbia, but that will not accept the new status negotiations.
 However, even on this issue seems to be no consensus among EU member states. European Parliament resolution on Kosovo adopted by ten days ago, called for the recognition of Kosovo&#39;s those EU countries which have not yet done so. Author: Alen Chemistry of Re Brussels. ed: A. Subic
 