29/09/2010 | Word | Share This Chevrolet prime segment in the European utility vehicle / family vans - Orlando - will be one of the main attractions at the fair Mondial de l&#39;Automobile in Paris on 30th Based on the concept model was first introduced in Paris just 2008th, Chevrolet Orlando, a family car with attitude. This compact seven-seater crossoverskog striking design with its flexible interior and a great value really is a car for every occasion. From family vacations and shopping in the city, to sports activities and driving out of pure pleasure, Orlando offers plenty of space and style for everyone. &quot;To care of a family, it takes a lot of energy and versatility,&quot; says Wayne Brannon, president and CEO of Chevrolet Europe. &quot;Orlando&#39;s interesting design and functionality will reflect the modern family.&quot; Orlando is the perfect companion for families with modern, fast lifestyle.
 With a wide range of possible configurations of the seat, this seven-seater Chevrolet can quickly turn into one of the widest in the minivan class and serve for the transport of larger loads. Orlando also offers an innovative solution for storing things you usually travel with a typical modern family. While most appealing design of multi-purpose vehicle has unimpressive appearance, which is fully operational convenience, Orlando stands out with modern lines. Chevrolet&#39;s new addition to the family car has a specific and recognizable face of Chevrolet, which is characterized by split grille and emblem in the form of bow-tie. Seen in profile, Orlando has a lowered roof line and dynamic silhouette inspired by the crossover model. Creative interior Inside, the theater schedule Orlandovih three rows of seats will surely attract the attention of all lovers of quality cars to families. The second and third row seats are elevated so passengers of all ages can enjoy excellent visibility from the front and sides.
 New Orlando comes with a whole series of compartments of various sizes and shapes located in the center console, front and rear doors, rear cargo space even on the roof. Perhaps the most innovative storage space hidden behind the grille audio system which is accessed by turning the mask. Within reach the driver and front passenger, this storage space is large enough to store things such as MP3 player, sunglasses or wallet, and includes a USB port for charging MP3 player or iPod while driving. The interior of the new Orlando also feature the most modern design elements specific to Chevrolet as a dual cockpit of the Corvette, and blue ambient backlighting the center console. The first of seven new models for Chevrolet&#39;s centenary 2011. We will commemorate the centenary of the existence of Chevrolet, and Orlando is the first of seven new models that will be worthy of this great celebration of the anniversary.
 Orlando will be one of four Chevrolet&#39;s world premiere at the Paris Motor Show. The car will go on sale across Europe early 2011. year. About Chevrolet Chevrolet is the leading global brand of General Motors&#39; annual sales of over 4.5 million vehicles in more than 130 countries. It is the fourth largest global brand when it comes to sales and also one of the fastest growing brands in the world. Chevrolet distinctive design, performance and technology to deliver best value for money in every segment in which it is present. After re-launching the brand in Europe 2005th The Chevrolet has doubled sales to over 500,000 units in 2008. The new Chevrolet Aveo model includes a small, compact Cruze sedan, SUV Captiva and mid great Epic. The all-new Matiz city car will be launched in early 2010. year. Chevrolet&#39;s largest market in Europe, Russia, Spain, Italy, United Kingdom and Germany.
 Brand was founded by Swiss immigrant Louis Chevrolet 1911th year and will soon celebrate its centenary with the launch of revolutionary electric car with extended-range - the Chevrolet Volt. More information on Chevrolet can be found at the web site and http://www.chevroleteurope.com http://media.chevroleteurope.com.
 