Miep Gies was probably the last living the good fairy of the Jewish Frank family during World War II. She was in her house in Amsterdam offered refuge then 13-year Anne and her family fleeing the persecution of Nazi forces. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Anne Frank in her diary of Anne Frank Miep Gies writes: &quot;Teglila a burden like an ass. Almost every day by some miracle managed to get vegetables in large bags on the bike transported him home.&quot; Miep Gies is &quot;teglila&quot; only food at Amsterdam - it was noted that Anne Frank, &quot;... every Saturday and brought home five books from the library. With a desire to wait for Saturday to come, and to reach a new book .. . just like little kids waiting for gifts. &quot; Paper for the Anne Frank After the Gestapo arrested a family of Frank (in August 1944.), Miep Gies has kept a small diary Anne after the war and handed it to her father, Otto.
 He was the only surviving member of the family of Frank. Anne died of typhus result in March 1945. in the concentration camp Bergen-Belsen in Celle - just two weeks before the release of prisoners. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The house in Amsterdam where Anne Frank hid Dutch Gies was &quot;wrong&quot; for the creation of the famous diary. It was she who supplied the Anne of paper on which she wrote perhaps the most famous diary in the history of mankind. &quot;We all know that she writes daily,&quot; she said later, Miep Gies, in an interview about his proteges. On one occasion even &quot;caught&quot; in a secret place that Anne is working on his text - which it did not really like it! In late 80-ies of the last century, Gies was featured as a crown witness in a trial before a court in Hamburg. It was a process in which a neo-Nazi Diary of Anne Frank called it a &quot;forgery&quot;.
 Dutch was born in Vienna, Miep Gies was born in Vienna as Hermine Santrouschitz. Later, she changed her name and took Dutch citizenship. I became the recipient of numerous awards - in the Netherlands, but also in Germany. The last days of her life was withdrawn at his home in the Dutch province. Author: C. Fähndrich / sma Re. ed: Andrea Jung-Grimm
 