Afghanistan is a country of refugees and displaced persons in which the return occurs after years of exile. Many are moving from one end of this vast country to another in search of safety and survival. It is estimated that half the population does not live in a place previously called his home. High Commissioner for Refugees United Nations (UNHCR) and other UN agencies and other foreign NGOs are active in large numbers in the field, investing money and human resources to help the country. However, although these agencies are trying to offer assistance to returnees and displaced, their number is steadily increasing. Among them is the large number of young widows. There are hundreds, even thousands of women who have lost everything they had, men, land, homes. They have no rights to anything or have anything. What little money to spend to find mainly children and is simply incomprehensible to survive. The reason the conflict, and most had lost their husbands in the fight against the Taliban.
 Young widows are victims of great prejudice and disregard of their rights. Because the situation in the country, men marry when they are already older, and often take a very young woman. Such differences in the years leading up to a very common situation of young widows, and it happens that many are forced into marriage with a deceased husband&#39;s relatives, as the first or second wife. Although the Koran explicitly prohibit such a tradition of &quot;stabilizing&quot; the family and economic situation is very common in Afghanistan. An increasing number of widows of war poses a particular problem. Young widows are too young to take on an authoritarian role in the family, so they are forced to remarry for the relatives of their husbands. It is said that Kabul was &quot;the capital of a widow in the world&quot; where there are about 50 000 widows. The war in Afghanistan continues to affect the civilian population. The problem of widows is very important, but the company ignored for generations. By calling the number 060 888 300 can help widows in Afghanistan.
 Calls from landlines is 3.69 EUR and the mobile networks 4.97 EUR (including VAT). If you want to donate a larger amount of Afghan widows, also can make a deposit into account number of the kuna 2360000-1101937149 (specifying the &quot;Afghan widows&quot;).
 