Germany is optimistic that Ireland will succeed with the help of Europe to cut its huge budget deficit, but insists that it is necessary as soon as possible to establish a permanent mechanism for resolving the crisis in the eurozone, said on Monday, German State Secretary for Foreign Affairs Werner Hoyer. &quot;I am optimistic with regard to the fact that we now have billions of euros, which could reassure financial markets that are under the protective umbrella of the psychological process of budgetary consolidation in Ireland can be successfully done,&quot; Hoyer said before the start of the meeting of foreign ministers of EU member states in Brussels. Hoyer rejected the possibility that the Irish crisis to spill over to Spain and Portugal, countries that are among the weakest member states of the eurozone. &quot;The causes of the crisis in these countries are quite different, so I see no possibility to come to an infection due to the current Irish problem,&quot; said Hoyer. European Union finance ministers on Sunday approved a package of financial assistance by the Irish earlier in the day asked the EU and IMF, and technically the negotiations on the details of the package are underway and should be completed by the end of this month.
 Bilateral assistance to Ireland have also announced two members outside the eurozone - the United Kingdom and Sweden. German State Secretary stressed the need to establish as soon as a permanent mechanism for resolving the crisis in the euro zone on What&#39;s the EU summit in October, reached an agreement naèelan. &quot;It is important that the summit in December, you start negotiations on a permanent mechanism. We need a credible framework to protect against attacks on our currency,&quot; said Hoyer. The European Union has at its disposal a safety net consisting of a Mechanism for European financial stability (EFSM), which allows the European Commission to market borrowings amounting to 60 billion euros, which can then be forwarded to countries in crisis, and the Fund for European financial stablnost, which consists of a eurozone member state guarantees in the amount of 440 billion euros. This network was established on an interim basis and is valid until mid-2013th
 year, so the German Chancellor Angela Merkel launched an initiative to create a permanent mechanism, which includes changes to the Lisbon Treaty, according to Hina. Luxembourg Foreign Minister Jean Asselborn on arrival at the meeting said that Ireland is in a difficult situation, but there is no need for dramatizing. Irish&#39;s budget deficit of 32 per cent of GDP &quot;enormous&quot; and this time Ireland was &quot;a very difficult situation, which can be compared with those in Greece,&quot; said Asselborn. &quot;We should not dramatize. If Ireland takes the same efforts as well as Greece to reform and restructure the economy, and this must be done, then it will work and we have to focus on it,&quot; said Asselborn. Ireland could help doseæi amount of 90 billion euros, while Greece, the first eurozone country that found itself in crisis dužnièkoj approved 110 billion euros. Irish giant&#39;s budget deficits emerged after the government in Dublin was forced to bail out the country&#39;s largest banks in the country, amounting to 50 billion euros.
 The EU has agreed to respond positively to the request of Ireland out of fear for the stability of the euro zone as a whole. &quot;Help Ireland is justified in order to rescue the financial stability of the EU and the euro zone,&quot; said the saopæenju finance ministers who on Sunday held a meeting via telephone and video connections. (Source: AP)
 