Palestinian boil, if not heal, it must burst. After all, it was shot: 1948, 1956, 1967, 1974 - and everything else has had poison relations in the Levant, and the world. Nothing else, the occupation of parts of Palestine and preventing the return of the expelled Arabs in Israel have served and serve as a God-given excuse najgoremu that exists in the Muslim world, from bloodthirsty terrorists. RELATED NEWS News Blogs Only an idiot or a criminal could insist on keeping an open problem so bremenitoga potential violence. For those who do not close it is to recognize which of these two categories they belong. Action by the reaction blocking the peace process after the Oslo agreement seems to boil swells. Boil an abscess in her the Gaza - the city and the territory which Israel, and admits that his is not because I do not know what to do with millions of Arabs there, politically izručenih filoterorističkom in the arms of Hamas, a lock stjeranih in extreme poverty, despair and anger.
 Now they find themselves lumens who thought that the easiest way to break a boil, an action which causes a reaction. Organized the convoy, directed by some Turkish NGOs, knowing it would cause a scandal and conflict. Gaza needs humanitarian aid, after all that there seems civilians of Israel, but the convoy to Gaza, regardless of the supplies that peace is eventually transported, was not a peace mission but a provocation. Turkish ship - if the images do not lie - &quot;peacekeepers&quot; were attacked by Israeli commandos as they began their illegal, pirate invasion - which was an obvious call on the Israeli side of the krvoproliće.S lumens (even worse, because they are at play commandos professionals and not provocateurs amateurs) respond to excessive violence, the principle of &quot;one hundred eyes for an eye, ten of the jaw for a tooth&quot; (learned from the worst in Europe, but now typical of Israel). Achieve the same thing and Croats in Bosnia during the war - almost all of them as savages popljuju, irrespective of its reasoning.
 Scored himself another propaganda own goal. Are further alienated the Turks who were their support. They gave Moscow a chance to compare them with the Somali pirates, because they were attacked in international waters, on a civilian ship (armed with sticks!), Which is sent to the territory without Israeli sovereignty, illegal under Israeli blockade. Mined even the semblance of cooperation already non-peaceful Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, just as it should now go to Washington to lick it as a month or two umazali additional settlement (and ethnic &quot;cleansing&quot;), the Palestinian territories during the arrival of Joe Biden to Israel. Israel, disproportionate violence hysterical again shows that simply is not mature enough to be an independent country, that he needs to control and perhaps more than Kosovo or Bosnia and Herzegovina, and also because the two Balkan immature democracies do not have nuclear weapons, while Israel has it.
 On the other hand, not only that Israel has the right to territorial integrity and security, as well as every other state with its population, but also the Jewish people - after the terrible experience of genocide which has been exposed in Christian Europe (especially from the Russian pogroms and the Holocaust fascist regimes in Germany, Croatia, etc.) - has an absolute right to the territory to secure the survival of a Christian Europe has a moral debt to ensure, primarily in Israel, and not constantly keep in your pocket figu (that lying is a sign of the cross). And on the cross on which Christians call the Europeans Jews crucified. What think Croatia is the only logical solution was that it was voted to the Security Council 1947: two sovereign states, Israel and Palestine, condemned the neighborhood. Problem is, as in the Balkans, the territorial boundaries and hatred without boundaries. Israel does not recognize the borders of 1947, no cease-fire line of 1948, a little to him what was provided in 1967, so I settled, settled in Palestine, then each such nucleus of military defense.
 So boil swells. The attack on the Turkish ship could actually contribute to a cut, because Turkey has demanded that NATO be activated after the Israeli military attack on a member ship on the high seas, in international waters. As for the Croatian, who joined the NATO. In vain yesterday, we asked the Croatian Government, through the competent ministries, with whom he views in Brussels when NATO decided. Up to 17 hours on Tuesday there was no response in terms of NATO&#39;s engagement: obviously Croatia has not yet received their attitude than others. All the Zagreb knew it was not just cleverly transcribed Security Council, to present at the funeral as &quot;regret and condolences&quot; to the above will be all a nice fix. There is even a conviction, even in the form in which it has devised a compromise Security Council raznomislećih. It would, indeed, interesting to see what the genuine attitude of the ruling Croatian Democratic Union, about NATO&#39;s possible involvement, as one of its champions and defense minister raised his hand to the fascist greeting in Sinj and because of all the world for the funeral of its president arrived only the Turkish President.
 So again we have an authentic Croatian silence (oh, that nickname in foreign policy, and be determined behind flanjka ...). President of the Republic, however, &quot;strongly condemns the use of force.&quot; Croatia&#39;s foreign policy is still wall-eyed, if not shizofrena.I in Europe has schizophrenia. Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini is now calling on Israel to &quot;expedite the negotiations and not slowing down&quot;, to &quot;demonstrate the breadth, and inflammatory Il Giornale, the newspaper co-owned by his party and the government&#39;s chief Silvio Berlusconi, trumpeting that Israel did exactly what needed because he touched the sovereignty. France condemns Britain, be careful. Obama (who promised solution to the Palestinian ulcer, just like Bush Jr. 8 years ago) to buy time. This is a tender for the following ludicrous gesture, more dangerous than konvojske provocation. Number of recommendations: 62 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 