Among those arrested, according to the newspaper &quot;Daily Star&quot; is also a former minister, and three senior associates Nationalist Party chairman, Khalid Zije. The clashes between opposition supporters and the ruling League of States, not far from the university in the capital Daki injuring several people, was transferred a private local television station. The footage other private television stations are seen as members of the security break into a house of opposition leader and beat the crowd. Until the riots occurred because of growing discontent in Bangladesh due to frequent power cuts and deteriorating law and order. Nationalist Party leader and former Prime Minister Zia has accused the government of stifling opposition, and that it failed to establish control over the prices of consumer goods and improve law enforcement. Dake around yesterday was deployed about 10,000 members of the security services, schools and businesses were closed.
 On the streets, according to the words of eyewitnesses, could see only a few rickshaw, which is unusual for the capital of Bangladesh, whose streets are often congested vehicles. The authorities have distanced some parts of the city with barbed wire, a police chief has said it will not allow &quot;walk the protest blocked the main road.&quot; The second largest city in the country Čitagongu the general strike hindered the transport of goods from major national ports. Yesterday&#39;s general strike is the first in the last three years, and to evaluate the AP, the signal that the political disputes could be transferred to the street. General strikes are a common tactic of the opposition in Bangladesh, which until 1990. was under military rule. The transitional government came to power in early 2007. and introduced a state of emergency after several weeks of violence between supporters of the current Prime Minister Hasina and Šeih Zije. The transitional government was then arrested two leaders, but they were released before the election that was won convincingly Hasina.
 Zijin opposition coalition since then boycott the parliament, stating that their ruling party does not allow him to express the problems of the people.
 