The great mystic, a musical artist who walks in the shallows and an expert on evangelism underwater Reverend Ruben judge said the following: We ask for honesty in the Croatian society, for a clean and open heart, for honesty. And let forever eradicate from our society the rule of &quot;who is a pit Jama&quot;. Such slogans were damned! (Source) Damage only mentioned a saying coined by Ljubo Cesic Rojs, retired general and a great believer that the aforementioned statement perfectly described the looting of privatization during the reign of Pharaoh from his beloved Great Trgovisce and entrepreneurial spirit of former smugglers and bus chauffeur who made his way to the parliamentary seat . Devil&#39;s parole was a great believer. Blessed is the country where the former smugglers and other outlaws for years hands raised in Parliament in making all sorts of laws. Let us be the judge, who added: &quot;Over 90 percent of the population of this country are declared Roman Catholics.
 Thus this state would have to flow with milk and honey, but not so. So, the presence of Roman Catholic faithful is the deciding factor in the prosperity of a country. On the other hand, a Harvard economics professor David Landes in his book The Wealth and Poverty of Nations (1988) argues the opposite: that religious institutions are stronger, it will be weaker progress of society-especially when it comes to the Roman Catholic Church. As an example, Landes said expulsion of Jewish and Muslim scholars from Catholic Spain in the 15th century, opposition to the Catholic Church on the occasion of the introduction of the first mechanical clocks, not to mention Giordano Bruno, Galilee and science in general. Mathematician Piergiorgio Odifreddi believes that the Church continues to block the development of science and general progress: centuries ago were attacked by heliocentrizam and the Enlightenment - are now in place biotechnology and medicine. Explanation remained always the same: Deus lo vult.
 But, come to see in detail what the countries in which flowing with milk and honey because of the large number of Catholics. UN list of most desirable countries to live on top of all the places turbokatoličke countries such as Norway, Australia, Iceland and Canada. Ireland, whose playful Catholic priests for years selflessly gave their contribution to social prosperity in the form of sexual abuse of minors. In their confessionals are flowed with milk and honey, but something else that you can see in every movie Ron Jeremy. Catholic people rasturava and slaps milk and honey, and when it comes to the fight against corruption. The report by Transparency International in 2009. the best year they finished next Catholic countries: New Zealand, Denmark, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland, Finland, Netherlands, Australia, Canada and Norway. Freedom of the press? Oh, and there are strong Catholic country! To see the scale of the organization Reporters Sans Frontiers in 2009.: Denmark, Finland, Ireland, Norway, Sweden, Estonia, Netherlands, Switzerland, Iceland.
 Countries with the highest GDP in 2008? Luxembourg, Ireland, Netherlands, Austria, Sweden, Denmark, Great Britain, Finland, Germany, Belgium. Health? Honey, milk and medicines for all! The European Commission report states that the most effective healthcare in the Netherlands, Denmark, Iceland, Austria, Switzerland and Germany. The attached is more than obvious that the most developed countries in Europe, the Protestant countries. An exception is Ireland, but the popularity of local RKC fall from day to day because of the pedophile scandals and long zataškivanja sexual abuse of minors. But, have you noticed that Poland does not mention in the above chart? Really strange - somewhat less than 90% of Polish population are just Catholics. Now, conclude the presence of Catholics themselves as contributing to the betterment of society and state. Conclude yourself if the quantities of milk and honey with a proportionate quantity of holy water.
 Praise Jesus.
 