Here we go again ... According to the popular demandiranju! I admit that I was somewhat sorry that I&#39;m still sad that something like a cluster of dead pixels came up in this turbulent sveopæoj Abuse. And, fuck it - when I was a kid, everyone I talked to a dentist when I grow up to be ... But, behold, I did not, unfortunately. Or even a psychiatrist, which was my eart Entri Namba here. Life writes novels, and who knows what is not (fines, bills, etc ....), And in my case is obviously something very similar naškrabao loneliness of long distance runners, but come on ... So let - Gunrush, or, we kiss, nu - Hunt for Justice . NB again - I just wrote all all all (ah, the defenzivnobenigna my keyboard), but not so much interpreted. It is a great pity if the translation is not up to the task. Ergo, here we have a truly significant theme unreasonably extreme violence, in this case, with fatal consequences, consequences that tolerate a wider range of people, painful and shocking and unbelievable to know that no one is safe anywhere, all the suffering in vain ... Nu, podi (Ah that - if someone ahead of a my mistake, nelogiènost or otherwise, may well take a red marker in hand, double underline, and raise a rant, please.
 Valid anytime, anywhere ...) HRT 2, 05.03.2010. Gunrush Written by Richard Cottan Director: Richard Clark © ITV Productions Ltd. 2008 Translated and adapted by: Kristijan Nikolic EN: Gunrush HR: The hunt for justice, I already in the previous post asked what it means uopæe this title for us Croats, not to mention that it actually already is suffering from &quot;left-hand-right-pocket&quot; (nu, see picture in previous post) and that apart from the lack of logic misses the topic, etc. ... EN: You know what we said about defensive driving. HR: Remember what we said about safe driving. Dad Doug, who is an instructor at the driving school or else, says daughter Emmi how one should behave upravljaèem car. But there will be &quot;Remember,&quot; but you know or remember you. No, certainly not standing &quot;safe&quot;, because this, after all, is not the same as defensive driving. It is not affected by it - is actually defenzivnost Doug philosophy of life, making him, as it turns out, the family really resented.
 (During a later dispute with his wife, Jill, Doug even mention defensive driving as a description of his modus operandi / vivendi. She warns him however that this is the reason why it does not respect the family.) EN: Defensive driving is about safety, consideration and Mutual ... HR: Safe driving involves attention to each other ... Doug still calmly explains Emmi basic postulates of defensive driving, which actually determine his life outlook. EN: Uh uh uh-huh! If people did not rise to that sort of thing, it would not happen in the first place. HR: Do not overlook. Doug warns Emma that is not annoying because prostaèke remarks he received for his driver&#39;s clumsiness. But the original is hiding a far razraðeniji view of the world ... [The following is a good deal more neprevedenog, what we actually have of the nature of the relationship between father and daughter ...] EN: Tears and Fears And feeling proud to say I love you EN: Suze and fear, I&#39;m afraid to say I love you Doug humming a favorite song Joni Mitchell.
 Now he has to upravljaèem, while both of his daughters - Millie and Emma - in the rear. But - what kind of fear? Pride will not allow it ... [Then follows a horrible incident in which a young hooligan kills Emma. Not been translated yet none of his word. (It is not the devil that the reason was that they were simple?) We&#39;re losing a lot of the nature and dynamics of conflict ...] EN: Like, uh ... A cartoon. HR: Like the comic book. Doug story to the police what happened. Misty is a prisjeæa detail in connection with the killer - a kind of &quot;smile&quot;. It is, in fact, the burns in the form of reduced stylized Smiley face killers, red hot tip nanesenoj upaljaèa, which was only briefly and Doug automatically registered. Well, now, why should the clip in his memories was &quot;like a comic&quot; (as the dynamic form, the rule of a series of images), and not like a caricature (as Static form, typically from one image), do not ask me ... EN: Anything you want to know, or anything you need to talk about ... She&#39;ll be there.
 EN: If you are interested in anything or want to talk about You&#39;re welcome, here it is. We remain on the premises of the London police. One of the investigators met with family officer Susie Bryson, responsible for coordination and assistance to families. &quot;Here she is?&quot;? And, no, man, I mean that they will always be available, not that it would turn pale at the police building. On the contrary, women had to be constantly at your service and was willing to stay with family, etc. It is organized in the state ... albionskoj EN: Jill: - They&#39;re not gonna find &#39;em. Doug: - Someone will come forward. They always do in the end ... HR: Jill: - They will not find them. Doug: - At the end of the will. It is always so. My wife Jill is totally depressed and pessimistic, while Doug tries to console her. However, the emphasis is on not just great confidence in the police. Doug is therefore hoped someone from the witnesses involved or give any information yet ... EN: Feels so ... solid.
 HR: It is sturdy. Robbie, meanwhile cousin Bryson policewoman, who was a social worker in constant contact with delinquents, and I have a few spots from the past, Doug explains how the sense of a gun in his hands. Prior to this he said that it seemed more difficult than it would to a man of thought. But - &quot;sturdy&quot;?? What is this - some kind of innuendo, perhaps? Massive, before you would say. EN: I can not begin to know what you&#39;re going through at this moment, yeah ... HR: Can you imagine experiencing ... Robbie is still talking with Doug and tries to explain that it would be best to abandon its pursuit of private gun , ie the murderer. Translation offers the opposite meaning. EN: Do not get mixed up. HR: Do not create problems. Mama prays Lea (which is actually a killer, BTW) to get involved in any problem. You know what the mother - &quot;not my child ...&quot; and so on. So, mom is afraid that Leo is not uvuèen into some problem, and did her no mind to the end and I could cause some chaos.
 EN: I did not want to disturb you. HR: I did not want to disturb. Millie was just surprised that Doug is doing something on your computer (he requested information on the type of gun that killed Emma and promptly otiskao picture when it was found), and he mutely assures that only checking e-mail. In its search for Emma&#39;s why the PC, he actually replied that he did not want to interfere, and not &quot;upset&quot;. EN: I ordered you a new case. HR: I have commissioned a new box. Doug once again trying to break some terrible atmosphere in which he fell into the family, with a strained smile and change the subject and tells Millie that she bought a new suitcase for her cello, since the old one was bloodied and he has not managed to clean up. EN: Yeah, look, we&#39;re gonna be peachy. HR: Yes. Cousin Robbie meets with Doug Earle, local ðankijem that should serve as a kind of neighborhood to keep the handlers safe by presuming that the killer is hiding. Earl is the guy obviously picturesque uliènog dictionary.
 In translation it just is not. EN: We&#39;d done a stretch together. HR: Together we odsluživali sentence. Doug Earl story how he met relatives of Robbie Correctional Facility. But why could not tell that odslužavljavljivavljali sentence. That sounds more sexy, right and so as to ... EN: Take him these rocks. HR: Take him the heroin. A local gangster boss Leo Parker gives the task. But she - no no no! It is not heroin ... It is a crack (cocaine). Later, Leo even tries to smoke anyway. EN: You keep low, yeah? HR: Make sure that no one Skuza. Last Leu instructions. It can pass, although it is that Parker, aware Leova impulsive nature, she wants to Leo makes no nonsense, and not to turn into a ghost or something. EN: I do not know what you&#39;re looking for, so, uh ... A sawed-off shotgun, Scorpion ... HR: I do not know what you are looking for so I brought the rifle. Scorpion. Earl Doug brings local petty arms dealer, who immediately takes a thing and starts to enumerate all of which have in the bag ... First, a word about the saèmarici otpiljenim pipes, prilagoðenoj to fight up close, and besides, the translation should be given that dealers can not conclude lists and that there exist a rifle called the Scorpion, while in reality it actually carries the name of a popular Češka light and compact machine.
 EN: It&#39;s not a good tact, man, you know. HR: It&#39;s not a good tactic. Earl timidly used Doug after he enraged and chased the dealer showed him a picture sleeves and a pistol bullet which killed Emma. It can pass as well, but Earl really wants to say that Dougov mode of conduct or ophoðenja not appropriate situation. EN: Look, man ... Do not want to intrude on your grief or whatever ... HR: Look, I&#39;m sorry you&#39;re sad. Earl is afraid that Doug will go without his grant money. And this, like, come on ... somehow EN: I is not no errand boy. HR: I&#39;m not tekliè. Leo, of course, not without making stupid mistakes so called friend Wesley (who was with him when he shot Emma) try to crack that must be submitted. He does not care about Wesley&#39;s warning, but still a real important and full of himself really hard to not potrèko, not &quot;tekliè. EN: Back in five. Toot sweet, man. HR: I see it. Hold on. Earl has to briefly break away from Doug and promises that will see them again soon.
 The first part, like, come on, it can. The second is the misinterpretation of the English Classical French phrases tout de suite, and has nothing to do with some sort of &quot;sticks&quot;. So, Earl wanted to emphasize that wants to earn your money honestly from Doug and really has the intention to return immediately. (BTW, I really went back quickly. It was probably just hopped on the &quot;vaccination&quot;.) EN: We&#39;re never gonna find them. HR: Never you will not find them. Earl asks Doug to come to terms with the facts. EN: So many things I could have done But clouds got in my way HR: So many things I could have done But clouds bother me Doug sings Joni again, this time at a karaoke bar. The second verse should be the last time. EN: Tears and fears and feeling proud To say I love you right out loud HR: Tears, fears and pride I&#39;m afraid to say that I love Ibid Nu! Wrong again ... not afraid of obstacles, rather than pride. EN: I&#39;ve looked at love from both sides now From win and lose and still somehow HR: Love watching both sides of the wins and I lose ... Ibid
 The second line should read like a winner and a loser, and yet somehow EN: If they come for me, I&#39;ll get a gun. HR: Attack me, I&#39;ll take the gun. Doug Earl presents his plan. But I wonder where you will to &quot;take&quot; a gun? It will be bought, I guess ... EN: Oh, are you a Girl Guide. HR: You know that. Millie pure Dougovu wound to the neck which he earned in the pursuit of the killers. She tells him that he would need to sewing, and he in turn uzvraæa izviðaèica the right, obviously because he so skillfully reconstructed injury. EN: Ah, I could not look any more of a prat, could I? HR: I can not look up. Doug once again a joke okreæe kæerinu remark that his wound would look disgusting. Prat is slang for a fool or else, bezveznjak, shit ... EN: We have to move beyond our grief. HR: We have to lay off sadness. Millie tries to comfort Doug. Translation does not follow this introduction to the new age theory of healing in these cases, and that she wanted to find a web page.
 EN: You, Man! You, man! Oooooooohhh! HR: You bastard! The character named &quot;Inhaler&quot; (originally - Puff) urlièe of pain and shock after he was shot in the leg Leo. EN: I&#39;m on the Merrywell Estate. There&#39;s been another shooting ... HR: In Merrywellu alone. It happened one more murder. Susie called Doug&#39;s phone in the middle of the night. But - &quot;murder&quot;?? Or maybe the injury in his leg? Nu, will be, however, that this is different ... (After all, Jill later watching TV news where they say that wounded a 16-year-old and is in stable condition ...) EN: He crossed me over the rocks, man. HR: exaggerate it. Leo Wesley explains why he shot the &quot;inhaler&quot;. The translation does not explain anything. EN: Wesley - I&#39;m gonna chuck it! Robbie: - If you do that, we&#39;re all in the shit! HR: Wesley: [untranslated] Robbie: - If you do not they have done, we are all in the shit! Robbie does not want to throw the gun Leov friend. The translation is flawed and contrary to ... EN: Doug, this is stupid ... HR: This is too much.
 Jill warns Doug that does nothing on his own. (And I was already too ...) EN: We have no chance without that gun! HR: We have no [chance] with a gun! Leo angrily yells at Wesley who has just handed the gun Doug. But, here - just the opposite translation. EN: I will cut you through that stupid bleeding heart you&#39;ve got! HR: Išèupat&#39;ll tell you that moronic heart! Leo is still angry and threatened with a knife Wesley. However, it is not some voodoo returns ... EN: There&#39;s police everywhere ... He&#39;d have given it up by now. HR: The police is everywhere, it&#39;s probably already said everything. Wesley here still think that Doug was already surrendered to the police gun. Nelogiènost translation is reflected in the fact that Leo immediately asks where Doug lives, and Wesley suits him. So - their goal is to turn back the gun ... Moreover, later in the fall Dougovu house and držeæi Millie hostage asking Jill to call Doug to repay the gun ... EN: Puff&#39;s been shot by your man Leo.
 HR: gelatin nastrijelio is your man, Leo. Hmmm, weird weird weird! In fact, this word is pronounced exactly pohrvaæenim character with the nickname &quot;Gelatin ... So -&quot; Gelatine &quot;Parker says that the shot&quot; Gelatine &quot;! EN: Police fear gang reprisals are imminent. HR: The police claims to have revenge banda indisputable. TV news looks at Jill. First, the police are worried or afraid, and yet this &quot;unambiguous&quot; ... Oh, and stupid is not it. Should be - inevitable or unavoidable. EN: What are you doing, man? She&#39;s seen your bluff! You&#39;ll have to kill her! HR: What are you doing? We must kill her! Leo yells at Wesley. Thus: Leo bleeding, Wesley does not know what would, Millie tells them that they need to bind the wound. So Wesley off his scarf, which was covered face. Leo mentions the murder of Millie only and exclusively after Wesleyjevog face detection. In addition, the style experienced fox tells Wesley that he would have to kill you (apparently because of his mistake and Millie saw only his face).
 So, they are the original goal was to kill, as it would be to imply the translation ... EN: I do not know how to work this thing. But if you hurt my daughter, I swear to God, I&#39;ll blow your fucking head off ... If it takes me all night. HR: I do not know how this is handled. No ozlijediš you my daughter, I swear I&#39;ll kill you. By God. The highlight, in which Leo holds a knife to neck Millie and Doug approaches him and holds a gun pointed at him. Ma, where the curse is gone, and thus credibility?? This &quot;By God&quot; does not stand. Doug wants to say that the plan would succeed no matter what no one knows how it should be implemented. EN: I&#39;m sorry ... I&#39;m sorry ... Sorry ... HR: [untranslated] Leo plays Millie, the uzmièe Doug, straw and sobbing ... This is one example of the important things ... neprevedenih Search this scene is and what is not: in fact, suggests that the violent blood under the skin and eventually inspect their sins, they and the largest fine ...
 