Most of the world&#39;s great economic powers in the last two weeks &#39;pilgrimage&#39; in Asia or the call himself. First, French President Nicolas Sarkozy late last week received Chinese President Hu Jintao, to the weekend U.S. President Barack Obama came to India, and on Monday, British Prime Minister David Cameron flew to Beijing. The official reason for the preparations for the maintenance of the G20 summit in South Korea, but the right one is a job search western economies to the fast-growing Asian market. So the British Prime Minister Cameron takes with him a large group of business people who would need to expand trade ties with the most populous country in the world and second largest economies. Cameron, who took power in May, has arranged a meeting with Chinese President Hu Jintao and Prime Minister Wen Jibaom. In addition there will be a series of talks at lower levels, because the British delegation, the largest ever to be headed to China.
 Before traveling media, as the British and Chinese, were launched on possible meeting topics, and they range from the threat of protectionism to the Chinese exchange rate policy and strengthening trade ties. Cameron as a precursor to China over the weekend came to Finance Minister George Osborne. Otherwise, the links between London and Beijing, &#39;warmer&#39; after the Chinese returned to Hong Kong in 1997. year. Trade exchange between China and Great Britain is estimated at around 35 billion euros for the first nine months of this year, an increase higher than 30 percent over the same period last year. However, British analysts emphasize that the British over trade with Ireland than with neighboring countries BRIC - Brazil, Russia, India and China. However, as the Chinese market is the largest in the world, with about 1.3 billion potential consumers, Western countries are increasingly competing with about a stronger entry into China in order to further revived their national economies.
 Thus, during the visit of Chinese President Hu and France agreed to work for 20 billion euros and a further increase in trade to 80 billion euros over the next five years. As for the British, the Chinese would like their &#39;know-how on how to turn Shanghai into a global financial capital in the years to come and help out a stronger Chinese banks in the world&#39; stage &#39;. While the Chinese expect the British will not mention jailed Nobel Peace Prize Liu Xiaoboa, and other dissidents, political analysts in Britain hope that the Prime Minister in China David Cameron will not &#39;leave&#39; by the side of human rights issues. Otherwise, during his visit to France, Paris and Beijing agreed that the global financial system needs reform. Sam Sarkozy has high expectations of the G20, because after the French take on South Korea &#39;baton&#39;.
 