One girl, whose name I will not mention now, just before my departure to China bet me that I would not like Chinese food. Because she knows that as someone who did not like. Bet it was chocolate ... So let&#39;s see, what I had eaten. The first day in Shanghai, George and I were hungry (little say). We go out of our hotel, which was so expensive, and even the food we did not give - to say that we eat something Chinese, huh? On the road - Subway. And everywhere Subway. Then Paulaner - ale and sausages. Is not this the Frankfurt? Sorted further: Starbucks, Hooters, Burger King, McDonald&#39;s, ... ALO! We make some Chinese! But no. And what are we, we have entered the shopping center, U.S. type (!!!), and there managed to find a floor which had a Chinese restaurant. Patient - saved (lucky me)! (Digresijica: Although some people asked me, and it seems that any such bias - China is not dirty. At least, not large cities.
 No more than a dirty Zagreb, Split, Los Angeles and so forth. I was not even one turned and said &quot;Oh here I can not eat, no clean dishes,&quot; nor have I even got a dirty èašu.) Seems to be cool in China to pay for a meal, but that implies that you have it and I skuhaš. Do you think Included in the price of raw materials and supplies, but the &quot;manual labor&quot; is not? Exactly! How does one Balkanac, accustomed to come on over, fare in this? Quite okay. However, it is best explained with examples. Exhibit A: the so-called hotpot. Èunj hotpot is full of coal and fire, on which sits a circle, generally half of the torus (geek alert!), Filled with soup. And that&#39;s so insulting. The menu listed a variety of materials - thin slices of various meats, Vegetables, mushrooms, whatever things. Beautifully naruèiš what you eat and then pretend their meat soup. Or ubaciš all inside, so peças štapiæima (much fun), or, if you want to practice technique, you keep the fungus štapiæima until cooked.
 How it all thinly and small bits, it&#39;s just a little pofuriti and he&#39;s already done. Exhibit B is a relative of the exhibit A. It is a do-it-yourself barbecue. Instead of hotpot is enclosed panel, the injected below. And it sits in the middle of the table, and you still feed štapiæima nabadaš and pržuckaš (someone please verify if this is a verb). A little less interesting than the hotpot because there is no fishing, and food is known as a thin paste, so it is difficult to coordinate the pan, placing new tours, tours of the old putting in your mouth and talk. As one of my professor said, &quot;You are not at the gas might not work, because there will be chewing gum and toèit petrol at the same time!&quot; Coming to Beijing, and execute some academic affairs, Lina and I we were honored fine evening. And as in Beijing rather than eat: Beijing Duck! Beijing duck is traditionally a very complex dish. Duck is cut into twenty different sections, each of which then prepares a special way.
 Of course, this dish is then very expensive, so a meal for two reaches of some $ 90 = approximately 450. Our host did not Croesus, so we ate some more modest version, but still good. The picture shows how to properly eat burning ducks - in thin rice pancakes agrees Vegetables, sesame sauce and meat, so everything SROL and put in my mouth. The goal: a palaèinkica - one bit. So who is alive, who is dead (crushed). With the burning was the duck soup, and I think even some of the ducks, but I forgot. The rest of the Chinese food we tried was not as extravagant, but to me it was all very fine. In China, at least in the north are doing, do not eat as much rice as in some other Asian countries such as Korea. The dominant is tofu, lots of vomiting and a lot zaèinjene food. But China is so big and diverse that all this probably varies from region to region. With food regularly receives or hot water (about that!) Or green tea.
 Dishes are ordered not to &quot;complete&quot; as with us, but a lot of things are ordered separately - rice, any kind of Vegetables, meat and so forth, so that more food slièe collage of everything you make. I practice is that when more people are eating together, and all Order svaèega so every contribution is shared. As a &quot;fast food&quot; are popular with meat dumplings, noodles and meat soup, which are much richer than we usually imagine, so the man (Balkanac!) can of soup to eat. And now something completely different - Diet: the ceremony of drinking tea. In China, before the tea for all occasions. As I already wrote, tea is usually obtained as soon as it sits in a restaurant. It is plain, low-quality green tea. But on special occasions, there is a ceremony of drinking tea. Tea is not zaslaðjuje, except possibly some voæni teas, which are not to sweeten with honey. But better not. I absolutely do not drink tea from vreæice, but leaves in a sieve and pour boiling water.
 Despite bombastiènoj announcement, I do not know much about it except that it consists of several types of teas that they drink. A good part of the teas has its own way one drinks - some need to be SIP to express the taste, some must be &quot;chew&quot;, and some are served in two cups, one of which is used for smelling, and the other for drinking. What they all have in common that there is a &quot;form&quot; which holds the cup, and the form is different for &quot;him&quot; and &quot;her&quot;. A cup is held with one hand, a finger of the other reserves. &quot;She&quot; will keep the cup so that the spread fingers, which is a flower and a symbol of feminine beauty. &quot;He&quot; will hold a full cup of his hand, which represents the dragon&#39;s paw, a symbol of courage. At the end of the post - brzopoteznih bundle of things that I tried. A look at Flickr, you will already find which is which. Suma SUMARUM: it was all very fine, as is evident from the joy on my face. I only regret that I have not managed to try a dog.
 Despite the name of that movie, it&#39;s more Korean food. But Lina and Lan were not very hot, and I did not know I find it. So I will wait for another time. A bet, beginning with stories, I&#39;ve got. Dorina, with whole hazelnuts. Can and Milka. With whole hazelnuts. Thanks, it was my pleasure.
 