Slowly but surely, the Middle East tension increases. After a relatively long period (again) of relative peace, recent events - the Israeli attack on a humanitarian convoy, but also a whole series of events in Israel&#39;s immediate neighborhood - does not bode well. States that Israel has long considered its allies in the Muslim world, Turkey, said the attack was maximally intensified its relations with Israel and thus cause a serious headache for the leading men of the Western world - and Turkey is one of the major military forces from the Muslim world that is simultaneously NATO member countries on whose cooperation the United States seriously counted. The latest incident at sea occurs in a very unfavorable moment for Israel. Not only is the relationship with the Obama administration - at least apparently - in very bad condition, but still, moreover, and Hezbollah, a Lebanese political party and para-state organization that has defeated Israel during the recent conflict in Lebanon 2006th
 he began with serious arming. For a long time suspected that Hezbollah came into possession of SCUD missile, the Russian military technology, long range and destructive power of serious, just enough to allow targeting of Tel Aviv from southern Lebanon. Nasralah Hasan, the man usually holds the head of Hezbollah, after the conflict 2006th was said publicly that Israel will next Hezbolahov goal - to come to some sort of incident with the Israeli side - just be Tel Aviv. We hit the boat - if you start a new war in Lebanon, if you block our shores, any military or civilian ships sailing the Mediterranean to the occupied Palestine, there will be a target of Islamic resistance. Regardless of whether the south or north of the Israeli coast, we can target ships and to hit them. When the world sees that these ships were destroyed, no one will dare to go to Israel, he repeated a couple of weeks Sheik Nasralah. Shimon Peres, the Israeli president, has accused Syria in early April that Hizbullah acquired SCUD missiles, a few days later, the U.S. made the same, except for accusing Syria and Iran to obtain the weapons Hezbollah.
 While Syria has denied the allegations, Hezbollah did not want nor confirm nor deny. - We need not confirm or deny the information but on the fact whether we get a weapon or not - so we will not give any comment, said Nasralah, but also - significantly - said he was &quot;a legitimate and moral right to own any Hezbollah weapons, with Given that it serves to protect the vulnerable population which threatens cancerous presence of Israel. &quot; &quot;Nuclear ambiguity,&quot; Israel has reacted to these events, several days of passive defense exercises such a strong response to rocket fire on its territory from Syria, Lebanon, Gaza and Iran. Exercise called &quot;Milestone 4&quot; involved the military, police, emergency services, local community and approximately 150 government organizations. According to the envisaged scenario, hundreds of ambulances, firefighters and the army should be confronted with a situation that would create a large assassinations and missile attacks, including non-conventional warheads, the large urban centers in the country.
 As expected, Israel is preparing for the worst. And as if the whole situation is not sufficiently heated, it was recently confirmed information that, in fact, long known, although the official confirmation of it has never been: Israel has atomic bombs. And not only that it has, but once traded nuclear weapons. The British daily The Guardian published South African document, which was declassified, which says that reveals that Israel has offered a nuclear warhead former regime of South Africa (South Africa), and these are the first official evidence that Israel possesses nuclear weapons. Israel has, in fact, long followed a policy of &quot;nuclear ambiguity&quot;, which means that he has never confirmed nor denied that he possesses the atomic bomb. Among the documents and minutes of meetings of senior officials of the two countries in 1975. year, stating that the Minister of Defence South Africa sought a nuclear warhead, and Shimon Peres, former Israeli defense minister, offered to them in three sizes.
 The deal, however, never implemented. Shortly after the release of documents Israel&#39;s Guardian articles rejected as &quot;baseless news reports, however, it is quite reasonable to assume that the Israel is on the list of countries that possess nuclear weapons. In light of recent events, however, could be quite annoying as the atomic bomb - in a way - and Turkey has. As Turkey is the easternmost member of NATO, on its territory were deployed nuclear warheads, which should serve as a warning in case someone from the East comes to mind to do any &quot;stupid&quot; those states which are located west of Turkey. If one adds more data that Turkey provides the most troops to NATO, it becomes clear that neither Israel nor Turkey can not threaten each other with what their opponent does not - this applies to U.S. support, because while, on the one hand, it is traditionally strong in relation to Israel, at this very moment, Turkey is an important factor in the U.S. this global fight against terrorism, Washington can not afford to be left without an important ally in the Muslim world.
 Historic moment due to the aforementioned attack on a fleet of ships of humanitarian aid could be one of those historic moments that will not be nice to remember. Egypt, Israel, a neighbor who kept a relatively decent commitment to the southern border of the Gaza Strip kept under lock, on Wednesday raised the same block as the &quot;humanitarian aid could be delivered where it is most needed.&quot; If this occurs, the new attacks from Gaza toward Israel, will be difficult to assume who will be the first suspected of aiding Hamas. Wick on a barrel of gunpowder burns slowly, it is not difficult to assume that Hezbollah would have a motive for the attack could not figure out any new Palestinian casualties. Do not come quickly to resolve issues of a Palestinian state, the fall in the Middle East could be extremely hot.
 