The bus carrying the team that on the African Nations Cup in Angola was ambushed. The first information spoke to the driver was killed and seriously injured some players. The incident occurred while the bus crossed the border of Congo and entered the territory of Angola. &gt;&gt; Togo after the bloody assassination attempt left the championship of Africa&gt;&gt; Adebayor in shock: We&#39;ve seen a teammate with a bullet in it! &gt;&gt; Prime Minister of Angola: &quot;It was just an isolated incident &#39; Team and all those who ride the bus had polijegati on the ground to avoid bullets, but according to initial reports seven people were wounded, of which two players, a goalkeeper and defender Kodjo Obilale Serge Akakpo. One of the players, Nantes striker Thomas Dossi, told the French radio station RMC, and confirmed the attack: &#39;I&#39;m good, but several people in a serious position. We are all in hospital. Machine guns attacked us like dogs and we had to remain hidden under their seats for about 20 minutes to avoid the bullets, &quot;said Dossi, and added: &#39;At least two players were seriously wounded, goalkeeper and defender Kodjo Obilale Serge Akakpo&#39;.
 He also said the bus was loaded with fire when they passed the border and were in the crossfire angolskih border guards and the attackers. That team traveled to the very north of Angola, the oil-rich Cabinda province, where separatists are fighting for the independence of the province of Angola. Cabinda is normally an area that is not territorially integrated with the rest of Angola, but it extends between the DR Congo. Adebayor shocked after the attack (Reuters) This is a country in southwest Africa to only a few years bijesnio horrific civil war that claimed millions of victims. Many have feared for the safety representatives in this country, where a large influence and control over certain areas have armed gangs. National team was dropped from the competition in the championship of Africa, it completely razmljivo after the bloody assassination. That is the most famous striker Emmanuel Adebayor, who was contacted immediately after the incident from his club Man.
 City, and he confirmed that he was in shock but uninjured. &#39;You have to travel by plane&#39; Confederation of African Football (CAF) statement said that the armed attack on the Togo national team on Friday will not affect the maintenance of the African Nations Cup which starts on Sunday 10th January in Angola ... &#39;We share a great concern for the players, but the tournament will be played as scheduled. So far, still do not know all the facts, since all the information we gain from the media, &quot;said director of communications at the CAF, Souleymane Habuba. Habub believes that Togo failed logistics team, as their sole representation of all suidionica Nations Cup traveled to Cabinda bus. &quot;CAF&#39;s regulations are clear and teams need to travel by plane, not a bus.&quot; Latest information: The injured goalkeeper for the operation, although some French media reported that the reserve goalkeeper Togo national football team Obilale Kodjo died from injuries it seems that this is not true.
 Specifically, it was confirmed that Obilale on Saturday afternoon, about 15 hours local time, a helicopter brought in private Milpark hospital in Johannesburg, whose trauma department considered the finest on the continent. It is known that Obilale wounded in the lower back, and that during the evening or night to undergo surgery. &#39;It is completely calm. Understand where and what happened, &quot;hospital spokesman said in an interview with Goal.com.
 