Friday marks 65 years since the United States dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima, killing 140,000. The commemoration will be attended by Secretary General of the United Nations (UN) Ban Ki-moon, who has already visited Nagasaki, the second city destroyed by U.S. atomic bombs at the end of World War II. The United States will this year for the first time send official delegates to attend the anniversary of the tragic destruction of Hiroshima to end World War II when the sixth August 1945th year in this city from the American planes dropped atomic bomb, then used the first time in the history of the world. U.S. President Barack Obama at this point does not plan to visit Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Marking the 65th anniversary of the atomic bomb on Hiroshima, when 140 000 people were killed on Friday was attended by U.S. ambassador in Tokyo, John Roos. It was the first U.S. official to the presence obilježvanju and tragedy in this Japanese city.
 - At this point there is no plan for it (Obama&#39;s visit), said an unnamed White House official, the Japanese agency Kyodo. U.S. president has recently said that he hoped that &quot;someday to visit Hiroshima and Nagasaki.&quot; Obama will visit Japan in November where they will participate in the summit of the countries in the region of Asia and the Pacific, but it is not clear whether, as unofficially announced, then visit the cities that are at the end of the Second World War, razed to the ground the American bombs. Ambassador Roos has already visited Hiroshima last October, but it was his private visit. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon has called for the destruction of nuclear weapons on Thursday during a visit to Nagasaki, a city ravaged by U.S. atomic bombs at the end of World War II. Ban visited the Museum of atomic bombs and met with the six survivors of the attack the U.S. military, reports the AP. More than 70,000 people were killed in American bombing of Nagasaki 9th
 August 1945th year. According to Ban, his visit to Nagasaki, the amplifier is the belief that nuclear weapons should be banned. UN chief stressed the importance of cooperation between nations in creating a world free from nuclear weapons. - The only way to ensure that such weapons will never again be used is to destroy it, &quot;Ban said. In Japan, it is expected that Barack Obama visit Hiroshima when the November summit to be attended by the Asia-Pacific Economic Corporation, which will be held in Yokohama, a city southwest of Tokyo. Obama&#39;s willingness to come to Hiroshima stated in an interview with the mayor of the Japanese city of Aqaba Tadeoshijem, who in January this year was in the White House. Japan welcomes the announcement of the first public presence of official representatives of the United States at the memorial in Hiroshima, but there are also many comments that Washington needs to send a public apology for throwing A-bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
 Hiroshima is one of the former U.S. president Jimmy Carter visited only, but only after he was no longer in office. It is not expected to be U.S. envoy to attend the commemoration on Saturday in Nagasaki, in which he also dropped the atomic bomb. Memorial service in Hiroshima, where each year send a message of peace to humanity, will be attending this year, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon. According to Japanese data, there is a tragic day Hiroshima killed more than 140,000 people, until it knows the number of those who died later from radiation. (Fena) Tags Tweet Share Views: 77 Comments (0) Post Comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 