Ben S. Bernanke, the director of the Federal Reserve (a private corporation of Delaware) presented today in the Washington Post defended its stance and its policies, which many critics believe, along with that of his predecessor, Alan Greenspan, and one of the biggest causes of the present world crisis. Dominique Strauss-Kahn, director of the International Monetary Fund is 01.11.2010. stated &quot;that the global economic crisis claimed 30 million jobs, and it is estimated that they will take up to 400 million.&quot; This is not provoke panic, but if these are the results of today&#39;s global financial institutions, maybe we would be better off without them. Bernanke said that its measures to reduce short-term interest rates, buying a thousand billion dollars &quot;worth&quot; (nominally, in fact, &quot;toxic&quot;) government and corporate mortgage bonds, which is targeted to reduce long-term interest rates. These measures have failed to stop the decline of the economy.
 Bernanke is convinced that &quot;some inflation a good thing&quot;, and that will prevent the economic stagnation and deflation. In this way the Federal Reserve will continue a policy of &quot;quantitative relief&quot; additional purchases of securities of $ 600 billion in monthly installments from the 75 billion. All these measures will reduce the price of dollars, with minimal interest on the bonds, which should raise the value of stocks and real estate. In essence it is nothing but good old print money. These measures, known as the &quot;impoverishment of the neighbors&#39; theorists hold good for America, but many experts point out that America is not alone in the world, and that other countries take the same measures will also weaken the value of their currencies. Since 03.11. the CNN host Quest said, &quot;You fired the first volley in a currency war&quot; Similar measures can be expected from Britain, Europe, Japan and China. &quot;The dollar is in danger of a devaluation of 20% over the next few years,&quot; he told Reuters by Bill Gross, manager world&#39;s largest mutual fund.
 &quot;This is undermining the dollar as world currency. U.S. pension funds are at risk because they are expressed exclusively in dollars. &quot;Federal Reserve currency risks war and collapse of dollar hegemony, knowing that Europe and Asia to respond to this&quot; printing dollars &quot;. These measures may lead to the creation of reserve currency basket with the euro and yen, the return of the gold standard or a basket of precious metals as Maynard Keynes suggested yet 1940th Japan, Korea and Thailand have already been devalued, and Hong Kong are likely to leave the tying its currency to the dollar and linked it with the Chinese yuan within two years. the biggest victims of this policy as India and African countries. The Fed may have devised a policy that &quot;on paper&quot; brings benefits, but it is too reminiscent of the economic policies that were a major cause of World War II. America is today the world&#39;s largest debtor, and four fifths of dollars are outside the United States.
 If the rest of the world abandons the dollar as world currency, will accelerate the spiral of inflation, stagnation and recession that we are from the former Yugoslavia, I remember.
 