So it is with the media disinformation. 21st November 2010. 21:26 Thomas Didymus says ... It seems to me that someone in L&#39;Osservatore Romano Pope deliberately working against drawing sentences for which they know very well what the impact will be in the media. I am not surprised that publishers around the world who have long been coordinated at the same time presenting the Pope&#39;s book 24.11. bitter procedure OR-a. 22nd November 2010. 13:11 Sixtus said ... Michael Voris clarifies things well: http://www.youtube.com/user/RealCatholicTV?feature=mhum # p/a/u/0/9aS1VgoUxbE 23rd November 2010. 11:53 Thomas Didymus says ... I&#39;m afraid this is just one side of the story and Voris bypasses important parts. I&#39;d recommend three articles: First, Jimmy Akin explains Pope&#39;s dilemma. The Church has been expressed about the use of condoms in a very limited case: the use of condoms for contraception within the conjugal act (and here comes another, and the principle of double effect, but let&#39;s leave that for another time).
 Any sexual act outside marriage relationship of one man and one woman was seriously immoral. That is why the Church so far about this and not comment. Read very steady and sensible Akinov text about it. The other two texts are taken each one side of the dilemmas referred to in Article Akinovom. One is the text of Anglican clergyman John Hunwickea and another Catholic priest, John Boyle. I think this is quite a complicated case and that Jimmy Akin took the best line so far (1.2), especially in his second article that I cite above, but I can not say that I share the concern velecasnih Finigana and Boyle. 23rd November 2010. 13:00 Thomas Didymus says ... As for L&#39;Osservatore Romano that the situation is much clearer and it is best characterized prof. Peters. 23rd November 2010. 13:02 Anonymous said ... I understand the difference between what the pope said the reporter (it was night and day), but still disagree papal statement with all due respect.
 Condoms have holes, pores of 5 microns (micrometers) in cross section, while the virus is 0.1 micron side .... What does it mean that the hole 50 times larger than the AIDS virus. A condom is a Russian roulette. And for all the things I said of course it will not durex write on the box but you can find on the internet. 23rd November 2010. 13:24 Thomas Didymus says ... It seems that things become more complicated. I hope that we will soon have this explanation: The Vatican spokesman, the Rev.. Federico Lombardi, told reporters Tuesday that he asked the Pope whether he intended his comments to apply only to male prostitutes. Benedict replied that it really did not matter, that the important thing was the person in question took into consideration the life of the other, Lombardi said. &quot;I personally asked the pope if there was a serious, important problem in the choice of the masculine over the feminine,&quot; Lombardi said. &quot;He told me no. The problem is this ...
 It&#39;s the first step of taking responsibility, of taking into consideration the risk of the life of another with whom you have a relationship. &quot;&quot; This is if you&#39;re a woman, a man, or a transsexual. We&#39;re at the same point, &quot;said Lombardi 23. November 2010. 15:00 Anonymous said ... I am afraid that the problem is a little higher than that to work that are to blame only the media who incorrectly interpreted the Pope&#39;s words. Lombardijevu If you accept the last statement, it turns out that the Pope actually said that the use of contraception permissible as a means that would serve as a first step towards taking responsibility. It is an interesting comment, and a Cardinal Burke: &quot;No, he&#39;s not. I do not see any change in the Church&#39;s teaching. What he&#39;s commenting on - in fact, he makes the statement very clearly that the Church does not regard the use of condoms as a real or a moral solution - but what he&#39;s talking about in the point he makes about the male prostitute is about a certain conversion process taking place in an individual&#39;s life.
 He&#39;s simply making the comment that if a person who is given to prostitution at least Considers using a condom to prevent giving the disease to another person - even though the effectiveness of this is very questionable - this could be a sign of someone who is having a certain moral awakening. But in no way does it mean that prostitution is morally acceptable, nor does it mean that the use of condoms is morally acceptable. &quot;Http://www.ncregister.com/daily-news/cardinal-burke-what-the-pope -really-meant / Unfortunately, the last Lombardijev comment that you quoted and canceled the possibility of giving such an interpretation (although I&#39;m skeptical of Cardinal and such an interpretation). As much as we were to admit, it seems that (especially from the explanations Lombardijevog ) in order to justify the use of contraception (in some cases). I was not at all comforting as it is an informal conversation and the Pope&#39;s personal opinion.
 mata 24th November 2010. 11:59 Thomas Didymus says ... Anonymous from 23.11.2010. at 13:24: The situation is not so simple, see eg this, not that we are now still ask about it. 24th November 2010. 15:02 Thomas Didymus says ... mata: I think it&#39;s best to wait a bit to see how this situation will develop. 24th November 2010. 15:05 Sixtus said ... Famous papal text can be found on pp. 144 Pope&#39;s newly published book, published by Verbum. Don Damir Stojic comment on the case this way: &quot;... at this point I would make another cut. How comes out tomorrow Croatian translation of the Pope&#39;s book Light of Truth, in which one part of the talk about condoms, the media sensed a marketing opportunity and launched a pre- on the subject. One gets the impression that the Catholic Church and the Pope last ditch nedijalogičnog resistance that has no sympathy even for &quot;its own members&quot; - and right to anyone who is a lover of truth could just as easily go over the million infected? sincerely hope that this book will contribute at least a little how to observe things from a slightly different perspective.
 Topics condoms and AIDS problem and indeed is deeply in the heart of the Catholic Church. But as the desert is not the problem can be solved by introducing protection against fire, do we solve the wrong problem of disease prevention. Perhaps the greatest tragedy in all this which created the impression that the Church, not led by the Pope, I do not know any pastoral gentleness, rejecting the idea of a gradual increase in morale, which so often preaches. But that&#39;s not true. Maybe this will be an exclusive quote from the Pope&#39;s new book to better highlight: &quot;There is a basis in the cases of some individuals, such as when a man who engages in prostitution used condoms, that this is the first step in the direction of moral growth, the first assumption of responsibility in the way of restoration of consciousness not everything is allowed and that one can not do everything you want. But this is not really a way of dealing with the evil of HIV infection. The real way lies only in the humanization of sexuality. &quot;And again return to the previous image.
 Such a statement is actually an expression of awareness of human weakness in the media is right at the beginning interpreted incorrectly. Transferred in the sense that the Pope changed his mind and now - behold - allows a condom. Probably in such a media presentation instantly to mind the Vatican has some open-air concert where the sounds of Gregorian modernized share free condoms. It&#39;s not about that. And really, is this really something that would solve all our problems and fully protect us? Countries that have the problem of AIDS and tried to remove the way they were met with great failure. By repeating the last sentence - the right way lies only in the humanization of sexuality. Venereal diseases are not the result of a lack of condoms or the result of their misuse. There is one truth about sexuality, and if we distance ourselves from it, falls into the growing problems. However, in a state of fallen man the Church does not cease to provide hands.
 Maybe it&#39;s the most important thing I want to remember from this column! I really believe that a condom is not a solution to the problem of sexually transmitted diseases. But, as Pope says, in some particularly difficult situations even he can be a step forward towards the &quot;awareness that not everything is allowed and that the individual can do whatever they want.&quot; But remember - walking on it can not stop. There is still time! And Paul might have in a contemporary text Ephesians concluded: thighs, put his truth, not latex! (Cf. Eph 6, 14) &quot;http://www.studentski-pastoral.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=84:jo-jedna-dosadna-pria-o-kondomima&amp;catid=2:kapelan-pise&amp;Itemid = 3 24. November 2010. 17:37 Thomas Didymus says ... Given the additional &quot;clarification&quot; about Lombardy think it is really necessary to clarify the more formal Church stance towards condoms. If we ignore the case of homosexual relationships where condom anyway may have a contraceptive role, after the enlargement to female transexual prostitutes and the question is where is the end? Is it then a recommendation and that the marriage better to use a condom as husband would not be infected with HIV infected woman? If not, then where is actually a limit and Why? Why is altogether necessary that the Pope mentioned the use of condoms as a step in a positive direction, whatever the situation.
 There is a lot of sense to me, but I believe this situation will have to clear up and to the highest level. Bishops can be interpreted one way or the Pope&#39;s words, but when the pope speaks on faith and morals should be very cautious, and had even private theological opinion. 24th November 2010. 18:40 splendor says ... What the media are writing sounds like the legalization of fornication and homosexuality in the Church, but in all other places in the book as the Pope says that in the name of tolerance, tolerance is abolished when the church wants to force to change attitude to homosexuality, etc. I have not read any recommendation for condoms-what the media write is probably the one on &quot;what&#39;s babi milo to her and She dreamed of.&quot; On the disputed site in the book will say only what he says Cardinal. Burke, the Church of condoms is not viewed as real or even a moral decision (these are the words of St.. Father in the book). Papa says that the use of condoms step that leads to becoming a moral (moralization) but that can lead to some extent that this is a sign that they think of other, even if the wrong way, because the Pope, adding that this is not the right way this issue ends with infection (see how many times repeated).
 So, in this sense is to start taking responsibility and developing a conscience-that someone starts to think about others and not to use condoms and that goes for every man had heteroseks., Homosexual. or transseks. preferences, not that heteroseks., homosexual. and transseks. I use condoms. It was Lombardia should say-no sex is not important, and this is spread by the media that the Church has expanded the use of condoms not only as alleged in his book on homosexuality, but also heterosek. and transsek. It should say: those who use condoms-were heterosek., Homosexuals. or transsek .- There may be a sign that they think of others, even though the wrong way they want to help. Therefore, should continue to develop and modest flashes of becoming a moral conscience (this is the meaning of the term &quot;moralization&quot;). 25th November 2010. 00:10 Thomas Didymus says ... Splenda, I do not comment on the media. I understand that they are all iskrenuli as they graze.
 I think the pope was not supposed to go in the water. I or we can talk when you talk like that, but when he says something, it says the Pope, even though he insisted that was his private opinion, that is to interview, etc. It seems to me that the Pope said something like this: When you are in some some prostitutes bore a feeling that should / o condom use not to spread infection to step in the right direction, but it is still not a true human, moral, Christian solution that would be to stop prostitution. I do not know why he had to do, and mention condoms. It is a passage that is quite easy to formulate or could otherwise skip. One should not give people the impression this: if opcis sexually outside of marriage, it is a grave sin, but if you are infected with HIV, then at least use condoms, it&#39;s better than nothing (though still much worse than what your church is proposing). How this can come from the mouth Magisterium? I&#39;m afraid that I agree in part with a picture of a Pandora&#39;s box that they put on Rorate Caeli the release of a new book.
 And what with walls that do not begin to comment on. I really hope this will encourage the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (and perhaps even the Pope) that once again clearly and unambiguously and to explain what you&#39;re actually the Church teaches about condoms with regard to contraception and HIV (and other sexually transmitted diseases). If the pope can speak about such matters in an informal interview, you certainly deserve to be faithful about it speaks more formally. Say only that the Church teaches that a condom is not the solution is not enough because it is not enough then the pope (who, I think, knows very well what he says as in previous &quot;scandals&quot;) engaged in such examples. 25th November 2010. 01:35 Thomas Didymus says ... It also encourages all who read this to Recite the prayer for the Pope: PLEASE NOTE OUR Pope Benedict and the Lord preserve him alive, and blessed done on earth, and do not give it to the will of his enemies. Hail Mary ... Glory Be ...
 25th November 2010. 01:39 Thomas Didymus says ... Here, let&#39;s say the first part of this article some four years ago brought in contact with the Pope&#39;s comments that perhaps we will not precede. 25th November 2010. 01:58 Anonymous said ... Now also come to light and some other statements. For example, one of Cardinal Levada (who is now the head of the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith) in 1997. for newspapers in San Diego: &quot;Certainly if someone has decided not to follow the path of abstinence, and engage in extramarital sexual relations, that is already something that is not in accord with God&#39;s plan. It could be the better part of their choice to use the Protections that are available. &quot;Http://www.cfnews.org/b16bombshell.htm disaster. mata 25th November 2010. 10:42 Sixtus said ... Michael Voris rightly been called for the Vatican newspaper Osservatore Romano and the Holy See press office. He argues that the marketing plan was naive. Namely news agencies and journalists were given the parts of the book without a clear explanation and context, so you do not have to wonder what has caused chaos.
 Do not be afraid of the Pope has not released the Doctrine of the Church, but once it happened the same about what he says on pg. 147. in connection with the case, &quot;Williamson&quot;, &quot;From our side, unfortunately, the Office of Public Relations has done a bad job.&quot; Tom you&#39;re right when you say that it is dangerous and tricky thing when the Pope gives private interviews. It can then be wrong to interpret. read an interesting article by Ivica Šole http://www.glas-slavonije.hr/kolumnist.asp?id=21 I did a lot of studying this question, but here such Sola says: &quot;Humane Vitae Encyclical of Paul VI. from 1968. The first was opened Door contraception in Catholic doctrine. (I would still say that the birth control encyclical closes the door) The number 15 encyclicals about the admissibility of the use of contraceptives for therapeutic purposes, provided that the sterilization effect is not intended, but mating. This paper then became the basis on which the spouses one of whom is infected with AIDS permitted the use of condoms in infertile days, while not violating procreative view of the conjugal act and simultaneously keep a good marriage and the union view that the sexual act of physical expression.
 On this same principle, and Benedict XVI speaks today about the case (male) prostitute which allows the use of condoms as a first step toward &quot;humanization of sexuality, her healing.&quot; Let us pray for the Pope! 25. November 2010. 11:05 Thomas Didymus says ... Quotes church authorities on the use of contraceptives outside of marriage (via HoC) 26 November 2010. 23:28 Thomas Didymus says ... Sandro Magister: Friendly Fire on Benedict XVI And a Condom&#39;s to Blame December 1, 2010. 12 : 22 Thomas Didymus says ... SSPX clearly explained. 2 December 2010. 23:23 Post a comment
 