Barak Obama was six months ago in Egypt, during the speech before a group of students pointed out that following the beginning of a new era of relations between the U.S. and the Islamic world. Analysts Forein Polis writes that at the end of patience and confidence of youth in the Middle East under Obama&#39;s deceptive promises. Obama is the slogan of change on the inside and outside the scene to buy up a lot of attention of public opinion. Some governments in the Middle East after his arrival in power expressed the hope that it will be changed according to White House politics Islamic countries and Muslims. During a visit to Turkey and Egypt, the U.S. president said that his politics of buses differ from the Muslim countries. Barak was the first visit to a Muslim country as president, the Turkish paralementarcima said that America is not, nor ever will be, at war with Islam. But the promise of a democratic president to change U.S. policy toward Islamic countries, Washington, are only limited to words and in action Obama continued to pursue expansionist policies of George Bush.
 If indeed there was some change in U.S. policy, these changes were necessary and have nothing to do with Obama&#39;s slogan of change. After the 11th event September has created a new political ideology - the fight against terrorism. In this period, George Bush spoke about a new crusade. After massive protests that were organized in the Islamic countries, then U.S. president apologized to Muslims for using these terms, but in practice the U.S. fight against terrorism and Muslims in all parts of the world, especially in the Middle East, is increasingly coming to the fore. The attack on Afghanistan and Iraq and a greater Middle East, represented a major and long-term goals Buses government against the Islamic government. This U.S. policy has contributed to the creation of hostility toward Muslims in Europe and the beginning of a new wave of Islamophobia in the Old World. Spreading the fight against terrorism, covering all Islamic groups and Islamic movements active in the world, like the Lebanese Hizbullah, Hamas and Palestinian Islamic Jihad, a group whose main goal is the preservation and defense of the homeland government of the Israeli regime.
 In the meantime, direct and indirect way, all earning the U.S. slogan of fighting terrorism, there is discrimination against Muslims in all parts of the world. Hundreds of thousands of women and children in Afghanistan and Iraq were killed by U.S. soldiers. Since the beginning of the American aggression on Iraq, since March 2003. until now, have been killed over one million innocent Iraqis. In the United States and Europe, in most cases only the Muslim identity, Afghan, Egyptian, Iraqi, Pakistani or Arabic name is enough for the harassment, detention and suspicion of Muslims, under the pretext of fighting terrorism. Such a negative attitude towards Muslims and citizens from Islamic countries are currently exists in most Western countries. Islamophobic policy Buses government, under the pretext of fighting terrorism, it soon became clear to public opinion in the Islamic world and in some western countries. No person in the world basistički Saddam&#39;s regime in Iraq or the Taliban in Afghanistan, the system does not identify with Islam and following the correct Islamic teachings.
 Brief Review of Relations with the U.S. Saddam&#39;s regime and establishment of systems Taliban in Afghanistan, he sees we are going to the White House was the main culprit for the consolidation of Saddam&#39;s rule in Iraq and the Taliban regime in Afghanistan. But the U.S. under the pretext of fighting terrorism in Afghanistan and the destruction of weapons of mass murder in Iraq attacked the two countries. At the same time, in this period dolazai to organize mass protests against the U.S. government in most countries in the world, especially Islamic. International public opinion is understood that the Saddam regime in Iraq and the Taliban in Afghanistan, the system lost value for Washington. Public opinion is understood that the fight against terrorism and weapons of mass destruction ubijenje was just a transparent and false pretext for direct military presence in this country in Iraq and Afghanistan, with the aim of pursuing militants and unilateral projects in the Middle East.
 Informed public opinion, especially Muslims, the American zavjerničkim plans contributed to a large omrženosti this country in the world, especially among Muslim youth. Disclosure of the crimes of American soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan, torture of prisoners in the notorious U.S. prison and Abu Gvantanamu Gureibu, contributed to the increase and continuation of anti-Americanism. Omrženost Buses government was not only limited to Islamic countries. Within the U.S., tadašanji President George Bush, has become one of the three najomrženijih president in the history of this country. Barak Obama in such an anti-war and antibuševskoj atmosphere, under the banner of change began his presidential campaign. Obama, after winning the presidential election and entering the White House was conceived structural political change. The publication of the closure of the notorious U.S. prison in Guantanamo Bay by 2009. years, as has been done but prolomgirano 2011.
 year, and removal of anti-terrorism slogans in American politics, there are two important moves that have improved omrženo face the U.S. in the world. The effort to restore relations with the Islamic world is Obama&#39;s third move in this domain. But U.S. policy toward Islamic countries, especially the Palestinians, contributes to false confidence in Obama&#39;s slogans. American policy towards Palestine indicates that the current president of America is not going to take seriously the views on expanding cooperation with Islamic countries. Palestine is an integral part of the Islamic world, while the U.S. government without any change in relation to the Palestinian question and the great support of the occupying regime of Tel Aviv can not be an advocate for the renewal of relations between Washington and Islamic world. Currently America is the world&#39;s largest and most loyal savzenik Israel. The relationship between Washington and Tel Aviv is so strong that the White House horrible crimes of Israel in the occupied Palestinian territory, such as the merciless killing of women and children, justified self-defense, while the Palestinian Islamic resistance movements Hamas and Islamic Jihad, who are defending their territory from the savage attacks and assaults Israeli army, appointed by terrorist groups.
 There have been many other examples of words and not actions of U.S. officials about cooperation with Islamic countries. In essence, the U.S. government in cooperation with Islamic countries intend to recruit for the same conduct its unilateral policy. The White House has no reason and the will to extend cooperation with Islamic countries. Until there is such a perception of reality in the eyes of U.S. officials should not be expected to occur to improve relations and constructive cooperation. The U.S. government, if he really intends to improve relations with the Islamic world, should be familiar with the real meanings of concepts of justice, law and order and move away from tracking dvoaršinske and hypocritical policy towards Muslims and Islamic governments.
 