Author: Slavica D. Mosor in the distance Vranjaca 02 Sometimes I wonder why it makes it easier to travel thousands of miles distant lands in search of interesting, and we do not know what we have at our doorstep? I guess we think that we can visit whenever we want, so delaying, the years pass. Pure coincidence was when I came across a story about Vranjača, Cave only 25 miles from my residence. And then I realized, surprised: so there have never been! Worse yet, was not even my husband, and he was born from Split. We looked lonely and decided to speed, almost sheepishly, that we have in the cave &#39;urgently&#39;. Where will the shame to say that we have not seen. Church of St Michael in Dugopolje Hotel Katherine Dugopolju Quick Look, we put the &#39;Google Earth&#39; to exactly locate, find the path to it, and the next day we hit the line but the Dugopolje. What is worse, in the shopping area we were a hundred times, not knowing that a few steps further hides the wonderful caves.
 This village has become almost a suburb of Split, has developed to considerable size and become a crossroads of important routes. This time there was no second stop in the shops, we extend straight toward the center Dugopolje. Strange how I have never noticed the information on the road, albeit a fairly unobtrusive, which indicate the route to this natural treasure. Surprised about the size of the hotels &#39;Katarina&#39;, nickel gigantic middle of nowhere. Perhaps the owner saw an economic calculation, but I have not looked at his eyes. I wish I am wrong. Next we drove to the center of town, and certainly passed by another grand building, the church of Sv. Michael. Neither the size I do not understand, but it is at least an object, over 70 g, who knows how many visits to the popular masses were at that time. The gravel access road to the abyss of the cave, we drove to the village Kotlenice, and then to the hamlet Punde. Clean air, lush nature that she woke up after hibernation, a nice atmosphere.
 There we left the car in the parking lot, and continue on foot another 300-meters along the gravel road to the entrance of the cave. The day before, I arranged a phone with the owner of the plot date of arrival, because he can not enter exactly as anyone wants, everything has to be on schedule. To this day they were announced, some groups and the Punda uncle said to come around noon, in the empty slot. We respected that. As a real host, waiting for us at the door and politely offered his hand. We immediately feel the warmth of welcome, as if we were guests in his house, and he gives us a sincere hospitality. In front of a cave - tickets, souvenirs, drinks journey into the unknown scale at the door here you can relax, we waited to leave the previous group, because space does not allow room cave several people at once. Until then, our guide with lots of love began his story, told so many times, each time over and over again, but we felt the weight of any boredom in his voice, as when the mother again and again the story of his beloved child, every time the same story, adding some detail which may itself treats.
 At the entrance Environment story began in 1903 when the then small Stipe Punda, with their 12 years wandering the cliffs Moser looking for children&#39;s games. Since the villagers had previously been known caves, but only her first gym, which is not too aroused interest. Maybe people then not a lot of admiration toward some rocks, cave like holes in it were hiding from the bad weather, and some occasionally slept. But Stipe is a small, searching for a wounded pigeon who had fled to the cave, crawling further and further away, and unexpectedly finds himself in a totally unknown part. What we discovered is there left him breathless: it was magnificent. For days the boy was hiding your stash, you might be afraid of his mother&#39;s anger because of his wandering, he went there to enjoy the solitude and admire his discovery. Vranjača Vranjača 03 04 05 Vranjača Vranjača Vranjača 06 09 08 Vranjača Finally, when all learned the story of the Vranjača odlepršala far flock to cavers, researchers, word spread about her far beyond our borders.
 He soon began equipping for tourists, but it took a lot to make this visit can be safe. 1929 Cave was officially opened to visitors, is regulated approach, steps for lowering the depth and walking, handrails, lighting ... more work is needed to equip a such wonderful sites found in the middle of the rocky wilderness. Memorial on Memorial Panel Stipe Punda Here you can play Balun Here you can dance and so, says Barba Punda, to do a story a little bit us in your thoughts and I proudly waving the mysterious beauty, and we come up with a smile down to its depths, temperature of +15, which is constant throughout the year. Dives into the first room, there it was known since the 19th century, large, 65 m wide, and comes to mind that there may be little to &#39;throw the balun&#39;. Did that nice, but I doubt that would cause the someone &#39;pulled&#39; from a distance. Here are the items found since the Neolithic Stone Age, who testified that there was a mine.
 Somehow it is empty, no cave features, before I would expect that they will emerge from it a bear or other animal, and perhaps the man, sheltered from bad weather. The opening is facing the sun, but a protection for the need of temporary housing. The proximity of forests and water in a safe environment provides an opportunity for elementary survival. The gateway between the hall through a narrow passage through the gate we go further, in part, which is found then run Stipe Punda. We do not expect anything special, yet Vranjača not known but then you do not have any extra to expect. We pass through a narrow natural corridor to the other hall, we stop and caught sight, so this is a cave with wonderful treasures! Numerous decorations shining around us, creating a game of shapes and colors, and provoked to anger the imagination to unexpected limits, provoking shouts of enthusiasm. I did not know where to look before, because every corner has been providing unique gems that no human hand does not know the make.
 What makes nature is unsurpassed. Colors and shapes Vranjača 01 we cautiously descended into the depth of holding on to handrails, aiming our cameras record the details. Barba Punda we approved the use of digital cameras, because all of these decorations are in good enough condition, but all are closely monitored and take care not to disturb the balance of cave. Perhaps it is not yet visited a large number of visitors who would hurt her, it is both good and bad in some ways, but this beauty is still preserved neugrožen its natural charm. Animals in ambushes that odd ball in the second large hall, through the tangle of alleys šećemo 9 smaller halls that have names: the lobby, waiting room, a chapel, a small gallery, a large gallery, snails home, a Turkish cemetery, a ballroom and a palm grove. Each of them tells its own story, providing new dressing colors, nature has carved a different stalactites and stalagmites, rock, arcades ... church tower Strange stalagmites Hall concert wealth of stalactites Just have a bit of imagination in these sigastim characters around them to recognize what this artist wanted to show, in any form to see the flowers, animals, shapes the world around us.
 All this topped with glittering crystals, colored palette of magical colors. At the entrance to the Atrium concert hall Vranjača 10 Vranjača 07 At one point I thought: what if the light goes out, if you schedule a generator that provides electricity and we remain in darkness? We had no torch with him, except for cell phones and cameras, which help us weak. Mobile of course had no signal, then we could not call anyone. But I believe in the Uncle Punda and his sincere concern for her beauty and her guests. As a theatrical scenery as a Christmas tree, but the next moment I forgot about the ugly thoughts, joined the beauty of dance halls. Walk it felt much longer than the actual 360 m hiking trail, because we&#39;re pulling on all sides gained the impression of a much larger space. I could not be sure whether we are returning to the same hall and have discovered new, with the next step was to re-engaging. Rhino Crystal Reflections While we were deep underground, 85 m below the entrance, the sounds around us that are indulged here and takes life.
 One room was so that we have acoustic and sang alone. Beauty, perfect for concerts, we propose to council, if you do not remember. Who is stronger in the green entrance to the cave And the one located between the vertical walls could even dance. It should be a ballroom. In the silence of the underworld could be heard a quiet song with sigastih organ, it drops falling from the ceiling and bluish give rhythm and life to this strange world. Indeed, I oslušnula rhythmic sounds, which were excellent substrates dance under the lights of the crystal. Far from the world, away from the people, any form of visible life, allowing newcomers to determine their own speed, and both are captured by a network of scents, sounds and views, which can detect any remotely imaginative visitor, you should just let the thoughts float. The statue in the rock like a castle on a cliff a narrow passage to the second hall this cave many campaigns, including those who have seen all the wonders of the world, but this jewel many are returning.
 There is something captivating in it, for a moment think that she even Postojna is not flat, because our Vranjača a tame one, neuništenu human touch, as if you&#39;ve just discovered and appropriated for themselves the piece of magic. When we are at the bottom of the other two of us, who we can take this moment of beauty that is offered only to us, the music drops by just listening to our ears. We were just me and her, two incompatible, but a perfect world. As others have said, and we can only confirm, it is one of the most beautiful jewels of Dalmatia, protected 1963rd as geomorphologic nature. Auction houses snails lashes out random boulders look at the clock we were conscious. Barba Pound said that the new group is coming soon. They were enough, then we out to make way for a new imagination. In the end, and we have to stop snails near home, put the coin in the many already thrown coins from around the world, the ritual of returning here soon.
 We rushed up, but his eyes were still flying in the depths, to the beauty that we do not want to leave, yet the moment to absorb them into memory. But we were already occupied by a group of children who are curious jumping steep stairs, and even one question: &#39;Barba, where the crows? Indeed, we went out, we saw a crow. Barba Punda is plunged into the depths with children, and our question remained unanswered. White radiation crystal view from the bottom of the external light everything was kinda happy, the sun played with the crowns and gave wonderful toppings abyss behind us, and we, bathed in rays, seated on a beautifully decorated benches and surrounded by dense pine woods, thinking about the miracle of nature up close our city, in the northwestern foothills of Moser. We felt blessed peace in myself just like the uncle said Punda, to the effect of crystal depth and very healing. When we later reviewed images on digital camera, surprise, we saw the dim outlines of the white and white circles, just as they mentioned our guide.
 Is the radiation the crystal is so strong and visible? We were not totally sure, but we were convinced that their cells are filled with a new energy. Vranjača 11 Wishes for re-arrival
 