Before they are published on the Internet, documents are delivered to New York Times, Guardian and Spiegel, and Monday are available to everyone. Disclosure of documents in time coincided with increasingly louder calls for a cessation of military operations in Afghanistan, according to RTS. Although the leaders of 70 countries, including the United States and Great Britain, last week concluded that the Afghan security forces had to take care of the stability of the country over the next four years, a sketch of events stemming from the published documents is quite different. It is alleged that Afghan security forces have no power to oppose the Taliban, and that German troops stationed in the north of the state, recently involved in a real war, and to selflessly helping the Taliban Pakistani security services. &quot;The American War Diary&quot; contains details of 144 incidents in which international forces in Afghanistan killed or ranjavale civilians, including an incident two years ago, when the French opened fire on a bus full of children.
 In a similar incident, U.S. soldiers were killed or wounded 15 passengers. Polish soldiers, 2007. year, in retaliation shelling the village where she was a wedding. Human rights organizations say that these documents only confirm that the international forces in Afghanistan are hiding the true extent of civilian casualties. Pakistan&#39;s double game of the fiercest critics after the publication of these documents, are directed by Pakistani intelligence service ISI, which is the invasion of Afghanistan also played the role of allies and enemies of U.S. forces, generously assisting the Taliban across borders Pakistan. Pakistan has, in recent years, become a safe haven for the Taliban, who were along the Afghan border have established a network of bases from which the smooth running campaign against the Americans and coalition forces, and a base, at the same time, serve as reception centers for recruits from Arab countries, Chechnya, Uzbekistan and some European countries.
 The report from January 2008. year, according to a former ISI chief General Hamid Gul maybe even one of the leaders of the Taliban, and that his assistant, &quot;Colonel Mohammed Yusuf ordered talibaskom leader Izatulahu Mulaviju to kill Afghan President Hamid Karzai.&quot; It is also stated that Gul ordered suicide attacks, supplied the Taliban with weapons, including 65 trucks full of ammunition, about 1,000 motorcycles and 7,000 pieces of various weapons, including Kalashnikovs, mortars and antiaircraft missiles Strela. Intelligence is strangled in the mass of data in the reports, also alleges that U.S. intelligence services simply unable to cope with the waves of documents every day come from many sides, as a result of the fact that the agents a total of 16 U.S. intelligence agencies, under heavy pressure not to repeat the mistakes that led to the attack Al Qaeda 11th seprembra 2,001th
 year report on the smallest thing. Also, it is stated that more of these reports based on unconfirmed estimates, and follow the simple movement of Taliban forces, while a serious problem and analysis of large number of reconnaissance missions unmanned aircraft, attempting to be based on unconfirmed reports received ideas about the hierarchy within the Taliban movement, and Finally, making the list of dead Taliban. Serious problem, and many times before, the fact that the information Americans receive from local agents often are the product of the desire of people to the coalition forces say what they want to hear, but as a valid source of information. Phantom Unit 373 The documents confirm the existence of phantom units 373, which consists of members of the U.S. Special Forces and Delta Sil, which does not fall under the command of coalition forces in Afghanistan, but received orders directly from the Pentagon.
 The task of this unit is, as stated, to &quot;disable&quot; Taliban leaders, or lay terms, to capture them or kill them. All that happens is strictly confidential based on the List of enemies, which contains the names of the Taliban, the local drug dealers, bombers and members of Al Qaeda. The decision on the arrest or killing of these people are often left members of the 373rd unit About this list &quot;leaked&quot; a total of 84 documents, including reports of 17 June 2007. year, describing the attempt of the unit to kill one of Al Qaeda operatives Abu al Laita Libya. Action has gone wrong, so in baražu U.S. missiles killed seven children. In many reports, significant place is occupied and the controversial attack drone. American forces during combat operations in Afghanistan, lost 38 aircraft &quot;predator&quot; and &quot;Reaper,&quot; while nine lost during test flights. White House angry at the White House are very angry about leaks of confidential reports and allegations that it could endanger the lives of soldiers in Afghanistan and American national security.
 Wikileaks to deny, as they say, in some cases remove the names and details that would allow the identification of officers and agents. White House indicates that the incidents of whose details for, occurred at a time when the president was George Bush when the American forces in Afghanistan did not have sufficient resources and equipment, noting that U.S. President Barack Obama, last year adopted a new strategy for Afghanistan and set aside additional funds. (24sata.info) Add this article to your favorite online community, Hits: 330 Comments (0) RSS feed Comments Post Comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account.
 