A light that people have found themselves in Marija Bistrica testify images in arcades around the basilica. There are 22 shows an amazing event - the salvation from various afflictions. Miraculously Bistricko light show grateful chips - the chapel of Sts. Petra, in arcades and on the wall of the new faith and hope in the open behind the shrine. All the more numerous and more numerous. Increasingly there are those who experienced some special grace of God through the intercession of Mary. There are also diverse, zanimlijvi offerings in the interior of the Chapel of St.. Petra. Welcome to the light and the miracle is the faith in our sekulariziranomu practically bezvjerskome and bezbožnome world. In Marija Bistrica pilgrimage every year almost all Croatian parish. This Marian shrine of almost all Croatian bishops regularly, year after year, serving Mass and preach. Bistricko is wonderfully light and I am beautiful scenery, this sacred corner among the hills of Zagorje, which in itself calls for prayer and recognition of God&#39;s goodness, and now it is the home to the famous church dedicated to our open blaženome Alojzije Cardinal Stepinac.
 Bistričko light also offers Mount Calvary and the famous Way of the Cross where, following Jesus, we humans recognize themselves, their own lives. Climbing to cross the path in a practical way to become aware of the central source and truth of our faith on God who became man. Bistričko light of the confession - the sacrament of penance and reconciliation. Marija Bistrica is great for many confessionals. In a world of violence and injustice in which so-called bombs. Political lies achieving objectives, sinner man strikes his breast with remorse and reveals God&#39;s justice and compassion. Of course, under the auspices of Mother Confession goes easier conversion from sin and become fruitful. Miraculously Bistricko light is the Eucharist - the sacrament of the Body and Blood. In our age that hungers for sensation, spectacle and human power, the slaughter of the faithful soul prisutnome Jesus in the form of bread and wine. God looked at the smallness of his handmaid of the Virgin Mary in Nazareth, Luke&#39;s gospel records, and then I hid in the smallness of white wafers on the altar.
 Bistričko light is restored faith in this parish, that every year before his pilgrimage to the feast prasvetište - Queen of the Rosary in the chapel at the top Vinski, a few kilometers to the northwest. Amid summer night, the eve of the feast of Mary, who celebrate 13th July parade with candles moving in prayer. Faithful to God&#39;s people, living church, returned to their sources on what we call the Second Vatican Council. Bistričko light is most related to the statue of Our Lady of the 15th century that the Ottoman Empire and the violent assault of the army from the chapel hidden in the former parish church of St. Peter and Paul&#39;s 1545th Preserved from the foes and the attackers of the Virgin. Miracle Bistrica light has its origin in the written tradition according to which the pastor Luka late 16th century saw a light above the crust in a place where the statue will be found. Light is a clear symbol of worship. Easter vigil service begins when the lights in the church, the priest brings a great Easter candle and proclaims: &quot;The light of Christ!&quot; Here in Marija Bistrica light follows the way of the cross Žalosni Friday before Palm Sunday.
 In the evening a lot of devotees of the parish of Our Lady and the various sides are gathering for prayer on Mount Calvary behind the shrine with candles in their hands. A similar situation takes place every year in the evening before the Assumption. Forgotten and removed the statue of Bishop Martin II. Borković gives find. Sends canon Matthias, curator of the cathedral, and on the priest John Bistrica in July 1684th back to public piety statue of the Virgin Mary with baby Jesus in her arms. Mother of God is immediately evident as the intercessor who prays to God&#39;s people, and for him, just as it is at the beginning of the apostles who are waiting for the Holy Spirit did. The first recorded miracle occurred the first day of the pilgrimage, on Sunday, 16 srpnja 1684th The child mother Magdalene Paulec that was taken was to walk. It is an important sign. In biblical language, &quot;walking&quot; means &quot;life journey&quot;. God wants man to live, to walk, to go and bear fruit and that his remains. Until today in Marija Bistrica lasting devotion to the believers who come together from home and abroad.
 Croatian Parliament 1715th raised a large votive altar, and since then virtually the church takes the importance of the Croatian national shrine. In 1731st dedicated to the Blessed Virgin Parish Bishop George II. Branjug established today Shrine of Mary, and the only place gets a new name Marija Bistrica. After almost 20 years, Pope Benedict XIV. given sanctuary 1750th g. special papal blessing and forgiveness of the church. The first one hundred years, the 1786th, according to the record took place more than a thousand miraculous events - more than a thousand prayers in a remarkable way answered by God. Last 2009th year marked the anniversary, a full 800 years since the first written mention of Bistrica in the documents of King Andrew II. Named after the creek that still flows here. Today&#39;s appearance in the Renaissance style of modern shrine of Mary gets 1882nd the designs of renowned architect Herman Bolle.
 Remembered that just before the Feast of the Assumption 1880th the great fire at the site the statue of the Blessed Virgin Mary miraculously preserved. Shrine Mr 1923rd by Pope Pius XI. receives papal title of the basilica, and 1935th Archbishop Antun Bauer crowned in both mother and child on the miraculous statue of a golden crown. He was declared the Mother of God Queen of Croats and there we find the source and meaning of the famous poem about the Virgin paradise. For this episode preached Blessed Aloysius Stepinac, who will have been recorded every year to hike, make a pilgrimage to Marija Bistrica and to restore the holy habit, this great spiritual exercise of the Croatian people. Bishops&#39; Conference 1971st Marija Bistrica officially confirmed as the national shrine of Our Lady. For the 300th anniversary of the miraculous discovery of the statue 1984th The bar is held in the National Eucharistic Congress, which was a kind of spiritual predecessor and the start of the modern independent state, free from atheistic dictatorship.
 However, the peak current of history and an important part of the Bistrica magical light that so many shows and attracts them is the solemn beatification of the third October 1998. Cardinal martyr for the faith in Christ and the Church, Stepinac, Archbishop of Zagreb. On that occasion, the servant of God, Pope John Paul II., Visited Marija Bistrica as the first pope who made a pilgrimage here. It is clear that: wonderfully Bistricko vjerničkome light on our path is the Mother of God, who hears the word of God is ready to execute the will of God. Believers see the light at the woman and a mother who stayed with the Cross of her Son and Redeemer, when he was almost all of his released and left. Bistričko Mother of Jesus is the light that sees a shortage of emergency and how it is written in John&#39;s gospel for the wedding at Cana in Galilee. She confidently call: &quot;Do whatever Jesus tells you do&quot;. What&#39;s amazing Bistricko light? Come and see! Gain experience yourself! Immediately after the most sacred memorial, suffering and risen Christ, but the White Sunday - Sunday of God&#39;s mercy Bistrica begins a new season of pilgrimage in the year of the Lord&#39;s 2010th
 Welcome! http://www.svetiste-mbb.hr/box3.htm Marija Bistrica, 30 March 2010. p. Niko Bilic, SJ Copyright © 2010. N. Bilic / Webmaster
 