Mladen Postružnik, Secretary CEIK&#39;s: African &quot;Russian connection&quot; Draft for spy novel about the villagers or the view of researchers as the world&#39;s &quot;players&quot; Today we know that just before leaving for Africa, Mirko Seljan lived and worked in today&#39;s St. Petersburg in Russia. At that time Russia was a colonial power, albeit not like England or other Western countries, but with a very defined interests in the world. The difference was in what the Russians did not participate in the classic colonization and the slave trade, but have realized their goals by political means. Great is the empire lacked only one thing: unfettered access to warm seas. And from the Black Sea and the Baltic states it was not possible, because they turned in two directions: Suppression of growth of Japan in the Far East and more open and proactive policy in the Persian Gulf and the Horn of Africa. And in the Horn of Africa stood out a country that is extremely interested in Ruse: Ethiopia.
 It was for two main reasons: because the Ethiopians were mostly Copts, members of the original Christianity, which was close to the Orthodox. And because Ethiopia had the strength to remain independent. Climate and natural resources were further motives for which the Russian imperial court had an unusually strong feelings towards this African empire. In recent years, 19th century, the Russian mission at the court of Emperor Menelik was very large and strong, had great influence and has nurtured ties between Russia and Ethiopia in a special way. The Russians have distinguished themselves as military instructors, researchers, consultants and humanitarians. All this, with links through faith, very sight of Menelik, and especially the fact that his Russian friends did not directly violated the independence. On the contrary, they strengthen it. Witness the time a Russian researcher and writer Aleksandar Bulatovic, who before coming to this area Seljan, undertook two major expeditions and wrote two valuable works of travelogue that certainly deserves a translation into Croatian.
 The first expedition was aimed at the Baro River in western Ethiopia, the then boundaries of empire with Sudan. After the expedition, in 1897. emerged book &quot;From Entota to the river Baro&quot; (Entoto a hill overlooking Addis Ababa). This is Bulatovic said: &#39;This book is actually a diary of my second expedition into the interior of Africa. The first venture I undertook as a member of the medical department of the Russian Red Cross, sent to the scene of the Italian-abesinskog battlefields year 1896. At the end of that year, 1896., The department returned to Russia, and I undertook an independent expedition to the western parts of Ethiopia. Then I reached the Western Abyssinian border, and I crossed the river Baro, hitherto unexplored by us Europeans. Going back, I visited the lower part of the river Didessa, the valley of the Blue Nile, in the early days I svibnja 1897th returned to Russia. In December 1897th His Imperial Majesty has decided to take a direct relationship with Abesinijom, so sent a diplomatic mission headed by Peter Mihailovic Vlasova.
 The High Representative was accompanied by his wife and the following members of the delegation: - Secretary of mission Orlov, - myself as a leader in insurance hussar Vlasova - colonels of the Imperial infantry Kohovski and David, - the colonel of the royal cavalry Čertkov - escort commander, Ataman Krasnov, and - 21 men from the minors (mainly Cossacks). There were even representatives of the War Department General Artamonov, and Colonel Arnold, the medical staff, led by national consultants and Lebedinskijem Brovcinom. &quot;Bulatovic further stated that the high-level delegation left St. Petersburg in late November 1897th and in February of 1898th arrived in Addis Ababa. To the court of Menelik II report the arrival of the mission, the contact is determined precisely Bulatovic, because knowing abesinskog (amharskog) language. He went before, and is already fifth listopada 1897th was in Ethiopia. In anticipation of the rest of the team, joined the expedition Menelikovoj with the task of annex the southern areas around Lake Rudolf (Turkana).
 This is his third expedition, described in another book, &quot;On the armies of King Menelik.&quot; The path led them to the southwest of the country, the Omo River, down which they descended to Lake Rudolf. Bulatovic was the first European in those areas that are immediately before that were the scene of clashes Abesinaca and independent tribes of the genus Galla. Bistro noted that these conflicts, rather than inaccessibility of the terrain or lack of will for that reason. But Abesinci won and expand the realm of the far south. Interestingly, when starting his Menelik II ordered not to exceed the limits of his empire. It was for practical reasons - Menelik II as a seasoned statesman knew that because of research or survey should not cause neighbors. The path led him to Gibye River valley, a tributary of Oma, the way that he went before. Probivši to Oma, he went a number of the great river to Lake Rudolf. His descriptions of tribes and customs occupy most of the other books and are quite comparable with what the brothers worked Seljan a year later.
 Returning to Addis Ababa in June, 1898th, after eight months of research, Bulatovic was awarded a gold shield, which is given only on rare occasions. After his departure to Russia, which was followed just a week after completing the expedition, the Emperor Menelik II in the southern province sent an army of 15,000 men and established a garrison. Bulatovic at the end of the book argues that the Abyssinian army is not only flat any European, but said intelligence soldiers who apparently chaotic, but very effectively execute missions in combat. War is an everyday thing for Abesinca - Russian investigator says. I win over the Italians the year 1896. The testimony was about it later, Ethiopians heroism in the war against Mussolini&#39;s imperial army confirmed it all. And in our modern days, now that they have recently all Ethiopians in Somalia took a couple of days (where U.S. troops were evicted in a moment) - it is known that Ethiopia is poor, though, one of the strongest countries in this part of the world.
 The survival of Ethiopia plans to prevent the colonial French and English, he broke his Italian claims and ensure the independence to the present day. But the political game at the time Seljan (1900th-1903rd) is still fiercely waged. If someone is still unknown why the villagers were suddenly left Ethiopia for example: get a job with the help of the French arm Bure who fought in Africa with the English. It was the old game of Menelik II - divide your enemies. The English are stationed in Kenya and Sudan (north and west of Ethiopia) for a full hand to deal with Burim forgot to claims by Ethiopia and the creation of the British possession of the Mediterranean to South Africa. The French, however, stationed in Djibouti, as well as Cameroon and Congo (where were the Belgians) - representing less risk. They could not make this Africa&#39;s &quot;vertical&quot;. And Russia is likely to support, if not initiated by this &quot;game&quot;, and there are indications that all this is funded.
 To whom to entrust the crates of gold and contact with the French? Of course, the villagers who are not Russians and with no trace of it suggests that it is financed by Russia protubritanske movements in Africa ... Villagers have no doubt, as pouzdanici and Russian and Ethiopian emperor, found the world&#39;s espionage-political game in which unfortunately burned. In fact, as they prepared the way to Paris, the Boer War ended, the Russians had withdrawn. Villagers came to target the Englishmen who have never forgiven them their activity against growing empire. Therefore, not surprising that they opted to continue working in South America, countries of the former Portuguese and the Spanish crown, then already independent democracies (Brazil, Chile, Peru). You could call it and escape before the British Commonwealth, which were marked. Also, Menelik II was not satisfied with the collapse of the plan, and villagers have already done work in the south. The alternative was: tavoriti or go to court.
 Mirko has chosen the latter. Based on the opportunities presented by the Bulatovic, and biographies from Seljan, it could be concluded this: in Africa have not gone as well as two romantic adventurers, but inspired by some contacts in Russia, the St. Petersburg, which was the capital, from which the only two years ago went imperial mission. Your education and experience fit the brand in the Russian plans, and remind yourself that write that in Ethiopia, represented as &quot;Moskov and Akim&quot; - ie, Russia and the doctor. I Bulatovic was a Russian and a doctor. There is even a possibility that Mirko Seljan, and Aleksandar Bulatovic know, and there is a possibility that (at least judging by last name) was originally Bulatovic - Montenegrin. Aleksandar Bulatovic. Južnoslavjanski mentor brothers. In this area should continue to explore ... Again, in Ethiopia, the brothers Seljan get exactly what they wanted, with a dull Menelik Palace went to the south, as the new governors of provinces, acquired just two years earlier.
 This is an area had about 30,000 square kilometers, and although it was won, should have been mapped. Literally - to draw the border. Engineering skills (Surveyors) - Seljan brothers were excellent for this purpose, but deep down I doubt that it all happened spontaneously. On the contrary, after a careful reading of two books Bulatovic, I am confident that the African Mission Seljan was carefully planned and secretly agreed. Moreover, the villagers were admitted to the court were supported by Russian delegates who have stayed there, even if they had great recommendations to the king. While Bulatovic step onto NEKAJ Africa, Mirko Seljan in 1898. walked from St. Petersburg (St. Petersburg) to Paris. He gained the title of &quot;Champion of Globetrotter.&quot; What the media farce, and it was excellent training for a man who is (probably) already knew of his assigned mission and its future needs. It was prepared while waiting for Bulatovic&#39;s return from Africa and the final agreement before leaving villagers in Africa.
 He stated &quot;broke the ice&quot; for the brothers villagers. Why, then, villagers no mention of such a circumstance? And why should they, they wrote for homework, Croatia&#39;s instructions, where they were much better to introduce the successful young adventurers, explorers and ethnologists, but officials of the Russian imperial court in the (semi-) spy mission. It was dishonest, and even today there are such things ... But based on what we learn about the villagers, they tell us and their other side: the brave and ruthless planner and executor, who constantly seek their financiers and venture new ideas that would serve, as they said, the limits of civilization. These are not careless merrymakers with whistles and violins in the hands of the Jodl over the hills and valleys, but ruthless, military naobraženi confused by armed men, people with virtually no private life, said the pioneers prepared for anything. In South America at a number of ways have been confirmed by his political guidelines (commitment to the Russian - French coalition); pleads for South Slav unity, which was consistent with France, and Russia, cooperating with U.S., French and Spanish companies, but not in English, working on projects that independent and strengthen the South American countries, etc.
 Subsequent developments in world politics has brought satisfaction to the villagers: Russian-French coalition joins England, the sunset of his World Empire. Together war against imperial Germany. And that&#39;s just been the final war for the colonies, after the culmination of the division among the great. However, Russia turns to communism and out of the division. Stephen Seljan suffered to see how to share maps in World War II, but was disappointed with everything that happened, and is isolated in Brazil. He is, after Mirko&#39;s death, persistently avoided the Commonwealth countries, for example, went to Guatemala and Panama (French and American interests are dominant), but not in Belize (British Honduras) ... Whole working together since 1900. - 1913. The villagers were politically and ideologically consistent, in accordance with the then-world trends. Their research (&quot;In Service of Humanity&quot;) updated ethnological, photographic, mapping, surveying and other things works was not desirable, but pose a real content.
 But he was framed by their worldview and a strong willingness to get into a tumultuous world at the turn of the century and before World War I choose sides. In this light, I&#39;ll tell the brothers Villagers: The great explorers, but also the world &quot;players&quot;. READ ALONE Travelogue Russian writer ALEXANDER zipu Bulatovic in the English language are two samizdat editions &quot;With the Armies of Menelik II&quot; and &quot;From the river Baro Entoto&quot; ZIP download HERE
 