Pope&#39;s visit to the UK rather than euphoria, and folk costumes will meet only the growing anger and general apathy. Ticket sales for events with the pope is so low that the statement of Archbishop Nichols on how Catholics &quot;extremely&quot; happy arrival of the great leaders do not act at all convincing. Activists have warned that pontifa him on his &quot;historic&quot; visit to await the protests. What is in Croatia nezamslivo - because she will meet with the pope only enormous quantities of general pathos and idolatry, a walking deity, no words of criticism and opposition - is completely normal and expected in a society from an early age teaches children to think for and against, critical thinking and do not accept at face value the propaganda of the media, government, religion, or a third party. On the day of the death of John Paul II, the BBC broadcast a series of shows in which they discussed Drinu long-lived popes, including sharp criticism of policy toward contraception, which favor the spread of HIV in Africa or the rights of homosexual persons.
 Criticism of the church in Britain is a natural reflection of the secular society prone to public debate. Peter Thatchell, longtime activist and voice movement protest against the Pope &quot;, elaborated that he considers it hypocritical that the government develop a red carpet for the arrival of leaders whose views on clergy abusers, safe sex, infertility treatments and the rights of homosexual persons are not in accordance with British civilization standards. Not only that Benedict does not agree with the secular part of society - according to activists, a significant number of Catholics in Britain does not share the views of the head of the Catholic Church. Benedict&#39;s recent attack on British laws on equality and discrimination was declared a hypocrisy in light of the fact that it is very readily accepted their hospitality and finance from the same British people and government that adopted these laws. Although the Prime Minister, David Cameron launched a video clip in which the Catholic leader offers a &quot;warm welcome to Britain,&quot; Peter Thatchell the pope sent a message to prepare for arrival of the enemy.
 Although the protesters will surely protest a wide variety of reasons, the basis for the movement was a protest against the corrupt core of authority in the Catholic Church and the Pope, who has been consistently turning the cheek of a child abuse case to another while at the same time ready to blame all the other (women, homosexuals, atheists) to disintegration of social values. Cameron, who will bury his recently deceased father, a day before the pope&#39;s visit, the state and diplomatically said that the visit &quot;very important&quot;, not only 6 million Catholics, but also fellow believers across the country, but it is acknowledged that not everyone is happy about his arrival. That sums up the attitude of euphemism substantial portion of the population that the head of Pope Catholic religion, which spread dangerous prejudice and inequality are equally severe and blatant as the other religions, like Islam and that he therefore should not allow the state visit that is financed with taxpayers&#39; money.
 This of course does not mean that anyone defending the practice of religion or Catholicism, but simply that taxpayers&#39; money should not fund a visit by those who spread political messages that are contrary to the central values of a democratic society, such as equality. Initially, the very secular intellectual provenance and fire Darwinist Richard Dawkins launched an initiative to arrest Benedict immediately after landing on British soil based precedent in the case of Pinochet statesman who deny immunity for serious crimes, in this case hiding widespread child abuse. Even if it was dropped (the executor is supposed to be Thatchell, who has already tried to make a citizen arrest Mugabe in Belgium), Dawkins is still encouraged protests against the Pope not only religion but also as such, in accordance with its solidly substantiated opinions that religion is protected of criticism in a way that no other segment of society is that it is not justified.
 Allowed, and sometimes even desirable, to criticize someone&#39;s political views, hobbies or sexual behavior, origin or manner of raising children. But as soon as the condemnation of one&#39;s faith is the end of the debate and begin to pelt the charges of denying the right to free practice of religion or &quot;insult religious feelings&quot;, which is unreasonable. Protests against the Pope did not protest against religion, but abuse of power in the Vatican, which routinely target criminal behavior of their subordinates under the carpet (child abuse) or institution whose higher hierarchical layer and gives political guidance that is not competent (reproductive rights), which affect the health of millions people (use of condoms in preventing the spread of AIDS in Africa). There is no doubt that the rubbing Catholics the British national sport for which the English had five centuries to train so that the more modern English does not differ much from those of 1533 (more in the article at the bottom of the log).
 But anti-papal activism that provoked Benedict visits really long time been seen on the island. Evidence of the move by British public (!) Channel 4 television to broadcast the documentary The Trouble with the Pope (Pope Problem) - probably a kind of Bible for those who wish to engage in serious discussion in the target Komentra under this diary, but do not want to come off childish uninformed . Admittedly, as much as the islanders are apathetic about the arrival pontifa which Catholics are called &quot;Holy Father&quot; as the Croatian public, including the Internet, usually apathetic when it comes to criticizing the sacred cows of Croatian identity (of which the Church is probably one of prominentnijih) while the defense is &quot;sacred&quot; , which is nothing more than a clumsy attempt to create an immunity to criticism, quite loud. The same goes for those who will no doubt drag in order to focus discussion, share with us niskointeligentne racist generalizations about the evil colonialists and butchers the English that are relevant to this discussion as the Croatian barbarian piracy along the Adriatic coast in 9tom Nazi past century or discussion on today&#39;s values (nominally) democratic Croatian society ..
 www.protest-the-pope.org.uk Britain has no divine right to bash Catholics (Britain has no divine right to spit Catholics) Vatican official urges Christians to have more children as Europe becomes &quot;Islamized &#39;(Vatican official called on Catholics to have more children, since Europe &quot;islamizira) Debate: Stephen Fry against the Catholic Church How the New Atheists are abusing the truth (As the new atheists abusing the truth),&quot; Pope&#39;s letter &quot;- BBC report and the reactions of Benedikt letter 1985th despite evidence the priest refuses to remove abusers Richard Dawkins calls for arrest of Pope Benedict XVI (Richard Dawkins called for the arrest of Pope Benedict XVI) Tapes reignite Catholic sex abuse scandal (images re-ignited the Catholic sexual abuse scandal) Pope Song (Fuck the Motherfucker) - offensive content Tweet Related Sites More from this user Tags
 