Canadian hockey players are the new Olympic champions. In the final event in the Winter Olympics Vancouver Canadians beat the Americans in the final after extra time with a ratio of 3:2. (1:0, 1:1, 0:1, 1:0). He was a magnificent finale in which they met two of the best team Olympic tournament. Young Americans have won the finals without a single defeat, a favored Canadians were on their way to the quarterfinals kicked another great favorites, the Russian national team. The Americans had a little psychological advantage, because in a match in the group celebrated with a 5:3. Better start of accommodation in the first period there was little chance, and the only goal after an error has fallen American hockey players who were obstructing the front of his door, and it is used Jonathan Toews, who scored for the leadership of Canada (12:50). After this goal the Canadians have worked better, but by the end of the first third, there have been hits. New guess fell in the 28th minute, after a nice action the Canadian team, a scorer was Corey Perry (27:13).
 Reversal of Americans was a major advantage of Canadians, but the young Americans are not taught the five and a half minutes later (32:44), Ryan Kesler fell to 2-1. In the last third of Americans were poduzetniji, especially in the last ten minutes of the game, but have not managed to get to the adjustment. Minute and ten seconds before the end of the meeting are the Americans pulled out goalie Ryan Miller and played with six on the ice. To them it was worth it when 25 seconds before the end of the last third of Zach Parise scored the equalizer (59:35), who was a hero and quarter-match against Switzerland. Crosby brought gold Extension is played for 20 minutes, a true rule of the golden goal, or who hits the first hit. At the start of overtime was played very cautiously, but as the unfolding order are opportunities on both sides. The winning goal worthy of the great gold for Canada made the largest Canadian star Sidney Crosby in the eighth minute of overtime (7:40).
 Eight gold for the Canadian ice hockey was a rerun this final with the Winter Olympics 2002nd Salt Lake City, where they also celebrated Canadians. It was the eighth Olympic gold medal for hockey players of Canada, and Americans remain the two titles won 1960th in Squaw Valley and 1980. in Lake Placid.
 