Back in December 2006. The shuttle was supposed to provide junction 2 - Harmony. After that, he should have about ¾ of March 2007th overtake the European Columbus Lab module, which will be delivered only with the next flight, STS-Atlanitisa 122nd The shuttle was supposed to be launched in pretprošlu Sunday 9th December, but as things stand now, he will not take off before the second January 2008. Of course, even this Because of the space station also has a blog. Also, late and Japanese experimental module - JEB (KIBO the Japanese), which was supposed to arrive up back in September 2007. year. Under the new plans, the laboratory KIBO should be delivered with a 25-im th shuttle flight to the ISS that the Endeavour STS-123 in February 2008th This višemjeseèna with delays caused by the fact that only the flight of shuttle Discovery STS-120 of 23 October 2007, delivered junction 2 (Node 2) Harmony, which is then installed in the Destiny laboratory.
 Only the junction 2 Harmony joints allow it to set the two laboratories. From the foregoing, it is likely to delay delivery of U.S.&#39;s future junction 3, promatraènice Cupola, CAM modules for a centrifuge (Centrifuge Accommodations Module) which will attempt to suppress the influence of hipogravitacije and scientific platform for power (Science Power Platform). The delay mentioned will certainly reflect on the planned delivery of the Russian Proton rocket, M. with her in fact still need to arrive multipurpose laboratory module, ESA robotic arm, called. ERA and Russian researchers ivaèki module. It is interesting to note that a long-term perspective, there is a substantial risk of stroke in the garbage space station, which could cause catastrophic consequences. So NASA has once templates core mounting a laser cannon at the station, but the proposal raised concerns of others, because of the possible militarization of space.
 Apart from the gun, dropped or placed on hold some more elements and system becomes. Thus, while universal docking canceled and replaced with a MLM-FGB2 module. Have been canceled and a module for docking and towing, the housing module, the Interim Control Module, ISS propulsion module, while the project was canceled spacecraft to return astronauts to Earth in case of necessity ¾ de CRV (Crew Return Vehicle). ISS is now located approximately 360 kilometers from the surface of the Earth, a planet tried for 92 minutes. Variations in the amount of stations is headed in the range of several kilometers, and thanks to the gravitational forces of planets and regular use retroraketnih thrusters. The station, on average, per day falls about 100 feet, so it is necessary to regularly activate rocket engine for maintenance level. With the previous construction, the station has become the brightest object in the sky and Vecernje actually only an artificial space body visible to the naked eye.
 Its current location above the Earth you can find out by simply clicking here. Completion of the ISS should have a mass of 419 tons, the output power of 110 kilowatts, the total length ¾ inu of 108.4 meters, modules du ¾ ine 74 meters and six crewmembers, who would stay in the space of about 1300 cubic feet, which is approximate but as an interior passenger plane Boeing 747s To be submitted to all modules necessary to complete the ISS is necessary to perform a total of 50 space flights. With these flights we have to mention about 30 flights of Russian transport points of class progress, in order to provide regular supplies to the crew. And in the end, ISS should appear as shown above. Posts that preceded it are as follows: Project Space Station Heart became the first station crew
 