Text: JD, FM, I. Kri. Photo: AFP Bad weather slows cleaning huge oil slicks in the Gulf Meksièkom and tides and winds do not allow ships and aircraft to return to places where clean. Reports say that the spot is growing rapidly. According to a report of its surface is utrostruèuje every day. A huge oil slick that has already traveled a week Meksièkim Bay came to the U.S. Coast states of Louisiana, and threatens to become one of the biggest disasters in U.S. history, and even the two neighboring states have declared a state of emergency. About 200,000 gallons of crude oil per day expires at bay from the destroyed installation at the bottom of the sunken oil platforms Deepwater Horizon, and many fear that now follows the disaster that will be able to stand side by side with potonuæem oil tanker Exxon Valdez in Alaska 1989th year. U.S. President Barack Obama announced he would on Sunday morning to visit Louisiana, to assess the damage.
 The media are asking whether Obama will be the Deepwater Horizon Katrina, because the government has been ineffective in preventing an ecological disaster. First oil is applied on the coast of U.S. officials have warned that British Petroleum, the company that ran a platform that their resources were not sufficient to cope with the problem of leaking oil into the sea which flows from underground sources already ten days. Meanwhile, in Southeast winds led to the first cause of oil on the territory moèvarno coast of Louisiana. &quot;I fear that BP&#39;s resources are insufficient. I urge them to seek more help from the government and others,&quot; said Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal. While he obraæao public, neighboring Alabama and Mississippi declared a state of emergency. Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour has ordered the National Guard to help with the evacuation of vulnerable persons. Fighting was the arrival of oil slicks Louisiana had to quit hunting shrimp and oysters, while all the available means of BP, the government and the state focused on the fight with obviously a growing oil slick.
 Officials declined to specify how large the stain is. On Wednesday it was announced that a large stain at least 1,500 kilometers. President Barack Obama said he is spot on 2000 federal officials, with 300 ships and aircraft. They set up barriers to oil, but the question is how will it be successful. Obama said that the Interior Minister Ken Salazar requested conduct &quot;a comprehensive review of the incident,&quot; the minister said to him within 30 days to report on measures ubuduæe must be taken to avoid such disasters. Salazar is with the Minister of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano and Director of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) sent to Louisiana, where they all looked slick and the fight against it. The &quot;help&quot; and called on the Mississippi River The U.S. Coast Guard led the fight against oil spills at sea, with a series BOATS. BP, meanwhile, sent ten o&#39;clock robotic submarine trying to close the source, but they still failed.
 New attempt to combat the oil is diverting freshwater from the Mississippi River into the sea. Everyone would like to prevent inflow of oil into Mississippi River, which is invaluable for brittle moèvarni system throughout the region. BP, meanwhile, said he takes &quot;full responsibility&quot; for the entire disaster and pledged to pay all &quot;legitimate punishment,&quot; which are derived from it. &quot;It&#39;s not our accident, but it is our responsibility to clean up. Where are the people had legitimate claims for compensation, we will respect them,&quot; said chief executive officer of BP&#39;s Tony Hayward. This rate should be 54 days that the amounts of oil leaking into the sea reaches the number of catastrophic 11 million gallons of oil into the sea, which is sent to the Exxon Valdez. It is estimated that in the worst case, the coast of Louisiana could hit 4.2 million gallons. Obama announced yesterday that introduced a moratorium on all new projects, pumping oil out of U.S. banks.
 In March he began to discuss legislation that would project expanded drilling off the coast, but after the Deepwater Horizon is hard to imagine that the public would be happy for such an idea. Deepwater Horizon History of accidents in its history had a few accidents, fire, through oil spills, even a crash. Last accident occurred in November 2005. year, when the platform into the sea spilled 212 barrels of petroleum-based lubricants. Accident occurred because the source is not good enough and was cemented because the tube that oil was not what drives you ahead enough prièvršæena. He then advised that poveæa amounts of cement around the source. In January of that year, due to human error there was another incident. A worker on the crane has forgotten that the crane is in the process of refueling and is due to leakage of 15 gallons of diesel there was a small fire. In June 2003. The platform is due to an error in a sea captain spilled 994 barrels of oil.
 A month later because of an error is spilled 74 barrels. In February 2002. year, just months after he arrived from South Korean shipyards, the platform is due to incorrectly set the intestine into the sea has sent 267 barrels of oil. Experts say such accidents are no unusually on a platform that works in conditions where he worked Deepwater Horizon, and that no one can really blame her. The investigation will show for which it is exactly there to the current disaster. Workers probably dead from the explosion is considered the missing 11 workers, and many believe that hope for their salvation less. Employees of other platforms, which are located in the vicinity were evacuated, but so 18 people have suffered physical injury, usually burns. BBC writes that the extent of oil slicks are currently around 970 kilometers and covers 74 000 square kilometers area. Since 2001. years on oil rigs in the Gulf Meksièkom 858 explosions occurred, and many warn that the security work in such facilities has decreased significantly in recent years.
 