On Sunday they met in Brussels urgently economy and finance ministers of the European Union to approve an emergency contingency mechanism for protection of the euro against attacks by speculators when the market opened on Monday morning. Diplomats of the European Commission, which are probably the first time since there is this institution, working on Saturdays, they set the contours of this mechanism is actually a fund worth 70 billion euros. These are made after a very dramatic meeting in the night from Friday to Saturday, at an emergency summit of eurozone leaders of 16 countries that have the euro, so it was decided to oppose the attacks on the European currency. Nicolas Sarkozy has said that the Euro is the worst crisis since there is, and noted that there is a systematic, serious assault on the single currency. Spas euro - Monday is another day / AP Photo This is confirmed by Angela Merkel, saying that the urgent establishment of this &quot;mechanism&quot;, a clear signal to speculators that have no business.
 Meeting at the Palace of the Council of Ministers has been dramatic. She rejected the usual smiling mask, diplomats have stopped talking phrases and clichés, a concern is not hiding. Nobody gave details of the attacks on the euro. But the whole complexity of the events surrounding Greece&#39;s currency has weakened and made vulnerable countries with large debt, large deficits, or some other weakness. Speculators are focused on Portugal, Spain and Ireland, and to a much more serious than previously thought. That was the basis of decisions taken in one night, to set up a &quot;stabilization mechanism&quot;, that is, in one place put 70 billion euros and assist the attacked country. What does it cost to European Commission chief Barroso said the EU would defend the euro, &quot;so what does that cost&quot;. But this is only a short-term measures, and leaders have agreed on the need to strengthen the currency itself. Their solution is to establish mutual monitoring of public spending, or the introduction of penalties for those who do not respect that ensure stability of the euro.
 These are known Maastricht criteria, which stipulate that the budget should not be in a deficit of more than 3 percent, and that debt must not exceed 60 percent of GDP. The mechanism, which is only a few months ago was unthinkable, they will allow the Commission to borrow in financial markets, guaranteeing the EU and the European Central Bank, and she borrowed the money to countries that find themselves in financial difficulty. The leaders also confirmed an earlier decision to lower levels of assistance to Greece, but still of concern whether Greece will be able to implement austerity measures and change habits that led to this situation. RETURN INES Sabalić
 