Pope Benedict XVI on Saturday 20th November at St Peter&#39;s Basilica presided over a regular public consistory for the designation of new cardinals. With 24 new cardinals cardinal&#39;s choir has 203 members, of which 121 are eligible to vote. The pope reminded the new cardinals that their position of &quot;special and valuable employees,&quot; the successor of Peter is not the crown &quot;their own ambitions,&quot; but an act of humility and service to Christ and the Church. Notes of the song &quot;You are Peter&quot; the silver trumpets accompanied the entry of Pope Benedict XVI in St. Peter&#39;s Basilica, where he was in two semi-circle around the main altar, waiting for the newly appointed cardinals. Pope on behalf of all welcomed and thanked him for his honor kardinalskoj new Cardinal Angelo Amato. Among the newly appointed cardinals eligible to vote were eight Italians, one Swiss, German and Polish, two from the United States, two from South America and four from Africa and one from Asia.
 The four newly appointed cardinals - two Italians, one German and a Spaniard - are not entitled to elect the pope. Addressing the newly appointed cardinals, the Holy Father said to be linked with the Pope &quot;special communion and love.&quot; Cardinal sign of the honor of Christ&#39;s pastoral diligence and his sacrifice on the cross. Looking to read a fragment of the Gospel, where Jesus explains to students the sense of priority according to God&#39;s plan, the Pope said that every church service in response to God&#39;s call. It is never the result of a personal plan or some personal ambition, but the shaping of their own will for the will of the Heavenly Father, by the example of Christ in Gethsemane. No one is master of the Church, all are invited, representatives, zamilovani and guided by divine grace, said Benedict XVI Commenting on the debate between the Apostles James and John on the championship and the outrage of the other apostles said to Jesus gossip as before God first and great one that is not governed by secular logic, but by God that Christ has testified.
 Measure of size and priority in the eyes of God is not power but service, service is the fundamental law students and the Christian community, it enables us to fathom God&#39;s lordship. This warning applies to the apostles, the whole Church and especially for those who are called to lead the people of God. This is not the logic of secular authority and power, but the logic of ever submitting to wash the feet, service logic, the logic of the cross is the basis of each exercise of the authority, said Benedict XVI, speaking in turn about the mission to which God calls the new cardinals and qualify them for an even greater responsibility , the Holy Father said that it requires a stronger willingness to accept the style of the Son of God, who came down among us, &quot;as one who serves.&quot; It is about to be inherited in his giving his bride the Church humble and total love on the cross; Heavenly Father has allowed me to exactly how the wood of the Cross dies seed, which was thrown into the field of the world, to become the mature fruit.
 This requires deep and strong rooted in Christ, he concluded Benedict XVI (ika / gk) published: Saturday, November 20, 2010 - 23:07 hercportal.com
 