Transnistria, Transnistrian Moldovan officially Respublika (PMR) (abbreviated: Pridnestrovlje) is an area of Moldova and the self-proclaimed but unrecognized state that is de facto independent from Moldova by 2.9. 1990, when it unilaterally declared independence, and with the help of 14th Soviet) Army, successfully resisted an attempt moldovskih authorities to put under the control of the Transnistrian war. Since the year 1992. is in effect a truce, and the Council of Europe recognizes Transnistria as an area of &quot;frozen conflicts&quot;. Sovereignty Transnistria is the subject of dispute. Transnistria is considered an independent and sovereign state. Contents [edit - edit] History In the early Middle Ages Transnistria Slavic tribes were settled Street Tiverci together with the nomadic Turkic tribes Kumanovo (Polovcima) and Pechenegs. One time in the area was part of Kievan Russia, and the 60-ies XI. century, the area was part of Lithuania.
 North Transnistria was part of the historic region Podolje, while the southern Transnistria became a part of the Golden Horde (1242), and since the end of the XV. century will be part of the Crimean Khanate. Peace agreement of 9.1. 1792nd in this area became part of Tsarist Russia. Then it was a sparsely populated region in which they lived mostly Moldovans and Ukrainians. At the end of the XVII. century Tsarist Russia settled this area in order to protect the southwestern border of the empire. The then Russian government encouraged the settlement of Germans, Armenians, Greeks and Moldovans in Transnistria area. During the nineteenth. Transnistria is a whole century (with major cities Balta and Tiraspol) and furthermore the composition of Russia. From time to time in this area is vying to Romania, but that she never went, even after the First World War. The only exception is the city Benderi that in the period since 1918. to 1940. was within the province of Moldova, which was one of the then Romanian province.
 As for the rest of Transnistria, since 1917. the area was part of Ukraine, and the 1922nd, together with the whole Ukraine became a part of the USSR. [Edit - edit] Period 1920th - 1940. 1924. created the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic, which was part of the Ukrainian SSR. According to Stalin&#39;s idea, she should be pivotal for the future territory of Moldavian SSR which were supposed to join the Moldovan and other areas located on the right side of the Dniester, as the Soviet Union has never recognized its secession. Declared the official languages are Russian, Ukrainian and Moldavian. MASSR capital has become an Balta (Ukrainian city by the Soviet authorities handed Moldovskoj Autonomous SSR, together with the neighboring areas would not thereby be increased territory, but since 1929. The capital was transferred to &quot;ideologically suited&quot; the city of Tiraspol, which was held that position until 1940.
 The agreement between Molotov and Ribbentrop, Bessarabija is given in the sphere of the USSR. The main reason why Stalin did not immediately occupied Bessarabiju were agreed between France and Romania (Romania, France is guaranteed to enter the war on its side if Romania enters into any military conflict), the same guarantee that England promised to Poland, and indeed declared war Germany after Poland was attacked. After Germany defeated Poland, a Soviet army occupied Western Ukraine and Belarus (which until then had been part of Polish) in September 1939. And France capitulated in May / June 1940th, 26 lipnja 1940th The Soviet Union gave Romania an ultimatum which demanded that Romania before the Soviet Union in Bessarabiju, North Bukovina and the Hertz area. Having lost the support of France and sukobivši with the Hungarians in the West who also claims to areas of western Romania (Transylvania), Romania was forced to accept Stalin&#39;s ultimatum.
 All of these annexed areas (except southern Bessarabije that plugs Odeškoj field Ukrainian SSR) were united with the Moldavian Autonomous SSR in a single Moldovan Soviet Socialist Republic with the center of Chisinau. Balto and the surrounding areas of Ukraine were returned. Northern Bukovina region is connected to the hearts and thus formed Černivečka area that is also attached to the Ukrainian SSR. [Edit - edit] World War II Such geopolitical situation did not stay long. Germany has already 1941st with its allies invaded the Soviet Union and Romania the chance to give back all the areas that had been forced to give the Soviet Union. Thus, the composition of the Greater Romania (România Mare) came not only areas that Romania lost 1940th, but the entire area between the Southern Bug í Dniester (including the Ukrainian city of Balta, Odesa and Vinnica). This space is called Transnitrijom or Zadnjestrovlje.
 1944., After the Red Army broke through the Balkans, the borders were returned to the state from the 1940s. So the situation at the beginning of the Second World War (some even claim that Stalin had no intention to join the entire Soviet Union in Romania, to which never happened). When during Gorbachev&#39;s perestroika and appeared somewhat more liberal conditions in the USSR, Transnistria is in September 1990th proclaimed an independent Soviet republics, and no longer part of the Moldavian SSR. Soon there was a collapse of the Soviet Union. [Edit - edit] Declaration of independence of the Parliament of Moldova Moldova is 27.4. 1991st issued a hasty declaration of independence that will provide legitimate casus beli Transnistria for independence. Controversial word declaration saying that the agreement of Germany and the Soviet Union from 23.8. 1939 becomes invalid and all the legal consequences of that agreement were eliminated because they were passed without being asked the province&#39;s population concerned (Bessarabia, Northern Bukovina, Herta district) and which are occupied 28.6.
 1940 years and Transnistria established 12.10. 1924th year. The Soviet Union was then in violation of their constitutional rights in the law on the creation Moldovske SSR (2.8. 1940) and Law on the Ukrainian border and Moldovske SSR (4.11. 1940). Since these decisions were made without any legal rights they are released [1]. As Transnistria only annulled the decision of 2.8. 1940 years attached to Moldova from its earlier revolted Parliament declares independence using as a casus beli Moldovsku Declaration of Independence. [Edit - edit] Independence of Transnistria&#39;s independence has not been recognized by no country or international organization. During 1991. - 1992. broke out and a brief military conflict between Moldova and pridnjestrovskih armed forces that were fueled by the old Soviet 14th Division, located in Transnistria. The war ended in a deadlock, because the Moldovan forces were not strong enough to cope with rebel armed groups.
 Transnistria occupies almost 17% of the territory of Moldova, in which the approximately 600 000 people, and in recent years, most of them received Moldovan passport, although the government in Chisinau has absolutely no impact in this area. In the capital of Transnistria - Tiraspol, its government, which exists on its territory established in the country with all the necessary elements to this there is a quasi-state has its own police, judiciary, passport, currency and army, which ensures the integrity pridnjestrovskog territory. Incompetence and helplessness Moldovan (Kisinevkij) Government is clearly visible on the example from 2004. , when, despite protests from Chisinau in Transnistria closed all the schools in which the Moldovan spoken language written in Latin. Specifically, it is considered that the Moldovan and rumanjski same two languages, but when written in Latin alphabet is considered to be Romanian, and if it is then called Cyrillic Moldovan language.
  2) We fully in Asia, but has social and political ties with Europe. 3) Has a dependent or similar territories outside Europe. Retrieved from &quot;http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pridnjestrovlje Categories: Disputed territories | Unrecognised State
 