Coordinates: 24 ° 1 &#39;SG W, 89 ° 52&#39; E The People&#39;s Republic of Bangladesh গণপ্রজাতন্ত্রী বাংলাদেশ Bangladesh Gonoprodžatontri of arms buzz: No anthem Amar Sonar Bangla capital Dhaka official language of the Bangladeshi Government Parliamentary republic - President Zilur Rahman - Prime Minister Hasina Vazed Independence: From Pakistan&#39;s 26th March 1971st Area - Total 147,570 km ² (91) - Water (%) 7.0 Population - 2007. 161 300 000 (7) - Density 1093/km ² Currency Taka (BDT) (100 paisa) Time zone UTC +6 Internet domain. Bd Area code +880 People&#39;s Republic of Bangladesh (Bangla: গণপ্রজাতন্ত্রী বাংলাদেশ) is a country in South Asia, which makes the eastern part of the ancient region known as Bengal. Bangladesh (বাংলাদেশ) literally means &quot;Country of Bengal&quot;. It lies north of the Bay of Bengal, a land border is with India and Myanmar. Nearby are China, Nepal and Bhutan. Contents [edit] History Main article: History of Bangladesh have long advanced civilizations exist in present-day Bangladesh, formerly part of the eastern region of Bengal.
 Recent evidence suggests the civilizations dating back to the 500th BC, and there are even arguments about the existence of social structure around 1000 BC. One of the earliest historical data is the reference country Gangaridai by the ancient Greeks around 100 BC It is believed that the word derives from Gangahrd (Land with the Ganges at its center) and is believed to indicate the area in Bangladesh. However, concrete evidence of the political entity in Bengal appear to SASANKA in 7th century BC. Are followed, (though not directly) Pala and Sena dynasties. Pala Dynasty was a Buddhist, and while Sasanka and women were Hindus. Bengal has accepted Islam in the 13th century and developed into a wealthy commercial and industrial center of the Empire during the 16th Mugalskim century. European traders had appeared in the late 15th century and until the late 18th century, the British East India Company controlled the region from which the British extended their power in whole India.
 When India gained independence in 1947, the political motive was divided into an Islamic state, Pakistan and secular India. Partition of India is committed to Bengal is divided into two new states: Muslim eastern part, East Bengal, which corresponds to present-day Bangladesh, and the western part, the Indian state of West Bengal. Zamindar Abolition of the system (the class division of society) in East Bengal (1950). It was an important moment in the creation of Bangladesh as a &quot;popular government&quot;. Language Movement 1952nd established the right of Bengali community to speak their language. 1955, the government of Pakistan has changed its name from the province of East Bengal to East Pakistan. East Pakistan was dominated and neglected by the West Pakistan, which included the rest of Pakistan (West Punjab, Sind, Balučistan, and the northwestern border province). Despite the fact that East Pakistan brought the greater part of the national income, especially through the export of jute, the majority of investment in development was done in West Pakistan.
 Tensions reached a peak in 1971, after an open, non-democratic rejection of Pakistan President Yahya Khan, military leaders, the election results that brought Avam big league supremacy of parliament (167 of 169 seats allocated for East Pakistan) [1]. Under the leadership of Sheikh Mudžibura Rahman, known as Bongobondhu (Bôngobondhu) (friend of Bengal), Bangladesh started its struggle for independence. The official start of the war ensued after one of the bloodiest genocides of modern times, conducted by the Pakistani military against civilians 25th Bengal March, 1971. Practically all the Bengali intelligentsia was eliminated. This genocide is one of the worst death toll since the Second World War. Thanks to the efforts of West Pakistan to solve the foreign journalists, it is difficult to get accurate figures, but some estimates say about 50 000 dead in the first three days of so-called Operation Searchlight, which was performed by the Pakistani military [2].
 More than ten million Bengali has fled to neighboring India. This has led to fierce economic pressure on India and the then Indian Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi of the Western countries had to seek help. Bangladeshi liberation war took place during the Cold War. The United States and the People&#39;s Republic of China considered the question of Pakistan&#39;s internal war, which practically supported the West Pakistan. However, India, the Soviet Union with its allies, and the masses of Japan and Western countries have strongly supported Bangladesh. In order to gain a strategic advantage over Sino-US-Pakistan axis, the Agreement on the Indo-Soviet Friendship was signed on 9th August, 1971. &quot;[3] India is due to its geographic position and military antagonism towards Pakistan, as well as economic and social problems caused by the contact of refugees into its territory, strongly supported by Bangladesh, especially after the Soviet Union and provided support.
 Strategically, the independence of Bangladesh to India would mean one less front to fight with Pakistan. Also worth mentioning that some regional governments have given support on ethnic grounds. 27th March, 1971, Prime Minister of India, Indira Gandhi, expressed full support for his government&#39;s fight for freedom. Bangladeshi-Indian border was opened to allow the tortured and afraid Bengali to find shelter in India. Government of West Bengal, Bihar, Asama, Meghalaje and Tripura established refugee camps along the border. These camps are allowed, and recruitment of fighters. Bangladeshi Forces General Headquarters is established in Calcutta, starting from 12 April. [4] During the war, despite fierce opposition from Western governments of Pakistan, the BBC has continued to monitor events through the BBC Bangla radio service in South Asia. Among the international efforts to raise consciousness about the events in Bangladesh was the Concert for Bangladesh, the former Beatles, George Harrison.
 Mudžibur Rahman, who was identified as the most influential figure of Bengal, was arrested by the Pakistani government. Before his arrest, Sheik Rahman Mudžibur formally and officially declared its independence, 26 March. Therefore, this date is considered the date of independence of Bangladesh. 27th March, Ziaur Rahman, then army major (and the President of Bangladesh much later), has announced the declaration of independence of Bangladesh in the name of the supreme leader, Bongobondhua through a temporary radio transmitter in Kalurgatu near the port city Čitagonga. With the help of Bengal officers, civilian support and military / humanitarian aid from India, Bangladesh quickly formed a regular army and a guerrilla force known as Mukti Bahini (freedom fighters), armed groups made up of mostly young students, workers, farmers and others civilians. In addition to attacks on the Pakistani army, the Mukti Bahini provide local intelligence and leadership of the valuable contribution to the Allied military forces of Bangladesh and India, the occupation army invaded the West Pakistan (80,000), early December 1971st
 For two weeks after the Indian invasion, 16 December, 1971, Pakistani troops formally handed over to the Eastern Command of Indian Army, which has transformed the Mukti Bahini effective fighting force. India has captured 93 000 prisoners, who were taken to camps in India, in order to avoid reprisals bangladeškog population. The new state, Bangladesh has been established, and Mudžibur Sheik Rahman, who was imprisoned in West Pakistan in March, the triumph came as the first Prime Minister. India withdrew its troops from Bangladesh within three months from the end of the war. Residents of Bangladesh today remembered wrong Pakistani regime from the period before and during the war. After the war, Sheik Mudžibur Rahman became prime minister and later president of Bangladesh. Care, and most of his family was massacred by a group of dissatisfied officers armijskih, 15 August, 1975. After his death, (Major General) Kaled Mošaraf led a military coup, 3
 November 1975. Musharraf was killed in a counter-coup, 7 November 1975. At the end of General Ziaur Rahman came to power. Later he became president. However, in 1981, he was killed in a new coup, in Čitagongu. 1982nd General Mohamad Hosain Eršad organized bloodless coup. Eršad later claimed the President has established a new political party, Džanadal, which later changed its name to Džatija parties. Eršad ruled until 1990, when it was popular rebellion forced to resign and open the door parliamentary democracy. [Edit] Demographics Main article: Demographics of Bangladesh Crowds Daki Except in very small countries like Singapore and Bahrain, Bangladesh is a densely populated country in the world. With 982 inhabitants per km ², Bangladesh is often compared to the Indonesian island is Java. Bangladesh is ethnically homogeneous - Bengali constitute 98% of the vast majority speak Bangla, or Bengali. The remaining two percent mostly speak Urdu, nebengalski Muslims from Indian regions like Bihar.
 A significant number of non-Bengal tribal groups inhabiting mountainous areas Čitagong in southeastern and northern regions of Bangladesh, including parts of the district Mjemensing (Mymensingh), Silhet (Sylhet), Rangpur (Rangpur). Almost all non-Bengali speaking Bangla as a second language. Most Bangladešana (about 88.7%) were Muslims, but Hindus constitute a significant (9.5%) minority. There is also a small number of Buddhists, Christians and animist. Bengali, an Indo-arjanski language, used a letter similar devengariju. The official language, although English is accepted in official duties and (higher) education. In the mid eighties, the government began a program of birth control to slow down population growth, but this policy had limited success. However, the government has achieved significant results in preventing many children&#39;s diseases, through an effective national immunization program. A large number of people without a country, or is forced to live in dangerous flood-prone plains, leading to the spread of disease through water, a special issue represent the arsenic rich water.
 In an effort to halt the spread of pathogens such as cholera and dysentery, international organizations have begun to promote the construction of wells throughout the country. A few years after this program was expanded, over a quarter of the population began to show symptoms of arsenic poisoning. Effects of arsenic contaminated water remain a problem. [Edit] Education Main article: Education in Bangladesh Fish market in Bangladesh Education in Bangladesh largely subsidize the state, which manages a host of schools and colleges in the primary, secondary and higher secondary levels, as well as many public universities. The whole country is divided into seven education boards (Dhaka, Čitagong, Radžašahi, Jesse, Barisal, and Silhet Komia Education Committee) who oversee education from primary to senior secondary level. Government dakođe provides much of the money for salaries of teachers in non-government schools. In order to promote literacy among women, education for female students free of charge to senior secondary level.
 There is also a program, funded by the government, which provides incentives such as scholarships for continuing education at the secondary level. In Bangladesh there are 22 public universities. Five of them provide engineering education and the rest are general universities. [Edit] External links to other Vikimedijinih projects: States and territories in Asia sovereign state Azerbejdžan1 Afghanistan • Bahrain • Bangladesh • Bhutan • Brunei • • • Vietnam • Gruzija1 Egipat3 • Israel • India • Indonezija2 • Iraq • Iran • Japan • Eastern Timor2 • Yemen • Armenia • Jordan • South Korea • Kazahstan1 • Cambodia • Qatar • Republic of China • Cyprus • Kyrgyzstan • Kuwait • Laos • Lebanon • Malaysia • Maldives • Mongolia • Myanmar • Nepal • Oman • Pakistan • Rusija1 • Saudi Arabia • North Korea • Singapore • Sri Lanka • Syria • Tajikistan • Thailand • Turkmenistan • Turska1 • Uzbekistan • United Arab Emirates • Philippines entities, dependent territories and unrecognized state of Akrotiri and Dekelija • Republic of China (Taiwan) • • Macau Nagorno-Karabakh • Palestine • Hongkong • Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Notes: (1) Partly in Europe (2) the extent, in Oceania, (3) largely in Africa.
 Commonwealth (Commonwealth of Nations) Antigua and Barbuda • Australia • Bahamas • Bangladesh • Barbados • Belize • Botswana • Brunei • Vanuatu • Gambia • Ghana • Grenada • Guyana • Dominica • Zambia • India • Jamaika • Kenya • South Africa • Cameroon • Canada • Cyprus • Kiribati • Lesotho • Malawi • Malaysia • Maldives • Malta • Mauritius • Mozambique • Namibia • Nauru • New Zealand • Nigeria • Papua New Guinea • Saint Kitts and Nevis • Saint Lucia • Saint Vincent and the Grenadines • Samoa • Seychelles • Sierra Leone • Singapore • Solomon Islands • Sri Lanka • Swaziland • Tanzania • Tonga • Trinidad and Tobago • Tuvalu • Uganda • United Kingdom Retrieved from &quot;http://sr.wikipedia.org/sr-el/% D0% 91% D0% B0% D0% BD% D0% B3% D0% BB% D0% B0% D0% B4% D0% B5% D1% 88 &quot;Categories: Countries in Asia · Bangladesh Hidden categories: Selected Articles on en.viki · Selected Articles the bn.viki · Selected articles on ar.viki
 