Nanjing (or Nanking) is the capital of the Chinese province of Jiangsu. It has great significance for Chinese history and culture, and the former capital of China (its name means &quot;Southern Capital&quot;, while Beijing North Capital &quot;). Because of its location near the confluence of the Shanghai and Yang will present a very fast economic development, becoming one of the most important economic centers of China. Contents [edit] History of Nanjing is one of the oldest cities in Eastern China. According to legend, the 495th pr. Kr. Fu Chai, the master of Wu State, Yecheng founded the city in what is now Nanjing. At a later period in this area there are several cities that are often destroyed and rebuilt, especially in times of instability, while there were several Chinese state. Nanjing is the first time became the capital of the 229th years after Christ, when he moved there, the capital of the state of Wu (during the Three Kingdoms).
 Nanjing was the capital during the Jin Dynasty, when it was called Jiankang. During the Sui Dynasty, when China was divided into northern and southern states, was the capital of the southern states. In the 10th century was the capital of Southern Tang state (during the Tang Dynasty). During the Sung and Yuan Dynasties is being developed textile industry. 1368. was rebuilt and was the capital of the Ming Dynasty, which ruled the whole China. At that time they built the city walls that exist today and were the longest city walls in the world. It is believed that in 1400 Nanjing was the largest city in the world with approximately 480 000 inhabitants. From this period dates back to the mausoleum of the Ming Dynasty. 1421. the capital moved to Beijing, Nanjing and has since lost meaning. 1644th Nanjing has again become the capital since the rebels took Beijing from Manchuria who established the Qing dynasty. At that time China was divided and ruled South Nanjing Ming Dynasty, which did not last long and the Qing Dynasty broke out throughout China.
 During their rule is called Nanjing Jiangning and it was the seat of viceroy. During the First Opium War, the British invaded Nanjing, and it concluded a ceasefire which ended the war 1842nd (Agreement of Nanking). In the mid 19th century was the capital of the Taiping rebel state. 1912th The Chinese Empire was overthrown, and proclaimed the Republic of China. The first president of Sun Jat-sen was elected Nanjing temporary capital of China because Beijing is still ruled by car. 1927th President Chiang Kai-Shek Nanjing declared the official capital of China. 1937th the Japanese invaded China in Nanjing, killed between 200 000 and 350 000 inhabitants (Nankinški massacre). Nankinški massacre was the first large-scale massacre of the population in the second World. war. Nanking during the second World. War was the center of the collaborationist government, which has cooperated with Japan (Nankinški regime), while the seat of government Chiang Kai Seka was in Chongqing.
 After the end of the second World. War is the Chiang Kai seconds back in the capital city of Nanjing. During the civil war between the Nationalists and the Communists suffered a great destruction of Nanjing was the last major city where the Nationalists ruled before fleeing to Taiwan. It is interesting that the government in Taiwan called the Republic of China and Nanjing still considers its capital because it considers the legitimate government of all China. After the establishment of the People&#39;s Republic of China under communist rule 1949th the capital once again became Beijing, and Nanjing has become the center of Jiangsu Province. [Edit] Geography Nanjing is located in east China, near the mouth of the River Yang Ce. On the river there are several river islands. The relief of the plains (part of China&#39;s Great Plains), but around town there are a few hills (known Mount Zijin Shan in the city center). Nearby there are large mineral deposits (iron, sulfur, strontium). The climate is humid subtropical (sinijska).
 Had a great influence monsoon, which in summer has a lot more precipitation than in winter. Temperatures are moderate, and winter is not too low. Nanjing is located near Shanghai, is it seems the Chinese biggest economic zone. The space between Nanjing and Shanghai is a very densely populated (one of the most populated areas in China and the world). In this area there are many large cities that have all the economic and traffic, and often functionally related. The most important are Wuxi, Nantong, Changzhou and Suzhou. Chaotian Palace [edit] Economy Nanjing has recently been rapidly evolving (following China&#39;s rapid economic development). Specially developed metal and automotive industries. The town&#39;s factories have a number of foreign companies (Volkswagen, Iveco, Panda). Industry is located in large industrial parks. The city has developed and tertiary (services) sector of the economy that gives 44% of the product. Center City [edit] Sights Considering the historical significance of the city, Nanjing has many cultural attractions.
 From the period of the Ming Dynasty city walls are significant and Ming Xiaoling Mausoleum. Notable is the Imperial Palace Chaotian. The city has many temples and pagodas konfucijanističke. The most important Confucian temple, temples, and Jiming, Jinghai, Lingg and Qixia. Interesting is the Porcelain Pagoda, which was destroyed in the 19th century, and today it is renewed. Known as gardens and Zhan Xu Yuan. Notable are the &quot;Gate of China&quot;, the ceremonial entrance door in the wall through which all foreigners entering into China. From the period while the Nanjing was the capital of the Republic of China is an important presidential palace and the mausoleum of Sun Jat-hay. Is a significant monument Nankinškog massacre. In the city there are major hotels and the building of the University. [Edit] Transportation Nanjing is the important traffic hub where various forms of cross traffic. It is very important inland waterway river Yang Ce, which Nanjing is associated with a number of towns that lie on it.
 Not far from the city begins the Great Canal, which connects the River Yang Ce with the Huang He River, and continues to be dug up to Beijing. Because of its proximity to the channel specifically developed river transportation, and Nanjing is the largest inland port on the Yang Ceu and the largest indoor Chinese river port. They are very developed and other forms of transport. Nanjing has a major highway and railroad that connects it to major cities in the area. There is also an international airport. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanjing&quot; Category: Cities in China
 