Author: Portal Jutarnji.hr Posted: 11.10.2010 &#39;pride parade&#39;, Belgrade gay pride, it was just a fictitious reason to go out into the street hoodlums and rampage. This confirms the fact that the hooligans began to gather early in the morning, were well organized and the addition of police officers killed and facilities of the parties, the RTS building, as well as passenger cars and shop windows of shops, Serbian media reported. RELATED NEWS News The final number of injured last night, stopped at 158 people, including 124 police officers while detained 207 hooligans. Police Director Milorad Veljković announced that the arrests continued throughout the night and that the perpetrators of violence during Monday privoditi. However, Belgrade&#39;s gay pride in the end, he successfully held. - What we must acknowledge and make clear is that this was not the organization of individual participants, who came to protest, but rather a well-organized group of people, and that just pulls the roots of their organization from the extreme right-wing organizations and fan groups - said the State Secretary in the Ministry of Justice Slobodan Homen.
 He said he believed the proposal of the Ministry which would have banned right-wing organizations is the only way to prevent such a rampage. 124 policemen were injured, three of whom held for treatment. - It is about 121 police officers, their condition is stable, most of them will be released on home treatment - said Vladimir Djukic director of the Emergency Center. He is known and the exact number of hooligans who on Sunday demolished Belgrade - the main city streets were 6000 opponents pride parade. Number of police officers, as announced by the Minister Ivica Dacic, was smaller - 5600. Hooligan clashes with police were well organized, and it is obvious that this time the seat was targeted by extremist political parties. First, the stones and &quot;Molotov cocktails&quot; attacked and torched buildings in the Democratic Party crown street, then they are hooligans went to the premises of the SPS and LDP, which were pelted with stones and torches.
 Targeted by hooligans and found the RTS building in Takovska, where they smashed windows and torched the two police vehicles which were standing in front of the building. Riots in Belgrade have caused concern in the European Union. The Secretary General of the Council of Europe Thorbjørn Jagland expressed regret over the conflict and welcomed the Serbian government&#39;s determination in preserving human rights. - Minority groups, such as gay men and lesbians, should not live in fear of violence either in Serbia or elsewhere in Europe - said Jagland. Number of recommendations: 52 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 