It was like a rock concert where the star is waiting! Hours before the &quot;concert&quot; gathered fans armed with a suitable decoration. In this case, the flags of Iran, Lebanon and Hezbollah, and balloons in the corresponding colors. Of effort and the sun that had gathered followers for understanding big ideas of the prophet from Tehran, fell into unconsciousness, emergency services were working, a woman in full black chador raznosile the water. Their contribution to the big time. And that is? Political rock star is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, and the moment of his first official visit to Lebanon, specifically the south of the country&#39;s border with Israel! What is it deserved: hostility to Israel! The President who has many times in their performances in the West was criticized, booed, isolated because of attitudes about nuclear arms, Israel, America, Middle East and koječemu else, here is finally able to breathe! Of course, if it is criticism from the West at all striking.
 It seems that his insensitivity to international relations and diplomatic rules and thereby become proverbial. In no event should not bet that Ahmadinejad is not able to say something, or plan to accomplish. Therefore, caution is the most important and the only recommendations, bearing in mind that Iran has nuclear technology available, and when such a threat, one must think of the consequences. On this account, and Ahmadinejad, but with the atoms on oil and has a very awkward position of the country geographically and flammable environment! So that and that Mahmoud Ahmadinejad came to visit &quot;his&quot; as he called members of Hezbollah, which would not have existed had it not been ideological and financial support of Iran. Iran founded and armed Hezbollah, the only Arab fighting force which is directly managed in the fight against Israel&#39;s massive military force. Over time, created a powerful political and social movement, the most powerful in Lebanon. Ahmadinejad calls them the resistance was linked ideologically with Iran and are therefore, in his opinion, and labeled as a threat.
 As the Iranian president is the only constant, steady support for Hezbollah, it&#39;s no wonder they made it to the south along the border with Israel was greeted at the stadium in Bint Jbeil, a true hero! The President did not disappoint! He called them a school of resistance, and Israel &quot;the Zionist regime&quot; and repeated the well-known threat that Israel would &quot;disappear&quot;. This is also an area that Iran is helping rebuild after the war between Israel and Hezbollah, 2006. The reconstruction was reportedly spent one billion U.S. dollars. Not all Iranians ever in Lebanon greeted with such enthusiasm. Outside the Shiite areas to warn that it is impossible to call the savior when only bring trouble! That is the reality of Lebanon, where power is divided between different religious communities, and then one other enemy hero. In all this, not yet completed the investigation initiated by the UN 2005th in connection with the murder of Rafiq Hariri, former prime minister, which is suspected of just some members of Hezbollah.
 Visiting Iranian President Lebanon and what is happening in conjunction with him, a reminder and a number of similar visits of prominent world politicians, but also the obligations that follow after them. With the support and assistance, as a rule followed by the appendix, what is expected in return! The problem is those new details, which can be expected after this visit to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Lebanon. So does politics, where the Middle East clearest and most dangerous example.
 