Unlike Kaczynski, our politicians are skeptical about the EU, even without any request, but just obey. Under the leadership of Poland Kaczynski is no longer dependent on the European Union, and began to be increasingly turning Russia, which did not correspond to either the United States. &quot;You will swallow the monster,&quot; said last year Croats controversial David Icke, referring to the European Union. Although only one of Icke conspiracy theorists, who managed to sell his good ideas are not always based on hard evidence, we must admit that in terms of position in the Croatian law. Theories about the progress of our politicians as the Croatian member of the European Union and equality with other states, unfortunately, are just an illusion. The EU is in fact a monster with two large and one stunted head to foot to 24 feet. You guessed it, a large head that all decisions are Germany and France, stunted heads the United Kingdom, and the legs that support the Union are the other 24 states, no independence and the right to vote.
 But the big head, but for some time suffered from headaches that they are given by the three recalcitrant leg - Ireland, the Czech Republic and Poland. Remember, Ireland is just a repeated referendum accepted the Treaty of Lisbon (a kind of constitution that is supposed to complement and replace the Treaty of Nice), while the Czech Republic and Poland demanded more rights, and until the last moment to delay the signing of the ratification of the Lisbon Treaty, without which the it was impossible to further expand the EU. - Poland and the Czech Republic to jointly had to democratize the European Union. This aristocratic republic, like the EU to be, should be democratized - repeated late Polish President Lech Kaczynski and the leaders of the EU subjecting growing headache. Polish and Czech President Vaclav Klaus eurosceptical atti views are merged, with the proviso that Klaus was against the strengthening of the EU, while Kaczynski was important to strengthen the influence of Poland. The two presidents in one they were unanimous - The European Union is not and should never become a state? However, when the coffin of the late Lech Kaczynski laid on the final resting place of headaches European leaders probably disappear.
 Lech is in addition to vehemently oppose the Euro, in exchange for signing the Lisbon Treaty, Poland managed to carve out greater sovereignty in the EU. His views clashed with those of (too) liberal attitudes of the EU, since the president declared a Polish Catholic who would not accept abortion and gay marriage, and not be ashamed of any of its nationalism, anti-fascism and anti-communism. Besides Poland from other European countries stand out in times of crisis. Most of the country was in recession, and Poland has recorded annual GDP growth of 2.8 percent in 2009. year. This country has offered assistance to the International Monetary Fund, while other countries seeking assistance. cPodsjetimo, Kaczynski with the United States negotiated the construction of missile shield during his term of George W. Bush. He believed that it will protect Poland from Russia, and even though Obama was dropped from the anti-missile shield, the U.S. is not fit to be his ally, Poland come together with extensive common enemy - Russia.
 Kaczynski is no more, and temporarily took over running the country is current president of the lower house of Polish Parliament Bronislaw Komorowski. Presidential elections in Poland would be held until June, and it is anticipated that the Government would take the current Prime Minister Donald Tusk, who so far has not subjecting the problems of the EU but on the contrary, dutifully listening to commands. Thus, the three-headed monster headache resolved and najneposlušnija leg will probably be a long time to heal from injury default. Although it was rumored that Kaczynski was murdered, evidence for such claims are gone, and the investigation of his death many compare to the investigation of the terrorist attack on the WTC, 11th September, where they are responsible investigators firmly held theory that a terrorist attack carried out by members of Al-Qaeda, while they ignored the physical evidence in the WTC contained explosives. Is it murder or a game of fate, so hard that we will soon find out. Also we will not know whose tears were sincere in Lech, whose hypocritical.
 Many world leaders are at the last moment cancel attendance at the funeral of the Polish President, and most have been an excuse to air traffic problems caused by a cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland. Thus, the final resting place Lecha not accompanied German Chancellor Angela Merkel, U.S. President Barack Obama, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso, the English Prince Charles and many others. Among the first was in turn received the Prime Minister Abbas El Fassi Morocco and the Cessna 560 plane, a funeral was attended by Russian President Dmitry Medvedjev, and Czech President Vaclav Klaus. Although Poland is divided by the fact that the body will lie in Kaczynski Krakow with the kings, because many felt that it was not deserved, many will agree that the tragedy of Poland took a great man who fought for freedom and equality. Unlike Kaczynski, the Croatian president, government and opposition, could hardly wait to see our country become weak leg troglavog monsters, without any rights.
 Given the current situation should not surprise us that our politicians for that year ban to speak their own language, ask us to forget our history and to become slaves to those who believe they are better and stronger than us. They told us that they are happy that we finally have our country and now are forcing us to reconnect in the creation of the junk - the European Union. Unlike Kaczynski, our politicians are skeptical about the EU, even without any request, but just obey. Polish president was not perfect, and he probably had private interests, and for some his opinion may have been prekonzervativni, but unlike our leaders at least to those who tried to oppose to the citizens of your great country of the European Union do not look with reverence. Member States and the citizens they are just numbers. AUTHOR: Amalia Šašek HRsvijet.net
 