Posted: 21 July 2010 - 18:33 07/04/2009 (day 15) Bethany, Karak got up around 8:30 and drank coffee in front of the hotel. Today I will try to get to Bethany on the Jordan River, the place of baptism of Jesus. Arabs this place called Al Maghtas. It is a place where they laid down the foundations of Christian faith. Here they met the first five of the apostles and Jesus came here with his times from Galilee, Umm Qais and I spent here three days, after which he spent 40 days in the nearby wilderness. Many believe that this is the place where the prophet Elijah soared with the Wind in paradise. Although Bethany is quite near, there is no transportation to get there. The only solution is to hire a taxi again, but it is expensive. Another option is to go to Amman and from Amman to the village of Al Suna Džanubija, and from there a couple of miles to Bethany. I choose the last alternative. Minibus arrived at the bus station in Amman, and after less than a minute entered the second that goes by that village. Perfect schedule buses and great happiness.
 There is an old Arab with Kofi that I heard mentioned in this village, so I&#39;ll follow him. When he went out, and I go out. We came to the village of Al-Janubiyya Shuneh. There I took a taxi for 3 JD to Bethany, and turned back an hour waiting. Ticket for Bethany is 7 JD. Until the site goes free bus, which because of landmines from past conflicts, and because of the proximity to Israel. Complete the Jordan River is a military zone and access to civilians has been banned. Jordan River can be touched only in this place and the length of ten meters. Now I see that the taxi is the only possibility of coming here because we go to some country roads where there is no traffic. We pass through the hills of the Prophet Elijah - Elijah Tell. Close behind was John the Baptist&#39;s cave and one of the oldest prayer of the third century, when the religion was still illegal. In the early years of Christianity, John was much more popular than Jesus, so that even this place was more important.
 In this area, all Christian religions are represented by their churches. There is jermenska, Greek, Russian church ... Russian has already been completed and I visited her. Through dense vegetation plants tamirsk go to the exact place where John the Baptist baptized Jesus Christ. Jordan River during the last 2000 years has changed its course, so this place is no longer on the river, but a few tens of meters away. It is now a hole with dirty water, according to her stairs lead from the church that was located there at that time. People would be baptized and that he would immediately steps from the river went to church. At the site where a church was actually built several churches, each following the advance. Today only the foundations are visible and can vary based individual church. River Jordan is very small, dirty yellow, her width is greater than 10 meters, on the other side of Palestine and Israel. Guide wonder what would happen if I swam to the other side, to which we replied that Israel would immediately shoot me.
 He says to us now and watch them even though we do not see. There is also a Jordanian soldier on guard duty. With me were some Copts from Egypt, one family with a child. As I see it, the terrible religious and ritual are all umili water from the Jordan River. I&#39;ve just washed my hands, I guess God and it will be enough. Taxi back to the village, and then by minibus to Amman. How many times I just get into this horrible Aman! On the street, sat on the sidewalk and eat some burek and drank juice. Took a taxi service with a few more and some people went to the bus station Wahadat. If I get another day in Karak, it will be perfect. At the station the bus was already waiting for Karak and only to be filled. The map is about 2.5 JD. Karaka has a couple of hours to drive so I arrived early evening, the sun was already at sunset. Karak is a very small town on a hill. There is a famous castle, and this is the reason for my visit to this site. Buses stop at the foot of the hill and the city, so I&#39;m going to walk to the city.
 The town is very nice and friendly people. Tourists there, I&#39;m the only foreigner so that everyone staring at me as if I were a Martian. However, I greet with everyone politely and with a smile on his face. For the night, and here is a bit cold. Before you put in the hotel, as we always do, sitting in a restaurant to drink a little and consider what further. The restaurant is called &quot;King&#39;s restaurant&quot; and ordering a cup of coffee. The man at the next table I honor a cake. I feel obliged to render to him, so I wonder whether the restaurant would be wrong to honor him some drink, because I do not know what the customs here on this issue. Well I asked because the waiter says it does not work, because it is the owner of the restaurant and he also welcomes visitors, and is also the owner of the nearby &quot;Castle Towers&quot; in which I just thought to take the room. It is located in the hotel and then returned to the restaurant and dined local Arab food and makluba tabuleh salad.
 The hotel offered me tea and there are a few proćaskali. People are really Egyptians. He returned to the room and watched TV. I have hundreds of TV channels, but as Al Jazeera and some nonsense.
 