Dalmatian duo reached the finals of Croatian Cup. Ragbijaši Nada Split expected beat the visitors from Zagreb. After goropadnog start and achieved three goals in the first ten minutes of the meeting (Sekovanec, Burazin and Popovic), it was clear that the Split ragbijaši want with less energy consumption do meet with adolescence. Hope is the light by controlling the tempo of the match by halftime came to convincing 31:0. Guests are just over half had a close space goals the home team but failed poentirati. During the second half coach Puljiz introduced all the players from the bench to distribute the load within the team. Routine by playing host to the end of the lead increased to the final 48:0. Nobody questioned the placement of the Split team in the Cup final but the delights of their superiority and the ease with which you are playing in national competition. The real test is expected ragbijaše Hopes for eight days when the Split hosting Romanian League team Stiinta Baia Mare in the first final match of the European Clubs Trophy - Central South Eastern Europe.
 Meeting of the Makarska has brought more excitement. Makarska Riviera team came to take the lead in the tenth minute after both teams tied the game. Zagreb at times plays with conviction but never implemented in a field related to the game. At home it goes with the score 19:14 for the hosts. In the second part again zagrebčani show greater initiative, but skillfully used the hosts and guests errors in the 60-minute increase the advantage to 26:14. repeating the scenario from ovojesenske league matches when the guests in the fourth quarter meeting pressing the hosts and arrive at 26:21 active. This time the team prepared the Makarska Riviera, she managed to end an effort to keep the lead till the end and deserved to reach the Cup final. Pictures can be seen here. The final match will be played 04th December 2010. a draw will decide the host encounters. Split, Saturday 13.11. 2010th RK NADA - HARK Mladost 48:0 (31:0) Course: RK Nada (old square) Attendance: 200 Main
 Referee: Peter Matošić Split Makarska, Saturday 13.11. 2010th RK MAKARSKA - Montpellier HB 26:21 (19:14) Course: SC Makarska Attendance: 300 Main Referee: Mario Jelavić Nada Borozan, Čulić, Milanovic, Rubelj 6, Slijepčević, Milat, J. Jerčić, Buzov, miser, Sekovanec 7, Antic, Olujić Burazin 15, Draganic, Popovic 5, Saric, Vukusic, Marcic 5, G. Jerčić, Plazibat 5, Ivancic YouTube: Bulat, Brečić, Kantar, Macek, Buljat Drazenovic Dumančić Ujaković, Mihalj JURISIC Jagotić, Oxeinham, rubble, Vidovic and Markovic.
 