Football is a game in which the Germans always win .. Thus, once said a famous English footballer. That this is largely true, the Germans show us in almost every European or World Championships and the German team were very successful in European competitions so and Bayern Champions League finalist this year. Germany is a team that is all over the world to offer the best encryption football in school prom when they got to Australia 4-0. But in the second round, we have witnessed a great surprise when Serbia won 1-0 with Germany after the first round, losing to Ghana. So in this group were many surprises. Germany had their chances against Serbia, and fulala the penalty and the matter is complicated Klose who got the red and the happiness that will be against Ghane because he currently has little to offer. The situation in the group is also quite surprising: Ghana lead with 4 points followed by Germany and Serbia with 3 and Australia with one point.
 Germany goes to Ghana and has the imperative of victory, because any other result would endanger their passage into the next phase. Germany has the possibility to tie a tie game there must be a match for Serbia and Australia or Australia needs to get Serbia. However, since the matches are played at the same time, Germany will not entail any one of those teams that kalkulise. Those who can win definitely win, and not only that, but do not stop and kalkulisu the leadership rather than trying to completely destroy an opponent. Ghana plays boring football and uncertain. From the penalty they got Serbia, although Serbia has won this myself from my unknown reasons. In second round play 1-1 with Australia, and again gave the goal from the penalty and played with a player over a good part of the meeting. But they had luck, because Australia has had great chances and j should gain. What then for the match against Germany? I do not see really the way that they can defend from the onslaught of Germans who did not give the goal against Serbia.
 expect certain victory in Germany this meeting. 22.06.2010 12:37, Number of opening: 863
 