All they want as prime minister, only the facts, and it is certain that everything is uncertain! And this is a parliamentary democracy where the voters have the final word, indeed! That explained the situation the day after the British general elections the previous Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The long awaited appearance at the door of Downing Street, Brown has tried not to be party leader, but a politician calling for the national interest, business, listing all the important meetings that are in progress and announcing the need for a fairer electoral system on which the citizens should decide in a referendum. I recall that Gordon Brown that so far strongly opposed! At the same time, aware of the situation and responding to vlastioi question: where are we?, Responds: We have to get to the parliamentary majority? So let torijevci and Liberal Democrats first talk, and he will wait. If they agree, then appearances on!! All options are open to Brown.
 Resignation is not even mentioned in the clues. In fact, none of the three major parties did not achieve what was expected. Conservatives are well remained too short to have a majority in PALAMENT, and it is important for stable decision-making. Labour in particular are lagging behind in the race, a liberal Democrat with a number of its creation remain a player in that and both parties must reckon. This position provides the only player able to Nick Clegg for a great bargain. Voters are thus given a clear message - not satisfied with what they had, but not too much what to expect. Job is not finished, his eyes were now fixed on the queen of the one who intends to form a government has to get permission to do so. Former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, according to constitutional law, is entitled to the first, if able, to offer the queen form a new government. If not, then he must offer his resignation! All who know Brown are confident that he will do everything it does, that would not have had to leave Downing Street 10
 Your role will be played until the end no matter what it opponents in the election David Cameron and Nick Claigg warned that he lost! The problem is that Cameron has not got a clear majority, and must now wait for developments. Young Leader of the Opposition has no patience for it. He knows that water and that the losing party by the few who supported for five years led to victory, but victory in which will have to start with a compromise, because the Liberal Democrat Nick Craigg will only accept a call by Tory although before the elections said that the government should to form one that has a majority. There is not an end, namely, if and when they agree, it should meet the party and see their reaction to the coalition government! I recall that in some particulars Nick Craigg the opposition David Cameron. It is the EU, with which the liberal Democrat wants stronger ties with the Tory can only cause chaos. There remains the question of immigration, on which has been hotly debated voters.
 Should we close the free flow of people to choose when and where ot-yes or no? What to say about Gordon Brown at the end, for which he himself, when I know that is close to but these days not recall? Like any politician, he is convinced that it worked the best for his country, especially in the economy which consistently reminds us of the results achieved as finance minister in Tony Blair&#39;s government, and continued later as Prime Minister. Prečuo is often a warning from their own ranks, especially from opponents: that all the difficulties arising from these and his early and later works! So do not give him credit for going out of the crisis that he himself had created. Not that Brown no exception! Politicians around the world, forget about the incredible ease of cause-effect relationships their actions, if they just smiled back power. It is enough that we turn around, there are examples! The British economy is on solid legs, say analysts Economist.
 The budget deficit in relation to the economy is nearly as great as the Greek, the public sector is higher, which is a time bomb that leaves Brown&#39;s successor. Because of the character, and procedures Gordon Brown has earned comparisons with Stalin and helpless comic character Mr. Bean. He inherited the position of Tony Blair&#39;s 2007th, when the party and the government began to stagger. He survived several attempts to dismiss the internal shock and saw that he was at the end of the voters and say: do not you! 13 years Labour government ended with Brown far from that long ago when almost football celebration in Downing Street for the first time he entered Tony Blair and his New Labour. The elderly are fast!
 