Pope Benedict XVI, who is in a four-day visit to Britain, in his first speech in Edinburgh called on Britain to retain its &quot;traditional values&quot; versus &quot;all agresivijem form of secularism in the country, the agency reported Thursday. - United Kingdom seeks a modern and multicultural society. In this challenge should always maintain respect for those traditional values and cultural expressions of increasingly aggressive secularism is no longer the price or even can not stand, said the Pope in the presence of Queen Elizabeth II. that it has received in his Holyrood Palace in Edinburgh, said. Tribute to the fighters against Nazism Speaking of Northern Ireland, the Pope gave his support &quot;just and lasting peace&quot; in the area. - The government of your Highness and the Government of Ireland have helped in the birth of a peaceful solution to the conflict. I encourage all who participate in this process to continue to stride boldly through a lasting and just peace, &quot;said Pope.
 The Holy Father in his speech touched on the role of Britain in World War II, paying tribute to the fighters against the Nazi tyranny that she wanted to &quot;remove God from society&quot; and that many &quot;denied the right to life, especially the Jews.&quot; This part of the speech was particularly touched Queen Elizabeth, who survived the German bombing of London and whose royal family refused to leave the capital in the midst of the greatest dangers. The Queen spoke of a common Christian heritage, Anglicans and Catholics and their belief that religion should never be an excuse for violence. The Pope, speaking to reporters on board the flight for Scotland, commented on the global pedophilia scandal in the Catholic Church, kritiziravši church leaders were not vigilant enough and not fast enough and firmly implement the necessary measures. Condemnation of pedophiles in the Church - It is difficult to understand how this perversion of the clergy at all possible.
 Also, it is very sad that church leaders were not vigilant enough and were not quick enough and committed to the implementation of necessary measures, &quot;he said, his words and Reuters called among the clearest yet on such a shocking scandal. In the afternoon, the Pope traveled from Edinburgh to Glasgow where he celebrated the first Mass in the open, in Bellahouston Park, in front of 80 000 people. On this occasion should occur, and the choir of 800 singers and singer Susan Boyle, the Scottish Catholic who gained fame after a television show. In the evening, the Pope traveled by plane to London where he will be on Friday and Saturday to hold a series of meetings and events on the political, ecumenical and interreligious level. The visit ends on Sunday in Birmingham, the beatification of Cardinal John Newman, theologian of the 19th century that has left the Anglican church and accept the Catholic faith. Benedict XVI is the second Pope to visit Britain since the King Henry VIII.
 The 1534th broke away from the Vatican because the Pope refused to annul then his marriage to Catherine of Aragon. In Britain in 1982. was his predecessor John Paul II. The visit will therefore abound symbolism on Friday, when Pope Benedict XVI as the first pope to enter into Westminster Abbey, the magnificent church of Henry VIII. did the new cathedral of the Anglican Church. Papa will be there with the head of the Anglican church, Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams pray for Christian Unity, said the AFP citing the Dean of Westminster Abbey by John Hall. (Hina) Kasper Britain called &quot;Third World&quot; On the occasion of the four-day visit of Pope Benedict XVI Britain German Cardinal Walter Kasper has called Britain &quot;the Third World,&quot; adding that it stretched out &quot;aggressive neoateizam. In an interview published by German weekly Focus, Cardinal Kasper said: &quot;When you land at Heathrow airport sometimes you feel that you have landed in the Third World.&quot;
 He added that &quot;in England spread neoateizam aggressive.&quot; The Vatican hopes that the Pope&#39;s visit to bring Catholics and Anglicans, downplayed the significance of those words. &quot;Cardinal Kasper opinions do not represent in any case of negative intent and contempt towards the British,&quot; said Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said in a statement. In the words of Lombardy, Cardinal Kasper in his statement &quot;referred to the fact that the arrival at the airport of London, as is the case with many world capitals, we find that we are in a country where they face the human reality of the most different backgrounds and living conditions.&quot; Cardinal Kasper, which was originally expected to attend the Pope&#39;s visit to the Vatican has not approved the visit, the official &quot;health reasons&quot;. The Catholic Church in England and Wales distanced itself from the event. &quot;Comments attributed to Cardinal Kasper does not represent the views of the Vatican nor the bishops of that country,&quot; said the spokesman.
 Resistance in Britain Priest Ian Paisley, a historical figure of radical Protestantism in Northern Ireland, a few days ago sent a harsh word about the Pope&#39;s visit that &quot;greeted as king,&quot; the DPA. Outspoken 84-year-old former prime minister of Northern Ireland since 2007. by 2008., which carries the nickname &quot;Dr No&quot;, he said that cases of pedophilia in the Catholic Church justify his constant opposition to Rome. Pope journalists covering his visit also said that he is not concerned about the possibility of protest, expressing confidence that the British sense of &quot;respect and tolerance&quot; to overcome. The expectation had not completely realized because it was on the streets of Edinburgh, welcomed the group of protesters, carrying banners derogatory and offensive. Papa he could see from his papamobila. 17.09.2010. Add to favorite articles Send to a friend Print Comment
 