In the capital city of Thailand&#39;s army in the early hours of Wednesday jutarniim violent protesters who broke through barricades for weeks blocked the center of Bangkok. Opposition representatives have announced the capitulation, the agency reported. After the Thai army violently broke through barricades opposition at the center of the capital, insurgents Jatopurn Prompan representative said that the demonstrators &quot;give up any further fight to prevent further victims.&quot; Members of the Thai military who are armored vehicles broke through the barricades of the opposition used the ammunition and tear gas. Through megaphones demonstrators were called to remove from the streets. Nevertheless, thousands of protesters refused to leave the barricades, and when the army moved in their breakthrough obstacles were soaked with gasoline and set on fire. The center of Bangkok with a large shopping mall was the scene of violent clashes. The escalation of violence came after the failure of mediation attempts between the government and opposition representatives.
 The government refused to negotiate with the rebels as long as you do not remove the barricades from the center of the capital, and thereby end the blockade that has lasted for nine weeks. One of the leaders of protest movements, Nattawut Saikua, urged all supporters during the night to prepare for the case of attempting a violent crackdown on the rebellion. Earlier Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra, who lives in exile (in part and Montenegro) and whose return to the country require the representatives of the opposition, warned of the danger of civil war in the country. He was in a telephone statement to Reuters news agency said he would crack down on violent protests could lead to a deep hatred against the government and the emergence of guerrilla movements in the country. At the same time contested claims that in recent days sabotaged efforts to initiate negotiations between representatives of the opposition and the cabinet. In the protests that have been running for nine weeks so far has killed about 70 people. The demonstrators who because of their clothing called &quot;crvenokošuljašima&quot; have great support among the general population siromašnjijim.
 One of the main political demands the calling of new parliamentary elections in the country. Most are supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra. Deutsche Welle
 