The workshop &quot;Preparing for School&quot; and &quot;chip&quot; features an International Convention on the Rights of the Child in the Family Center. The children drew and wrote the message and developed a common poster on the theme &quot;Let&#39;s get to know their rights.&quot; The workshop was held on 18 November 2010. Family Center on the premises 15-17 hours. You know you&#39;re right? Do you know that there is a law called the Convention on the Rights of the Child? Your rights are what we do that and what people who are responsible for you must do to be happy / on, sound / and sure. Of course, you have responsibilities towards other children and adults so that they too have their rights. Convention is an agreement between countries to obey the same law. When the government of a country to accept the Convention, it means that she agrees to obey the law which was written in the Convention. The Republic of Croatia adopted the Convention on the Rights of the Child 1992nd year.
 This means that our government must now make sure that every child has all rights under the Convention. Each article of the Convention explains your right one. Convention on the Rights of the Child was written for lawyers, so that even adults are a little harder to understand. We decided to choose a law for which we think are important and explain them in simple words. You are entitled to know what are your rights - so says Article 42 Convention! Article 1 All those who are younger than 18 years have all rights under the Convention. Article 2 You have these rights, regardless of who you are, who your parents are, what color your skin, which are gender or religion, what language they speak, whether you suffer from a disorder and are you rich or poor you are. Article 3 Whenever an adult has anything to do with you, he or she must do what is best for you. Article 6 All must agree that you have the right to life.
 Article 7 Your right to have a name, and when you are born, your name, along with the names of your parents and your date of birth must be recorded. You have the right to a nationality, the right to know who your parents and be cared for you. Article 9 And must not be separated from your parents, unless it is for your own good. For example, if your parents hit or if you do not care for you. Also, if your parents decide to live separately, although you will have to live with one of them, your right to be in contact with one and other. Article 10 If you and your parents do not live in the same country, your right to join them and to live in the same place. Article 11 No one should steal, but if this happens, the authorities of your country must do everything in order and to find and return. Article 12 Whenever adults make a decision that you are in any way concerns me is your right to say his opinion, that adults must take seriously.
 Article 13 Your right to saznaješ things to say, write or nacrtaš what you mean, if it will not violate the rights of another. Article 14 You have the right to think whatever you want and be whatever religion you want. Your parents would have meant to help you learn what is good and what is bad. Article 15 Your right that you meet, and shall take sprijateljuješ clubs with other people, if it will not violate the rights of another. Article 16 Your right to have a private life. This, for example, means that you can keep a diary that nobody else is allowed to read. Article 17 You have the right to collect information from radio, television, in newspapers, books, etc., from all over the world. Adults must ensure that you get the information that you will understand. Article 18 Your parents should be together and to raise and do what is best for you. Article 19 No one in any way not ozlijediti.Odrasli must make sure that you&#39;re protected by / from abuse and neglect.
 You nor your parents can not hurt. Article 20 If you do not have parents, or if it is safe for you to live with them, then you are entitled to special protection and assistance. Article 21 If you adopt someone, adults must make sure that everything is as it is best for you. Article 22 If you are a refugee (which means if you have to leave her country, because there&#39;re not sure), then you are entitled to special protection and assistance. Article 23 If you have a disability, either mentally or physically, then you are entitled to special care and education, which will help you to grow up like all other children. Article 24 You are entitled to good zdravlje.To means that when you are sick / on, you get professional care and medication. Adults need to do everything we can to the child would not be ill, so they will feed it and care for him. Article 27 You are entitled to a good enough standard of living. This means that your parents have to make sure that you have something to eat, what to wear, to where you live, etc.
 If this is your parents can not do, you must help the government of the country where you live. Article 28 You have the right to education. Elementary education shall be free and you have to go into primary školu.Također should by have the opportunity to go to high school. Article 29 The purpose of your education is to develop your personality, talents and their mental and physical abilities to the fullest extent possible. Education and would also be prepared to lead a responsible and peaceful life in a free society, to understand other people&#39;s rights and respect for the environment. Article 30 If you belong to a minority, are entitled to gajiš their culture, practice their religion and speak their language. Article 31 You have the right to play. Article 32 Your right to be protected / and from work in place or under conditions that could harm your health or interfere with your education. If someone earns money, your work, you must pay the fair.
 Article 33 Your right to be protected / a of illegal drugs and the work of production and sale of drugs. Article 34 Yours is right to be free / from sexual zlostavljanja.To means that nobody should tamper with something that works your body, or to convince you that it was good. Nobody, for example, must not touch, or paint, and the urge to say things that do not. Article 35 Nobody should steal or sell. Article 37 Even if you do something bad, no one should be punished in a way that was demeaning to you or that you really hurt. Never and should never put in prison, except in extreme circumstances, and if that happens, then you are entitled to special care and regular visits to your family. Article 38 You are entitled to protection in times of war. If you have less than fifteen years, you may not get to go into the army or to fight in the war. Article 39 If someone in any way injured or neglected, for example during the war, you are entitled to special care and treatment.
 Article 40 If you&#39;re accused of that you are committed by a crime, your right to defend. Police, prosecutors and judges on the court must treat you with respect and have to make sure that you understand what&#39;s happening. Article 42 All adults and all children must know to this Convention. Your right is to learn about their rights, and it should work, and adults. The Convention on the Rights of the Child has altogether 54 articles, but in most other articles are talking about how adults and governments should collaborate in order to make sure that all children get the rights to which they belong. Perhaps you too will want to read the entire convention. Talk about the Convention with their friends, parents and teachers. If you want other people to talk about children&#39;s rights, and I was / and will help other children. The more people understand that children have rights, the greater the likelihood that it will help your children to grow up healthy, safe and free.
 