Blood Diamond - time of death of the Congo and back to Mumbay By Krešimir Raguž Photo by Zoran Marinovic Scary jungle through which they break through the fear creeping deep into the bone. Shaking them. Plays with them. More do not know whether hot or cold. The head of a nightmare picture of what could happen. Sea only for a moment interrupted by malarial mosquitoes by the door long ago does not force. Here we all want to drink blood, so why they would not get their share. I wish them to remain, mumbling, and we will return to the vulnerable reality. I would not be the first by the chaos of the jungle silently swallowed. Oh, no. Far from it. Conrad was right in the heart of darkness has no mercy. Just endless depth. Congo River is the border. More than a thousand kilometers from each of its shore is covered in another iskon the largest such place in the world. Immediately after the Amazon. We came close, tells us Seng. For hours we repeated the same. Whenever you are afraid that we will not give up.
 From the search, and then pay its services. Fifty dollars for it means at least two months of food. So pointing, pushing, repeating that she knows exactly where on the water. By screen orošenog GPS conclude that we have already several times by a couple of kilometers south and west crossed the equator. But we are far from rivers. Fucking place to leave the bones. Otherwise, we would say that there is no money in the world which is worthy of this foolishness. No gold. Only maybe ... &#39;There are&#39; screams our guide, so it dies down a sniper who knows that and I naciljan. Rupa izrovanih tributaries of the river, too abruptly for my taste found us under their feet. The first of hundreds of dirty human creature who is in her ugarali are so close that we already feel their stench. &quot;Walk slowly, I first approached. If you see that I run, you run even faster. If you lie, you can bury. If I fall ... fuck it, then no you there is no salvation. It will be indifferent to what you&#39;re doing.
 Too late. Bad luck &#39;. But I guess it was one of those days when things are perfectly matched. Someone falls asleep, do not come to work and to avoid traffic. That&#39;s home. Here are the soldiers probably drunk somewhere or forgotten guns or raping any unfortunate, who knows. It is only that they were not. Just here, on this hole, somewhere in the jungle between the towns of Butembo and Lubero, much to the left of the village Mulo, suppose the height Kayabayonge, which is actually all in the north of North Kivu and North Grand, in the Democratic Republic of Congo and former Zaire, in place without names if we honestly, we started there. Beneath our feet was the original. Diamond mine. Bloody lot more than great. More conflict than it is their firm mineral core. Vrelijih eruption of Nyiragongo, a nearby volcano that they have for centuries from her womb makes just under the feet of these people. With one of the diggers, Michelle, who soon turned to the leader of this group dropped desperate we sat we kiss.
 Offer a cigarette there is the greatest reward. Friendship is made. Pact of silence. The survival of the possible consequences of this unusual event. Our mine, or more precisely one hole is a few hundred in this part of Congo. By the amount of extracted diamonds, this is the fourth country in the world. After the first alleged stock. South Africa&#39;s De Beers, through a Belgian company, the country is co-owned a local only legal mines. Everyone else looks more or less like this. Pathetic. I controlled some of armies or militias as shaking mans land that has become such since the fall of dictator Mobutu Sese Seka 1997th year. The capital Kinshasa is located about 1500 kilometers from here. In between there are no roads. Perfect place for a savage. But all against all. There are several dominant groups. FDLR troops emerged from the Interahamwe Hutu militia in Rwanda who committed genocide known. CNDP, General N&#39;Kunde, composed of Rwandan Tutsis and kongoležanskih.
 These two groups are the most hated. To the core. There is also a Mai-Mai militia, national defense, and perhaps craziest of all. FARDC is the regular army Kinshasa, no less criminal than others. In 2009. they paid 2.5 salary. A lot of the rest of Ugandan rebels and the army and fighters forgotten Simba movement .... The goal of any of them long ago not political. Just because violence is possible and control over minerals. Smuggling of diamonds is a major source of income. From that money to buy weapons and food to. Because it continues its game in which during the past 14 years in the Congo were killed about 6 million people. Therefore, the diamond out of here and conflicting it is forbidden to sell anywhere in the world. To prevent this from happening seven years ago under UN declared partonatom Kimberlyjev process - a series of decrees regulating the global diamond market. The misery of the jungle, somehow in the midst of talks with Michel, we decided to explore how the end of the same functions.
 Or more accurately, as warlords deftly evaded. Motivation was not hard to find. &#39;All of us here have no one and nothing. We work for two dollars a day. From dawn to dusk. Some are bound to perform, and this debt, others are slaves trapped in a conflict. They would have fled, but do not know in which direction they should run toward the house. Third, as I have to feed the large family and this is the best job I could find. The soldiers who guard us, and now they are gone, they can earn twice as much from us. &quot; Who controls this area, I asked him. &#39;Currently Mai-Mai. Before he was FDLR, but they agreed to exchange as well. That was the CNDP, and it would be blood. &quot; A few more cigarettes, and then the entire box scrapers, it is enough to make us spend the holes from which they extracted stones you ladies so happy to buy at Tiffany&#39;s. I asked him can you see anything, even to buy. Do not laugh, but it can. From the pants he took out a stone.
 Karat to maps and a half. Price? Rights whatnot. In Zagreb, cut around 8000 euros. Here is the starting price for crude, before bargaining, it was $ 50. About 233 times less. Thanks. &#39;To know that I&#39;m trying to sell or kill me or my children. &quot; So why prodaješ? &#39;Because the children with no money anyway die of hunger. &quot; I promised him that I&#39;ll be back. Once you know the one that we may sell, and the second arm, and smugglers that this garbage is taken out of the country, and after that those who till it, and sales. Last come buyers. They unfortunately know. And after this they would rather spit. However, it was one after another. Boss Makamba diamond trader is 100 kilometers away from the city Butemba. He, and many of his colleagues there, collect the diamonds that they bring the army out of the jungle. He is not interested in how they are called colonels carriers. Nor does it concern you at all have the name of the people who found the diamonds.
 And I asked him could I buy that stone. &#39;Otherwise it should not. You know it&#39;s forbidden to take out Kong. &quot; What, then, why keep this trade and why it is the same weight in this town. And not just to themselves Kongolezi have this luxury, I tried to go through the logic. Now and then lied to me not interested in business, but to me the diamond will be the bride. &#39;Then you can. Price for tickets is $ 250. &quot; Wow, that&#39;s how we jumped five times. It will be the rental stores along dirty roads Butemba high, so a little robbed of stray white man. Anyway, I was not up to shopping. However, Makamba I managed well in the end use. With a few mysterious and fictitious calls on the Croatian who was it sounded like a rich Russian, I brought into question the theory of the bride and imposed a much more acceptable that I&#39;m somebody&#39;s agent. Immediately following questions about with whom you should talk to if I want to buy a few more stones, sent me the &#39;next hand. &quot;
 &#39;This is a family that regulates securities&#39; greeted me Makamba. Fix securities means finding people who will issue a false certificate of origin of diamonds. Confirmation of the Congo means that the diamond in the west can not be sold, but she has no conflict in Uganda prefix and a stone with such documentation is desirable and welcome from Tel Aviv, via Antwerp to New York. The fact that Uganda has no mines of diamonds and, therefore, can not be a country of origin of course that no one bothers. I fell to my mind an expression that silence is golden, but I immediately realized that his lot in this game sjajnijoj vrednijoj and no place. &#39;Family&#39; or Fikser, as I expected, were much less in the mood for my games. When they are not shared reminders. A photograph can be like in the center of the CIA. The reasons for at least a handful. Villa in the center Butemba receives on a daily basis by several Chinese, Lebanese, Russians and Indians.
 Her boss however has for several years. He became the first billionaire in dollars to this end, papers published from Uganda as an assembly line, so it was shortened to head competition. Spared his wife, who soon after korota over the entire work. She was cautious, and though alive, or it no long has seen. They call her mom business. They say it is very thick. And it is more or less what they say at all. Nabildani monkeys who work for her or do not have a name. Just like her or not tell. One of them realized that I&#39;m not a serious buyer, so he asked me to come when the boss returns from the annual. So never again. I listened to it and not because of their refusal, but because I was a nice officer of the local miners&#39; association, Pierre Nyarugama explained that my chances of entering the job straight walks on Mars. &#39;Everything here sells removed to India. You know ... men in white cars.
 They do not even need the confirmation from Uganda. They fly direct to the factories. &quot; After a brief srca Lonely Hearts words twisted I realized what it tells Pierre. Or unjustly imposed, were still to be verified. Specifically, in the Congo is currently more than ten thousand peacekeepers. The most numerous are those from India. During recent years this country has just become the largest manufacturer, then processing position, the diamonds in the world. Jews traditionally skilled Indians are swept out of this job. As for cheaper treatment, but probably even more because the bosses in Jaipur and Mumbay Kimberlyjev process is not the slightest worried. If any of them even has savjesnijih those who would like to have confirmation that the diamond is not from conflict sources, the acquisition of the same in Uganda for them is a joke. As before the dictatorship of Idi Amin of their countrymen, like the Kenya, Uganda shaking again. This reporter duo know what is next for us to do.
 Map of Zagreb-Vienna-New Delhi in the pocket and found myself before we temporarily left Africa. We decided that after checking the situation on the subcontinent must be returned back to Michel. Hot Mumbay largest diamond polishing center is currently in the world. Next to him by the results is Jaipur. There, we got lucky. Director of a grinding shop Sheesh Mahal naively we agreed to show the entire processing of precious stones. Workers whose earning about $ 300 were dancing with piles of maps at your fingertips. None of the mineral was not bloody, of course. Indeed every movement on its outskirts was becoming brighter. Looking diamonds there in the middle of the Indian Jaipur, I saw one hole where I left my poor Michel. Come a long way is the cornerstone of which is sought for days, weeks. The stone that was found, got the crumbs, and continued to seek a new one. There, in the Congo it is blurry, I was something like a piece of glass.
 Here he became a value. &#39;This piece of emerald and diamond costs $ 45 000&#39; gloated the director and cerekalo are pointing to a set of necklace. Now, we know that in India there are sites all manner of precious stones. But what about the diamond. Where is he? &#39;I do not know&#39; snapped. And who knows, we are taught. &quot;Whoever it was acquired.&quot; Who is this person? &#39;I do not know. &quot; Do you know anything regarding this diamond? &#39;What do I need to know. Processed in our factory and sell it in our jewelery. &quot; I am just interested in where it is, you know it is important to me, I asked conciliatory. &quot;Are you asking the wrong person &#39;finished our conversation twisted and added to the end of this price this piece will not be able to buy anywhere else in the world. That I was well aware. And just because even the layman this whole situation had to do the unusual. Price of diamonds is determined on the world stock exchanges. Price is known, the maps are changing almost daily.
 So how is it possible that in India costs much less than anywhere else. He did not know. Me was afraid to know. I was looking for answers. Even in Zagreb, there was a company that sells investment diamonds, Diamonds International Corporation - DIC Here we search for answers regarding pricing, material on Kimberlyjevom repeat the process, confirmed that the minerals from Congo are conflicting and that the certificate can not get them. These dear people, or director of the Zagreb branch of the Czech diamond giant, Ivo Dinner, explained that scholars in composition and color diamond can determine its exact origin. Indian brusioci therefore know who is from Congo, which in Botswana. All they know everything, and yet ... He played for a month and deep jungle of the Congo was again under our feet. Again, fear and discomfort. Some mosquitoes prefer to drink my blood than human beasts that roam here.
 The situation is complicated. Under the policy, and for more control over the mines, there was a new series of conflicts. During a full day&#39;s drive from Goma to Lubera news on the radio as we listened to a radio station there or not. Although we stopped at the barricades in the jungle, we could not figure out how nasty. The next day we were. And on your skin. A jeep that we went looking for Michelle, but additional responses, was attacked by a mob in Luberu. Without the victims managed to pull on the &#39;reserve position&#39;, but our car and a big part of things remained in the burning jeep. We fled to Butembu and went looking for Michel. Even before we stepped on the field full of fear Seng has warned us to be happy again got those $ 50, but that is no longer any one hole, and maybe not even our friends on it. &#39;When you stop to work through the conflict. The only question is who will then control.
 Michel now instead of shovels carrying a gun ... &#39; Yes. Rifle. It is the answer to our questions. Diamond shines everywhere in the world, loves it up is to praise him. The Congo is a diamond just a tool that serves to make up for it earned for a new rifle. He was here red from blood. With the help of a few drunken NGOs vaca night and we learned how things just work. The World Bank has launched a secret program to disarm rebels in the Congo and it singled out 40-odd million dollars. The first gun was purchased with money from diamonds. Every soldier who comes out of the jungle and brought the now useless anyway rusty rifle for it gets a hundred dollars. When the swap is made a soldier who returns to what he was into it and sent. The commander gives $ 80, and twenty reserves for itself. Then suppose the colonel for 50 buys a new rifle and a hundred bullets. He keeps $ 30. The money invested in the industry. With the new rifle and grenades, his soldiers conquered a new diamond mine.
 When the slaves and prisoners find diamonds there, the commander of merchants selling them. This income is sufficient to buy the first gun. With it may go to war for a new mine ... Enormously because we tried to table posjesti one of those people. Commander of the Mai-Mai militia general Parece La Fontaine was almost perfect. A story in the east of Congo said that he personally killed several hundred people. His soldiers, dozens if not hundreds of thousands. This man personally ordered the mass rape of over Butemba. That night I shook hands with the devil ... &#39;The question about diamonds is not pertinent. We are fighting for the freedom of the Congo. Opponents of the Tutsis and N&#39;Kunda us who want to hijack our country. Diamonds in all of us are not interested in &#39;severed the criminal lying, laughing. His soldiers drink the blood of their victims because they believe that this will get their power. On the blood I may not drink, but his hands are bloody, even when they are clean.
 Maybe it was put on them and they lost our friend. Maybe the collar of a fine lady from high society. Glossy or Blood Diamond? In the jungles of the Congo this is really embarrassing question set. Almost as well as on Fifth Avenue in New York.
 