Why war is the natural state of neo-liberalism, and why no one wants to wars in Afghanistan and Iraq to stop? Serious financial and economic crisis always comes bundled with a recession - a response to high unemployment as public works. And the biggest public works, of course, wars. This means that the army is the largest public works contractor. Especially U.S. military, of course. Even worse: &quot;The U.S. military is the largest - and virtually the only major - the U.S. employment program,&quot; said Robert B. Reich, now a professor, once Clinton&#39;s Secretary of Labor. If you look at the numbers, the picture immediately sharpen. Note: the host is 1400. 000 Americans, 833 000 of them in reserve, and about 1.6 million were employed in companies that are working for the army. Without the army, without that &quot;proturecesijskog&quot; programs - unemployment in America would be significantly higher than now: the current unemployment rate is 9.5 percent, and no army would amount to 11.5 percent.
 And just this: in what regions of the U.S. people last year earned more than before? In which regions of the U.S. personal income people increased last year? Only in those where a large concentration of military and federal service - San Antonio (Texas), Virginia Beach (Virginia) and Washington (DC). Ergo: The military operates proturecesijski. Is this an argument for the simplest way is to have a huge army. You do not need to think more. All your social worries cease. raise the military, the defense budget? Is this an argument for additional military spending? Is this an argument for increasing the military? No, quite the opposite, says Reich, &quot;a military giant disguised employment program is a crazy way of employment because it creates jobs that do not need, and we retain them because there is no honest alternative.&quot; The easiest way is to have a huge army. I do not need to think more. All your social stop worrying. Nothing can be changed.
 Everything can stay the way it is. The unemployed are you? Go into the military-industrial complex! Because Congress is always so crazy when the government announces some sort of savings in the military-industrial complex: if the environment that comes from this or that congressman unemployment rises, it will be in the next election killed. Say: Congress went crazy when Defense Secretary Robert Gates recently said it will cut some business subcontractors. Furthermore, Congress has gone crazy when Gates announced that they will close the Command in Norfolk (Virginia). And, finally, Congress has gone crazy when Gates announced that they will cease production of some transport and combat planes, which no longer need. Rhetorical reaction congressmen and senators, and Republican and Democratic, was always the same: &quot;This will weaken the security of America&#39;s defense!&quot; Or: &quot;It will reduce our national security!&quot; What is definitely vicious ezopština. Actually they wanted to say: Hey, if you reduce the contract work of subcontractors, if prisons Command in Norfolk, if you stop producing planes because they no longer need, this means that in my region - okay, in my voting area - to reduce the number of jobs, which in turn means that it will reduce both personal American War, Afghanistan and Iraq, not just a continuation of politics by other means, but also the continuation of economics by other means - the continuation of neoliberal economics to other means of income my voting base, which in turn means that my dissatisfaction with the voting base flood , which ultimately means you&#39;ll lose the next election - and a job.
 National security is, therefore, cloud curtain, just a cover for the status quo of employment in the military-industrial complex, just a cover for military employment policies on which the positions of senators and congressmen. An additional irony is that Gates probably did not intend to reduce the U.S. military budget, even accidentally, far from it - the U.S. military budget next year would be expected to increase by 2.2 percent, so it will amount to 708 billion dollars. If you add more budget the Department of Homeland Security, Office for Veterans, the office that manages the nuclear weapons and military intelligence services, you get about 950 billion. Briefly: U.S. defense budget is larger than under Bush. Gates just wants to close the command that you no longer need - and stop the production of aircraft that you no longer need. And Congress wants just the opposite: that America still has a military command that no longer needs to continue to have military bases that do not need - and to continue to produce weapons that are no longer needed.
 It is the only way to Congressmen and Senators in their respective regions preserve jobs - a singular way to prevent unemployment, their voting base. It is also the only way to ensure their ballot based jobs. If no other way, will produce a weapon that is outdated, which nobody wants and which reduces the security of U.S. military and U.S. national security. The more we produce obsolete and unnecessary weapons, more jobs! Production of outdated, useless, unnecessary weapons strengthens national security! Who supports the production of outdated, useless, unnecessary weapons, supporting U.S. troops in Iraq, Afghanistan and other fronts of the U.S.! So do not touch the national security! Reich says: &quot;National security is a cover for job security.&quot; Assassination When recession comes, the safest jobs in the army. In the army there is no recession, unemployment.
 In the army no one loses a job - unless he rapes her, deform and kill really large numbers of civilians (and catch it) or confidential documents not &quot;translating&quot; the website Wikileaks, as did Bradley Manning, 22-year military intelligence officer who now in Quantico probably some spicy waterboarding torture, what about the other side and still be good if we think that the Republican Congressman Mike Rogers for it requires the death penalty. Both the American War, Afghanistan and Iraq, not just a continuation of politics by other means, but also continued in other economies funds - continued neoliberal economics by other means. What is the main characteristic of the neoliberal economy? Outsourcing. slashing jobs at home and the migration of jobs overseas. Otakanje jobs in the Third World - tja, where cheap labor force, and where life is cheap . wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, Americans are neoliberalism and the logic of outsourcing and pervertirali led to the end point: where life is cheap, Americans are - the American soldiers, officials of the defense sector, subcontractors military-industrial complex, etc.
 - Ensure the well-paid jobs. Is there anything better than that you&#39;re well paid in a country where everything is cheap? Is not that the definition of the American dream? They do not return to the prosperity of society? They do not return to society of plenty? American wars are not just &quot;preventative&quot; reduce unemployment which has already destroyed &quot;predkriznu&quot; Bush&#39;s America, but also abroad - in the Third World - &quot;open&quot; a bunch of new jobs. Or rather: what are &quot;poured&quot; into the Third World, They took back - and in abundance! With interest. With a vengeance, as they themselves say. But these jobs are quite clear neoliberal format: position in Iraq and Afghanistan is just the right position imagines what the neo-liberal capitalism. Position in Iraq and Afghanistan job in Iraq and Afghanistan is the ideal neoliberal job stressful, overtime, day and mortally dangerous, with a high possibility that an employee committed suicide the neoliberal ideal job stressful, overtime, day and mortally dangerous, with great possibility that an employee committed suicide.
 Web site iCasualties.org, which counted the dead on the side of the occupying forces, these days it is reported that in Afghanistan dropped the magic threshold of 2,000, it is therefore already killed more than 2,000 soldiers - of which the 1226 U.S. (331 British and 445 corpses shared by other &quot;willing&quot;). In Iraq, fell even more foreign troops, 4723 - 4405 of them American. But in Afghanistan the war is heating up: in June and July that killed nearly 200 foreign troops. Good job, but neoliberal - you die. die. And for those who die can not say that the victims of war, but victims of accidents at work. There is no such alternative position in Iraq and Afghanistan is the fulfillment of a dream ... ee neo-liberal, neo-liberal imperatives: If you want a secure job, look dangerous job! ago - in the pioneering times of the conquest of the Wild West - for it to be a dangerous business took care of the Indians: for now to ensure Afghans and Iraqis.
 And most important: the market works! The market works! Wait, who or what God is neo-liberals? True, the invisible hand of the market. Well, the invisible hand that manages and regulates the market, constantly worried that in Afghanistan and Iraq is enough work. When the flame dies away in Iraq, Grune in Afghanistan - when you reduce the number of dead in Iraq, the increase in Afghanistan - when Iraq reduced the need for American troops, the increase in Afghanistan - where in Iraq to reduce the number of U.S. troops, will resound to the cry of panic Increase the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan. And that&#39;s not all. As you know, Iraq is just another 50,000 U.S. troops - once it was 170.000. This means that the number of U.S. soldiers dramatically decreased. Nothing bad, much less dramatic: the other side to increase the number of private security guards who were replaced by U.S. troops and companies that employ podizvođačka a la Blackwater, contracting partners of the Pentagon, which is about 2,700.
 Or more precisely: in Iraq, about 95,000 private security guards in Afghanistan even more, about 112 000. Which means three things: First, private security guards in Iraq and Afghanistan than American soldiers; secondly, when American troops finally leave Iraq, the number of companies that will podizvođačkih lifrati private security guards, substitute U.S. troops will dramatically increase, to 6,000, perhaps even 7000; and third, the war and occupation have been completely privatized, but these perverse outsourcing are not only created a new, well-paid jobs, but the jobs that were previously occupied by American soldiers, hired a private army that carries out a former soldier and a job that is better paid by the regular army. Oustourcing military service, which began immediately after the fall of the Berlin Wall and the end of the Cold War, it has come to its logical conclusion. You see, the invisible hand of the market, which takes care of freedom to the free flow of capital and labor, in Iraq and Afghanistan has not failed.
 In America it is. And in Europe. Wars used to be the last stage of imperialism - are now the last stage of neoliberalism. Just as it is for those who die can not say that the victims of war, but victims of accidents at work should wars imperialism, neoliberalism, and they should be. What is not difficult: I have already neoliberalism is the military situation - financial brutal contests, attacks and hostile corporate takeover, secrecy, operations and activities at the edge of legality, killing competition, worship and celebration of authority, žmikanje workforce, conformity, obedience, humiliation, removing weaknesses and the weaker members, suspension of emotions, the liquidation of positions. Or better said: the war is the natural state of neoliberalism. Do you think that the Americans in July 2011. really get out of Afghanistan? Come on. It would mean too many unemployed people, too many lost jobs, too many red numbers, too many bankruptcies, suicides, too.
 And what do you think, why Bradley Manning now so attacking and demonizing? Why is it declared a traitor and Public Enemy no. 1? Why say that the issue is strictly confidential military documents about the Afghan war endanger the lives of U.S. soldiers and U.S. national security? Logical: when ugroziš freedom of neoliberal capitalism, ugrožavaš national security. Why do you think you are trying in every way as much compromise - and you think, why have discovered that gay? They wanted to say, type should be hospitalized! It needs to send a psychiatrist! For electric shocks! Certainly, only a madman would destroy such a wonderful financial pyramid as the war in Afghanistan - only a madman would try to bury the company so well! As Brecht said: &quot;What is the robbing of a bank compared with founding the bank,&quot; we could say that the war in comparison to neo-liberalism! Suicide As already said, post in Afghanistan or Iraq, the neo-liberal ideal job, because the employee - not at the level of their employment, which shows signs of weakness, which can not withstand the pressure ...
 ee, &quot;posttraumatic stress&quot;, etc. - offers many opportunities to make a suicide. The U.S. military has recently published a report from the survey according to which the rate of suicides among U.S. soldiers raised above the rate of suicide among American civilians - and it happened the first time since the Vietnam War . Just to have committed suicide June 34 U.S. troops - the highest since the beginning of both wars. Last year, suicide was committed 160 American soldiers. All the more reason that the suicides of American soldiers and their &quot;post-traumatic stress&quot; and Mr. Obama spoke, but when he comforted soldiers which concerns &quot;posttraumatic stress&quot; potential suicide bombers, he sounded as if it comforts workers who lost their jobs: &quot;As many of you well know, post-traumatic stress is a terrible disease - nightmares returning, sudden attacks of anger, despair - which is many of our soldiers has led to a situation where you took a life.
 So I would think that the Americans in July 2011. really get out of Afghanistan? Come on. It would mean too many unemployed people, too many lost jobs, too many red numbers ... Today those who are struggling with the disease said: Do not suffer in silence. If you are looking for help, this is not a sign of weakness. It is a sign of strength. Fatherland needs you. We are here for you. We are here to help you stay upright. Do not give up. &quot;It might say to the unemployed. It could tell workers that they just fired. It could tell workers whose jobs have fled to the Third World. Joyce Lucey, the mother of the soldier who returned from Iraq committed suicide, In an interview published by the website Democracy Now! his son upon returning from the war - the neoliberal ideal job - she described this way: &quot;When I sat beside him, I wondered: Who is this person? This is not my son?&quot; I did not understand what he said.
 He was completely changed and lost. &quot;Neoliberalism completely changed man. And war. Totally. And that brings us to the question: what is the counterpart of military suicides in the real sector? Do not you just counterpart suicide massacres in the workplace? Are not these counterpart suicide massacres that are typical primarily for the U.S. and that Americans call &quot;going postal&quot;? Suicide massacres in the workplace are called &quot;going postal&quot; comes from a suicide massacre in 1986. in Edmond (Oklahoma) postman made Patrick Henry Sherrill - at the post office at his workplace, he killed 14 of their colleagues and then himself. At the beginning of August, something like that happened in Manchester (Connecticut): Omara Thornton, chauffeur employed in the warehouse brewery Budweiser, sent before the disciplinary committee because he stole a few bottles of beer. They gave him a choice between two possibilities: that he went alone or let him go.
 Thornton has decided that he would prefer to go, but to dismiss him: first he killed seven colleagues, and then himself. Thornton was a middle-aged proletarian where a breakthrough in the middle class failed - &quot;cheap&quot; loans that have tried to pave the way up, the middle class, are chargeable to him and buried. Typical. Are the people he killed were victims of the massacre or the victim of an accident at work? Suicidal massacre in the workplace this year were several: the Albuquerque (New Mexico) Anaheim (California), Hot Springs (Virginia), Kinston (Alabama) and so on. David Rosen, CounterPuncha commentator, says the suicide massacres living costs are high in neoliberalism - and also the victims of neo-liberalism has been so much that we could talk about crimes against humanity in the workplace after the 1994th year, when he fell a record (1,080 shootings in the workplace), during the Clinton economic boom slowly fell, jumped again during the first Bush term, and then again slightly subside, but now, in times of crisis and recession, again sharply increased.
 To inform the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which follows the murder in the workplace, in 2008. - At the beginning of the crisis - in the workplace was even 421 shootings that left a 67 cadavers (7 killer then committed suicide). Carlene Balderrama, 52-year-old homemaker from Massachusetts, who fell into terrible debt and where the threatened seizure of the mortgage the house, a hunting rifle, first killed his three cats and then herself, and its creditors - mortgage bank - left a message: &quot; When we subtract the house, I&#39;ll be already dead! &quot; Omar Thornton and Carlene Balder victims &quot;of posttraumatic stress.&quot; Just as American soldiers. The only difference is that they forgot to include them in public works and the neo-liberal reforms have failed to adapt. Just as neoliberal reforms have failed to adapt to Indian farmers - in the past decade have committed suicide, 150 000 Indian farmers who are no longer able to climb out of debt and horrifying, who then drank the infamous cocktail of pesticides.
 The trick is, in fact, neoliberal simple: to be able to buy very expensive genetically altered seeds, which should relegate poverty and has been licensed by the almighty and omnipresent corporation Monsanto, bad guy of many insider documentaries (The World According to Monsanto, The Future of Food, Food inc.) are forced to take loans - and to get loans, they are forced to put their property under a mortgage and are thus caught in a vicious circle of new generations of seeds and new loans, so sooner or later burst. Living costs are high in neoliberalism - and also the victims of neo-liberalism has been so much that we could talk about crimes against humanity. In India, America, Afghanistan, Iraq and Slovenia. And the world is still waiting to be communists apologize for massacres and revolutionary terror, rather than to start counting the crimes of neoliberalism and write black book of neoliberalism.
 