So far identified 16 victims and their families were notified about this, said on Sunday (25.jula) at a press conference the representative of police in Duisburg. According to him, among the casualties were a Dutchman, one Australian and Chinese and Italian. Organizer &quot;Love Parade&quot; on that occasion stated that such events will not continue to organize. The accident occurred about 17 hours in the tunnel, which approached to the venue of the parade where, according to organizers, attended by around 1.4 million people. To mass panic occurred when hundreds of thousands of people on Saturday (July 24) around noon, found the way to the old freight railway station in the German city of Duisburg, where the first time this year that otherwise organized the world&#39;s largest festival of techno music in the open. People, mostly youth, were funneled to the central place of the festival, where they were raised stage, from two directions.
 The masses were encountered between the two tunnels, where - according to the eyewitnesses - at one point there was unbearable crowds and total halt. Young people were trying to cross a wall to climb over him on the iron stairs. When some of them fell into a mass panic broke out. Bildunterschrift: Some have tried to leave the area over the wall between the two tunnels Festival was continued after the accident, police initially reported that on that occasion at least 10 people were killed and about a hundred injured. However, the latest balance sheet as follows: 19 killed and 342 injured. Duisburg Mayor Adolf Sauerland in the first reaction to justify a particular criticism of the police and the concept that the event should take place at all, for such opportunities, provided security measures. Bildunterschrift: Highway No. 59 and the area where he maintained a Love Parade was followed by the action of fire and other rescue teams.
 Highway No. 59 has been completely closed to traffic to make up for it raised the medical tents and helicopters to allow the landing. Easier injured were transported by bus to the nearest clinic. Techno music festival Love Parade &quot;was continued after the accident, primarily for safety reasons, both among the present would not have been new even greater panic. People are gradually until midnight, leaving the fenced area that had been planned for the &quot;Love Parade&quot;. Bildunterschrift: Rescue teams are trying to care for injured deeply affected by Angela Merkel, German Chancellor Angela Merkel is the first reactions expressed deep embarrassment due to an accident in Duisburg: &quot;At this difficult moment I think the families of victims. Express their condolences. These young people have come to have fun ... &quot;she said, inter alia, Angela Merkel. And other German officials have expressed their pain and sorrow, and sent condolences to the families of the victims.
 Bildunterschrift: The event &quot;Love Parade&quot; has been since 1989. each year was first organized in the streets of Berlin, in the Ruhr industrial area in the western part of Germany, was transferred in 2007. year due to disagreement of Berlin&#39;s city government and financial problems. In Dortmund in 2008. the &quot;Parade of Love&quot; rallied around 1.5 million people. This year&#39;s &quot;Love Parade&quot;, entitled &quot;The Art of Love&quot; was supposed to be one of the most important and biggest event in the European capital of culture &quot;Ruhr 2010&quot;. However, it ended tragically ... Agency / Senad Tanovic Re. Editor: Belma Fazlagić-Šestić
 