Wetlands in Belarus is the Eastern European country that borders with Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Russia, and Ukraine. It occupies an area of 207.6 thousand square kilometers. Capital of mine. The population was 9.6898 million. Of that number, approximately 77.9% of the Belarusians, while the main minority government makes 13.2% of Russians, Poles 4.1%. The main religion is Orthodox Christianity which belongs to 80% of the population. Contents [edit] History of Slavs settled what is now Belarus between 6 and 8 century. Former East Slavs encounter Varjazima and formed the first major country of Eastern Europe - Kievan Rus. Within these states were located and the principality whose center was in today&#39;s Belarusian cities like Polack. In the 13th century after the Mongol invasion in which Kiev was destroyed to its foundations, Kievan Rus split up into several principalities, and the principalities which were in Belarus, have entered into possession of the Great Principality of Lithuania.
 By 15 century, the principality will rapidly expand into eastern Europe and include the area from the Baltic to the Black Sea. 1386. in Poland and Lithuania entered into a union whereby Belarus the country are a part of Polish. A little later, 1569, comes to the unification of two states that make up since the Polish-Lithuanian Union. The May Constitution of the 1791st (Considered the first modern European Constitution), Poland removes all previous divisions in the Principality and all united under the name Kingdom of Poland. But soon, but 1795th Russia, Prussia and Austria divided Poland among themselves, forcing the last Polish king Stanislaw August in the abdication. Belarus as the country went to Imperial Russia in the framework of which will remain until its dissolution 1917th During World War II, the country was under German occupation. For the first time the Belarusians declared its independence on 25 March 1918th Belarusian People&#39;s Republic was declared.
 But soon, as a result of the occupation of the Red Army, 1 January 1919th be declared a Soviet Socialist Republic of Belarus (later renamed the Belarusian Soviet Socialist Republic), which will in December 1922nd enter into the composition of the USSR. Western Belarus, in accordance with an agreement in Riga is given to Poland, and will be returned to her 1939th Hitler and Stalin agreed to divide Polish. Twenties of the 20th century, was the country&#39;s rapid industrialization and the development of agriculture, but also to have the continuation of forced Russification. Tens of thousands of citizens of Belarus, including intelligence, cultural and literary elite, to the ordinary farmers who opposed the idea of Stalin&#39;s collectivization were sentenced to be shot or sent to prison in Siberia. From the beginning of World War II, Belarus was occupied by the forces of Nazi Germany, which will retain power until 1945.
 Huge part of the country was killed in the war together with a large part of the population was killed during the German invasion. The Jewish population was also destroyed during the Holocaust. It was only in 1971. Belarus reached the pre-war population, while the Jewish population has never recovered. After the war, Belarus was one of 51 founding signatories of the Charter of the United Nations. Reconstruction that followed immediately after the war, has brought tremendous progress in the USSR and in that time, the Ukraine, Belarus was the most developed industrial center of the USSR. Creating new jobs and stimulate the increase in the number of immigrants from Russia. During Stalin&#39;s reign, the Russification was very strong and at key places in Soviet Belarus were located exclusively Russians from various parts of the USSR. Official use of the Belarusian language, together with the Belarusian tradition was also restricted by the Moscow (although today the Belarusian Russian an official language of the country, nearly all use only the Russian language).
 Even after Stalin&#39;s death, 1953rd, his successor Nikita Khrushchev continued with the idea of Russification, and even once said in Minsk: &quot;As soon before we all speak Russian, before we build communism.&quot; When the 26th April 1986th an explosion at a nuclear power plant near Chernobyl in neighboring Ukraine, Belarus suffered tremendous damage, because the radiation is spread right across its territory. At the time Mikhail Gorbachev launched perestroika, and in December of that same 1986th Belarusian citizens were handed over to him a petition in which they stated that their culture and traditions disappearing before their enforced Russification. This event is among historians remembered as a &quot;cultural Chernobyl&quot;. In June 1988, found a mass grave from the time of Stalin&#39;s reign of terror in a wooded area Kurapaty. Some believe that the tomb of the key evidence of the intentions of the Soviet government thought-out genocide against the Belarusian people (like the Ukrainian is gladomorom).
 Belarusians they declared independence from the Soviet Union 27.jula 1990th, and is internationally recognized as the Republic of Belarus 25th August 1991st It was at that time the head of the Belarusian Parliament or the Supreme Soviet of Belarus (then the most powerful office in the country) came Stanislav Šuškevič. Šuškevič together with the then new president of Russia Boris Yeltsin and Ukraine&#39;s Leonid Kravčukom meeting in December 1991. The officially published Soviet Union and establish a new Commonwealth of Independent States with headquarters in Minsk. Since 1994. head of state is the current President of Belarus Alexander Lukashenko who has been alleged by human rights organization Human Rights Watch, the last European dictator who violated human rights, interfere with the freedom and independence, made a direct censorship of the press, imprisoned political opponents, and prevents the development of democracy and pluralism.
 [Edit] Government of Belarus is a multi-party, authoritarian republic with one legislative house. Distribution of Belarus [edit] Political divisions Belarus is divided into six areas, or provinces (in Belarusian voblast, named after the cities in those provinces which are also their administrative centers. The capital Minsk has a special status and is not included in any of the provinces. Distribution the voblast remained from the time the Soviet Union. Voblast is divided less region (raion in Belarusian). voblast The six are: [edit] Geography of the Russian Orthodox church in Brest, Belarus is not landlocked, relatively flat, and contains large areas of wetlands. lakes and rivers are relatively widespread. The largest marsh territory is Polesija, which is among the largest wetlands in Europe. In Belarus there are 11 000 lakes, but most are less than 0.5 km ². The three largest rivers are the Neman, Pripjat , and the Dnieper.
 The highest point of Belarus is 345 m, and the lowest point on the Neman River, 90 m. The climate ranges from harsh winters (average temperature of January in the range of -8 ° C to -2 ° C) to cold and wet summers (average temperature 15 ° C to 20 ° C). Forests cover about 34 percent of the total territory, and are among the most dominant natural resources of Belarus. Among other natural resources of Belarus are peat deposits, small quantities of oil and natural gas, followed by granite, limestone, dolomite and other minerals. Approximately one fifth of the territory mainly in the southeastern areas still suffering from the effects of radioactive decay of a nuclear accident at Chernobyl, 1986. [Edit] Economy After the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. ceased to settle in the then most developed industrial and agricultural Soviet republic. Severe economic crisis, which is the main cause of high economic dependence of Belarus on Russia, it continues.
 Privatization of state enterprises running very slow, and the private sector is almost non-existent. Low land with a large amount of moisture in it, caused the appearance of a very mixed area. Despite the favorable climate and relief, Belarus has little real agricultural areas. In the country are investing major efforts in wetland reclamation. In it are much more favorable conditions for livestock than for crop production. Therefore, it is much more than the meadow fields of grain and the like potatoes and flax are the main culture, but they grow some more. Great care is posvećje cattle breeding, cattle, pigs and chickens, and Belarus is an important exporter of meat, milk, eggs and potatoes. The highest percentage industijskih capacity to deal with processing of agricultural raw materials (flax, potatoes, meat, milk, etc). Ore deposits are rare, and the Belarusians have the greatest benefit from the peat, which is used in power plants and households. [Edit] Belarus has a population of around 11 million inhabitants.
  2) completely in Africa, but political and cultural belonging to Europe. 3) mostly in Aziji.4) declared independence unilateral secession from Serbia 17.februara 2008th p • d • Confederation of Independent States member countries SND Armenia • Azerbaijan • Belarus • Georgia • Kazakhstan • Kyrgyzstan • Moldova • Russia • Tajikistan • Turkmenistan • Ukraine • Uzbekistan States can participate Ukraine Retrieved from &quot;http://bs.wikipedia. org / wiki / Belarus &quot;Categories: Belarus | Countries of the World
 