IslamBosna.ba-Last update: 22:44 am Israeli forces attacked a fleet of ships carrying humanitarian aid, seeking to break the blockade of Gaza. Information on the convoy: Do not miss this historic moment for humanity! 22:44 Andre Abu Halil, a member of Lebanon&#39;s humanitarian fleet, for Al-Jazeera said that in an Israeli prison, the other a Briton and an Irishman, who refused to be deported, and they want to withdraw the charges against Israel because of their kidnapping with the ship He sailed the high seas. ---------- 22:25 Mike Hannah reported for Al-Jazeera that the foreign minister Ahmet Davutoglu, immediately upon return from the trip from the USA, and before they consulted with the prime minister, organized a press conference , which is unusual. At a press conference was an ultimatum to Israel to Turkey, where until tonight at midnight does not return all Turkish citizens in Turkey, consider breaking all ties with Israel.
 Ultimatum slowly running out, and Turkish citizens have not yet returned. At the time, while Hannah is reported to Taksim square, the square prolamali TEKBIRI loud. ---------- 17:39 Syrian activist Sathe Bereket told Syrian television that the Israeli army threw a large number of martyrs to the humanitarian ships to the sea, reports Turkish media. ---------- 00:43 Humanitarian aid was unloaded from ships and loaded on Israeli trucks &quot;distribution&quot;. Experts say it would attack Israeli troops on a humanitarian convoy to Gaza, could seriously harm Israel&#39;s relations with the EU. The EU has demanded a thorough investigation of the incident. Protests against Israel are continuing around the world. ---------- 15:47 boat named Rachel Corrie went to other ships, but he went slowly and did not arrive to meet with other ships in the Southern Cyprus, planned to arrive until Wednesday in Gaza. Although they found out what happened to the other ships, they said they will continue to Gaza.
 Inside the ship&#39;s Mairead Maguire, Nobel Prize, she has previously participated in similar actions by sea - and then was translated into custody in Israel. The second ship will set off from Cyprus by the organization &quot;Freedom for Gaza&quot;. Israel has said it will stop the boat! And Allah has his own plans! ---------- 22:28 At this time representatives of the Security Council to meet behind closed doors. U.S. has already made it clear that they will not support any independent investigation before Israel does not allow himself to conduct its own investigation. Hani Ismail called on all Muslims to protest in front of Israeli embassies. ---------- 20:23 Hundreds of people in Paris are in conflict with the police near the Israeli embassy. Police tear gas suits. ---------- 20:12 Ahmet Davutoglu just a speech to the UN, during an extraordinary session on the occasion of Israel&#39;s attacks on humanitarian fleet of Gaza.
 Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey&#39;s prime minister, accused Israel of state terrorism. &quot;This action is completely contrary to international law, state terrorism is inhuman. Nobody should think that we will pipe down with these things,&quot; said Erdogan. He added that this attack clearly showed that Israel is not interested in peace in the region. By criticizing those who defend the attack, before his flight from Chile, Erdogan said that if Israel chooses to be the terror and bloody operation, then Turkey chooses to be with the law, peace, justice, Palestine and Gaza. He also criticized the pro-Israeli media reports, Israeli censorship of information coming from civilian detainees for humanitarian ships. ---------- 19:04 tells us that ships with humanitarian aid that the Israeli army attacked Ešdud arrived at the port. Some activists from Ireland, Bulgaria, USA, Belgium, Sweden, France, England and the Czech Republic have left Israel, while 39 Turks who agreed to leave the ship waiting to return to Turkey.
 We also learn that diplomats of countries whose nationals on board have not yet received permission to enter the harbor, and still waiting outside the entrance to the harbor. ---------- 17:05 The attack was attended by about 1,000 Israeli soldiers. Of the 19 killed, 10 are Turks. 7 people injured remained in critical condition. Among the dead was Ra&#39;ed Salih, the leader of the Islamic movement in Israel. ---------- 16:50 Zionist Prime Minister Benjamin Natanyahu creation of Israel has expressed its support for Israeli attacks on humanitarian convoys. In a statement Natanjahuovog cabinet chief diplomatic and security officials stated that in his telephone interview from Canada, said &quot;full support&quot; for the attack. In the meantime Natanyahu canceled his visit to the White House because of the new crisis in Gaza. Protests have been launched in major cities across the Middle East, and in the Greek city of Thessaloniki, in the course are in London. ----------- 15:50 Sarajevo: this afternoon held a peaceful protest.
 Participants protest Palestinian, Turkish and BiH citizens. Participants Ferhadija walked towards the building of the BiH Parliament. On the fleet was captured, and one representative of the International Forum bh of Solidarity - EMMAUS BiH, Jasser Mohammed Sabbagh. ---------- 15:45 At least 19 dead, dozens injured, reports Al Jazeera. ---------- 15:35 The daljenjeg delayed all the arrangements of Israeli tourists in the area an attractive tourist resort of Bodrum in Turkey Mule. Tourists, who already represent a negligible figure for the Turkish tourism industry in ekspnaziji, were supposed to start arriving after the 20th 6th 2010th For now it is stopped and the air traffic between Israel and Turkey. ---------- 13:16 Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan broke his official visit to South America because of the diplomatic crisis with Israel, said Foreign Minister Ahmed Davutoğlu. &quot;Nobody has a right to this work, no one is above the law,&quot; said Davutoğlu the state television TRT on the way from Venezuela to the United States.
 ---------- 12:45 A representative of the public one of the most best-selling writers in the world, Swede Henning Mankell, said that the Mankel on one of the captured ships (under the name of Sofia), and that the kidnapping was not managed to establish a connection with him. For ships, a total of 11 Swedes. Turkey has recalled its ambassador to Israel. Oğuz Çelikkol would soon be back to Turkey. ---------- &lt;-&gt;&gt;&gt;
 