Realistically, in the historical category will be listed only by their first passage to the quarterfinals at the world championships, the poor 120 minutes against Japan a little harder, but paragvajskoj team and the fans it will be particularly important. The match without too much risk to either side and actually be able to predict, and both of them, it was clear that they have a great opportunity for the quarterfinals, a shade more dangerous Paraguay welcomed the award after passing roulette penalty kicks. Among the last eight at the World Championships is to be a solid defense and reached only three goals in four games, Paraguayans are now used all they are offered, but the next step will probably have to show more in attack. The potential is definitely there, and after they come further than ever before in the World Championship in the quarterfinals will be a lot rasterećeniji but against Japan, which might help. The second match day was expected, more open, in which we see and the only real hit on Tuesday.
 But as two days ago in duels Germany - England and Argentina - Mexico, and thereafter will speak about the judicial decision and again on the video-assist technology in situations where the help is needed - the hinterland of David Villa after the fifth Passing by Xavi the assistant referee could hardly see it was definitely in that category. However, regardless of the goal from its hinterland, Spain has shown more than the Portuguese, and although it&#39;s still not what most expected from the team Vicente Del Bosquea, the passage to the quarterfinals, was not undeserved. The Portuguese were in the match proved a tough nut, Villino goal was their only admitted to the World Cup, but on the other end of the field failed to put the Spanish defense and Iker Casillas in the larger trials. Cristiano Ronaldo will likely get most of the criticism was not true, but it was not the only one ... Spanish player on the machine for goals has ruled this time, albeit from the hinterland, but this is not the fault of David Villa.
 When you have Fernando Torres is not going, Vicente Del Bosque has a comfort that is at least true Villa, scoring when the Spaniards should be, and this time it proved sufficient for victory. And the title on the player, although the Portuguese goalkeeper Eduardo deserved to be mentioned. Tragedian on Cristiano Ronaldo has not shown much, but there are some Spaniards who were asked to have it well locked up, so the choice was not hard. Yuichi Komano was not accurate in cracking against Paraguay, hit the crossbar, opening the doors rivals realized that with all five penalties go to the quarterfinals. The only guess on who has fallen, even in the hinterland. That it was not, talk to just about Iniestinom through balls, the fifth Xavijevoj assistance and realization of David Villa - which would run for the most hits on the day with more goals. The move is hardly a day goes (only) for this Tuesday, but the &quot;box&quot; for the cheerleaders Mobile Paraguay Larissa Riquelme deserve to find here.
 For those who have not yet seen a good look at our picture day. At the same photograph can be seen and something that is difficult to say whether Paragvajka just wanted to see, and that this modest and decent portal, we will ask Mrs. (c) Riquelme in the future to put yourself something doličnije. Statement on Many current and future players of Barcelona in front of Portugal&#39;s door apparently was confused Drago Cosic, so in one attack instead of the Spanish national team on the ground saw the Catalan club giant. I admit, and I can do sometimes, though Del Bosqueovoj team missing Messi ... Well, I would not withstand that it does not mention. Erroneous forecast on how our trio Pacak - Dodić - Attias not fully agree who will go, not everyone is able to hit everything. The Spaniards made a hundred percent efficiency, but Japan&#39;s good performance in the final round of the first round against Denmark&#39;s Thomas and forced Darius to believe them.
 Close, but not enough. Florentino Perez days and then it seemed that at one time president of Real Madrid decision not to extend cooperation with Vicente Del Bosqueom, who has won every living thing, and instead bring Carlos Queiroz was quite doubtful, even though the passage Del Bosqueove team against Portugal under Queiroz not proves anything, it deserves to remember the creator of the Galacticos.
 