The process of writing for David Grossman never stops. The bus, airplane or at a coffee shop. Ideas are always well up, not only for the desk. &quot;Writing novels is the most profound experience that I know. This experience usually lasts for three or four years. This process allows me to peep into many nooks and crannies, in myself and in others, places that probably would never have come. When I write I have a feeling to write for myself, I feel I do that nobody will ever read. It is a very intimate act, &quot;Grossman describes the process of creating his novels. The fateful novel Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: &quot;The fateful novel -&quot; A woman flees from a news &quot;Israeli writer David Grossman is the winner of this year&#39;s Peace Prize German Booksellers Association. This award is traditionally given on the last day of the largest book fair in the world, one in Frankfurt.
 Grossman in his novels of the Middle East committed to the eternal theme, reconciliation between Palestinians and Jews, a topic that književnikovom in life plays a big role. David Grossman, the son of a bus driver after finishing his studies of philosophy and the performing arts began at the Israeli state radio career journalists. There he primarily worked on a children&#39;s program for its children&#39;s books has become known outside his homeland. Through his work &quot;Smile Lamb&quot; Grossman in the late eighties he became well known in Germany, a country that wakes up every Jew, a strange mixture of feelings. &quot;For years I refused to travel to Germany. Because of the Shoa (Holocaust op. P.) I find it difficult to hear the German language, let alone be in Germany. At the beginning of his literary works I&#39;ve told myself that I will go to Germany only when there appears some of my books with my name on the cover. For one of the worst things in the genocide in the Second World War was that people were then killed anonymously, without names.
 That was intolerable. And so I went to Germany only when there came my first book. &quot;Israel without head Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The Israeli-Lebanese war 2003rd Grossman began writing the novel that in some way and witnessed the tragic fate of his family. In the novel &quot;A woman flees from a news&quot; Grossman described the feelings of the Israeli parents whose children are leaving the army, fearing that it will never come back. The fate Grossman caught 2006th, before the completion of his most famous novel, and a few hours before will be ended Lebanon&#39;s war. His younger son Uri was killed by Hesbolahove grenades at the moment while the burning tank, tried to draw colleagues. Grossman after that he was not sure whether they will be able to complete their fateful novel. When he confided to a friend , also a writer, Amos Oz this he replied: &quot;This book will save you, David.&quot;
 In November 2006. Grossman was standing in front of protesters in Tel Aviv, looking for answers to many open questions related to the Lebanese war. &quot;One of the worst things that drove this war to light the fact that Israel has no king. Order in which a person should stand by the military and political leaders of Israel&#39;s empty.&quot; Despite the indescribable loss Grossman does not feel hatred. &quot;I do not want to be angry, because in those moments of my son Uri was not with me,&quot; Grossman concluded. Author: Clemsns Verenkotte / Nenad Kreizer Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 