Manchester United is the first leg in Milan has created a significant advantage that gives them a great foundation for the hope of placing in the quarterfinals, but this battle is far from having been dealt with Alex Ferguson and his team call for caution. &quot;Victory in Milan was of great importance for us. Maybe we could solve all the middle of the second half, but Seedorfov naked before the end of the match kept the uncertainty as regards the final outcome. Milan must score a goal, which game should do so openly. I think we are not good at defending the results, so we&#39;ll play our normal game and play our normal attacking means. Three years ago, they took us to the second game won with 3:0, but preparations for that game were much different. We can talk about how we will, but my team has to do a good job and they will do it. Ubačaji have always been the greatest strength of David Beckham and I think that these ubačaji and interruptions to be the biggest threat to us. &quot; said Ferguson.
 Milan coach Leonardo announces match words. &quot;I think my confidence has a basis in what we do, how we play. Even in the first game in our game was much more positive and this is still an open match. We played well both before and after the first game, so I have confidence in our issue at this meeting. These games were always something else in relation to the league matches. It&#39;s hard to prepare for a match when you know you have to go to a specific result. I think that this tactic does not play games so much as an approach to the role players. We have a team in a wide variety of players, a large portion of them are accustomed to playing in big matches like this. It is clear that David Beckham is an important player for us and we will make a decision on the team based on many criteria, but we know that he has a lot of experience and we can rely on it if needed. &quot; Twelve years ago David Beckham has spent at Old Trafford, and now for the first time back on the field since the stadium in 2003.
 was moved to Real Madrid. English media are therefore dedicated to him a lot more attention than the announcement of the match. The last time he played at Old Trafford, it was precisely against his future club Real Madrid, where he came from the bench to score. With Manchester United&#39;s injured list is lengthy, and Ferguson in the match can not count on John O&#39;Shea, Ryan Giggs, Michael Owen, Anderson and Wes Brown, while it is still questionable Jonny Evans. Michael Carrick can not play due to yellow cards and suspensions threatened and Nemanja Vidic. The most important news for fans of this club is to get the team back their best player this season, Wayne Rooney. Nearly of equal importance was the return to Milan Alexandre Pato, but his performance is still questionable, although the past few days practicing with the team. Massimo Oddo will not play due to injury, while not suspended and threatened with suspension and Ronaldinho Abateu.
 Posted by mersed9ak at 14:13, 0 komentar (a), print, #
 