This May in Croatia as they gathered all the nightmares of capitalists: the Zagreb takes third Subversive Film Festival, which is dedicated to socialism - the international conference entitled &quot;The collapse of liberalism and the idea of socialism today&quot; - and the president of the Union of Istria and Kvarner Bruno Bulić on Labour Day protest rally in Rijeka has publicly called for &quot;a change of social system&quot;, or &quot; abandonment of liberal capitalism. &quot; How we can remember, this is the first time in 20 years Croatian capitalism to hear from their own ranks so emphatic plea for the destruction of capitalism. As if in one moment of anger forces from various social strata tightened to the point of resistance, and about a necessary change in the system at once and tell the workers and intellectuals, and blue and white collar workers, and those who work in vain and those who believe in vain. - I&#39;ve said in Rijeka, and to repeat: This financial crisis is no crisis, but one the world&#39;s bluff - he says the &quot;free&quot; Bruno Bulic and continues: - Never more money in the world today than there was a problem, this crisis is wrong social order, where the neo-liberal capitalism, which must all before him, for only one reason that there is still no one to be struck by the fingers.
 Union leaders Istria and Kvarner worker then adds that neoliberal capitalism reached its bottom, and that is quite certain that the state must now move to - socialism. States with four columns - but he is not talking about socialism, Stalin, Mao Zedong, Pol Pot and other dictators, but on the socialism that is 70-and 80-ties existed in the Scandinavian countries and northern Europe, in the form of the welfare state - explains bulić. - States should have four pillars in their ownership: health, pension, education and social pillar. The rich can play with everything, but these things have to stay out of their hands. Social system must be changed, otherwise it all goes towards a black scenario, in which the recent events in Greece will be child&#39;s play - says union leader. In parallel with all smrknutijom working class, we said it just takes third Subversive Film Festival, which traditionally bring together leading intellectuals of the Croatian and global left, to contemplating the past, present and future ideas left.
 &quot;Our starting point is that it is today, when the neoliberal system around the world cracking at the seams, it should re-think the significance and meaning of socialism,&quot; he said at the opening of the festival&#39;s artistic director, Croatian philosopher Srecko Horvat. One of the main star of third SFF is a British-Pakistani writer and journalist Tariq Ali, which for decades considered one of the icons of the world left, who will deliver a lecture on &quot;In defense of socialism.&quot; Just the day before the festival but in an interview, &quot;Jutarnji List said:&quot; We should have no illusions, capitalism will only become worse - just look at what is happening in Greece or the Baltic countries Latvia, Estonia ... It was a complete disaster, mass unemployment, the collapse of everything. &quot;The press statement that socialism had a lot of bad things but he replied that we are&quot; all aware that it was a failed experiment, &quot;and added that&quot; capitalism failed at least 30 times over the past 200 years and no one believes the project failed, and concluded that it is socialism, in spite of everything, &quot;it seems more reasonable option, provided that we begin anew, aware of mistakes and willing to correct them.&quot;
 Debt Doctrine Similarly, the first day of the Festival of Slovenian sociologist Nathan Močnik asserted that &quot;capitalism can not survive&quot; and that socialism, based on the idea of solidarity, should be taken as &quot;an inspiring idea,&quot; while the very next day his countryman, the famous philosopher Slavoj Zizek he repeated his old thesis about the need radical alternative liberal capitalism, which he sees precisely in communism. &quot;We should try to grab power and the urge to work in a different way,&quot; he said in a lecture Zizek. - The neo-liberal doctrine did not come to an end because it does everything in its renaissance - is considered, however, our famous economist Dr. Slavko Kulic, and continues: - Current world pumping billions of five thousand dollars for the training of financial mechanisms, and in the function further redistribution of what was left. Debt doctrine remains a lever for exploitation of the world.
 Company and government borrowing that will consider the debt paid out of what they still have, therefore desupstancijalizacijom, and this is a sure path to further poverty. As for the Croatian Republic, the Economist argues that the current crisis, the creators of the neoliberal model again came to the possibility that all that was left in the Croatian state-owned - and it is approximately 400 remaining state shares in companies - now suspended from state hands, exposed privatization and thus finds the &quot;empty space&quot;. - This model tries to oppose state intervention model, which is a good sign to begin to understand how the market is not functioning out of the world, or at least not for the whole world, because through the market can not regulate all relationships in society. Tom oppose Poland and the Czech Republic, Croatia and no one, since all the political actors in the service of neo-liberal doctrine - says Dr. ago. To summarize: all the roads for a &quot;new socialism&quot; more or less water in Greece.
 Will it become the first starting point of the West and its &quot;black hole&quot;, as the just punishment that we have so much alienated from the direct democracy of ancient Athens and gave the neo-liberal model, and capitalism will once again demonstrate the power of his infatuation people? He will show us the TV. Mato KAPOVIĆ, Department of linguistics student in Zagreb The necessary pressure on the elite Is neo-liberal capitalism had collapsed? - The current system is unsustainable and it is clearly visible: half of humanity lives in poverty, one billion people in the world is not what you eat, while Croatia was 320 000 unemployed - I think it speaks volumes about the collapse of the system. - How do you interpret what the appeals to change the social system began to come from workers and union ranks? - Workers are active in the last year or two, with the advent of the crisis intensifies the rhetoric. The &quot;3 May &quot;openly talks about self-management, and another half a year ago it was unthinkable.
 However, unions were part of the system, and although they are anti-capitalist message may be declarative, should not there be much hope. Are the possible changes within the neoliberal system? - We are witnesses to the current crisis of neoliberalism is used as a shock to the new neo-liberal measures, not only in Croatia but also in Greece and elsewhere. Within capitalism, there may be some kind of more social arrangements, but the classic &quot;welfare state&quot; in Western Europe is in decline for 30-40 years, since the 70-ies of the last century started falling profit rates, so this should not be sought out. There is even a hint of the IMF to allow a little more influence state and state regulation, but it is still action in the service of capital, and neither time does not change anything. Capitalism is a significant profit, and it must constantly grow, and that is untenable because the earth&#39;s resources are not infinite. What can happen after this is inevitable, change the economy, but to see in which direction these changes go.
 Without the pressure of political elites will not significantly soften its policy to something more social direction. What would be the best social model? - No need to look for role models in the past, because as the current system is unsustainable, so even they realsocijalistički systems were not ideal, but should seek new solutions for the benefit of society as a whole. In South America we find some promising things, even though Chavez was demonized because he United States and others do not match: there is unemployment reduced by half, introduced free healthcare and education, increased number of students, etc. Can events in Greece to be the trigger for violent, not to say revolutionary movements in Europe? - I think it would be a revolution, if you are already occurring, rather could occur in Asia, as in India, Nepal and other countries there are armed groups that fight for the goals of socialism. It&#39;s hard to be in Western Europe to reach some kind of revolution, but if it comes, it will happen probably in Greece.
 Srecko Horvat, ARTISTIC DIRECTOR Subversive Film Festival have announced changes to Students Is it time for a serious discussion about alternatives to neoliberal capitalism? - Ripe time. This morning, our speaker from Venezuela Michael Lebowitz hosted the show &quot;Good morning, Croatia&quot;, and the show presents survey among the citizens of Zagreb on whether to capitalism or socialism: 70-80 percent of citizens voted for socialism, so Mike very surprised. He thought he would have to fiercely defend socialism. Is it that socialism is the alternative? - I do not think that socialism is necessarily the alternative, at least not one that we had in the 20 century. But I think that it is obvious that the existing neoliberal system is not optimal, and this is evident by this new neoliberal measures Kosor. What social forces would be change agents in Croatia? - Students are to announce last year. It is interesting that there has been connecting students, workers and peasants - it must be remembered that the recent peasant protests first to support students - and the awareness that this system is unsustainable becoming stronger.
 Our Festival raises issue into focus and open debate. Until about five or six years, when you talk about socialism, the discussion would quickly come to partisan crimes, and there would be stuck. Today it is still possible to talk about authentic moments of Yugoslav socialism: national liberation struggle, resistance to Stalin 1948th or workers&#39; self-management. Are the possible changes within the neoliberal system? - I&#39;m the pessimist. I think that this system can not be corrected. It tried to Tony Blair and his Third Way, with a vision of the &quot;capitalism with a human face&quot;, in which corporations operate more humane and solidarity, but it did not happen - it is their only means of making profit. It is now clear that in the framework of representative democracy can not make changes because there is only a change every four years, as it happens simulation of choice, and the authorities are just alternate oligarchy.
 So, everything points to a direct democracy, and it is a model that showed students in Croatia. Will our workers to take factory such as downloaded in Argentina, it&#39;s hard to tell fortunes. What would the social model, according to you, was the most suitable? - China is not - she just proved that capitalism can be developed in totalitarian systems, as previously thought to be related solely to democracy. A lot of left wing looks to Latin America, some positive elements found in Venezuela, such as workers&#39; councils that gather at the 200-400 families who are on the plenary sessions and make decisions through direct democracy. Of course, Chavez has with the things that remind us of some totalitarian elements. Of all should take the best from our students to Chavez and Morales, and make a new model.
 