Business Council for Economic Co-operation with the Russian Federation, which will lead to the former Prime Minister and connoisseur of Croatian-Russian economic relations, etc. Gregurić, established on 8 June, CCE, and announced the opening of the nearly Croatian Chamber of Commerce in Moscow. Establishing the Council was attended by around 100 Croatian businessmen. The economic crisis and a drop in traffic in Croatia have contributed to a significant increase of interest and the turning of Croatian businessmen, according to the Russian market, which are imported from Croatia for the important minerals and fuels, said CCE President Nadan Vidosevic. He said we must be persistent and persevere in the vital interest for Croatia since the Russia&#39;s market is large and demanding, but offers significant opportunities. In talks with Russian partners, we have gained the impression that there is good will and positive attitude towards the Croatian performance in that market, and this will contribute to achieving greater competitiveness of Croatian economy and its export performance, he said, adding that Vidošević one month opened a representative office Chamber of Commerce in Kabul, which will help Croatian companies to work successfully participate in donor funds are directed towards Afghanistan.
 Deputy CCE Dunja Konjevod stressed business cooperation between Russia and Croatian economy, which in 2008. The total merchandise trade recorded 3.4 billion. Of that Croatian exports to Russia was 186.2 million USD, and imports 3.2 million USD. Last year, trade in goods decreased and was 2.16 billion USD, of which the Croatian exports was 154 million USD, while imports from Russia two billion USD. From Russia are mainly imported energy, raw coal and copper wire, and in this country are exported from the Croatian pharmaceutical and food products, in recent times and cosmetics, furniture and textiles. Croatia has been in Russia since 1993. until 2009. The invested 48.9 million euros of direct investment, from Russia to Croatia invested 126 million euros. Croatia was visited last year and 133 000 Russian tourists, she noted Dunja Konjevod. There are numerous possibilities of business cooperation with Russia and therefore intensified activities such as the creation of the Business Council for Economic Co-operation with the Russian Federation and the opening of the Chamber of Commerce in Moscow, &quot;said Dunja Konjevod, adding that the purpose of the Business Council of continuous exchange of information and active participation of all interested companies to define proposals for the improvement of economic cooperation with Russia, with the aim of increasing the Croatian exports.
 Provided for the free membership, a member can become more companies that engage or are interested in cooperation with Russia. After the founding of the Business Council for Economic Co-operation with the Russian Federation is planned to establish Russian-Croatian Business Council. On the occasion of this 21st September in Zagreb will be the Russian Chamber of Commerce seminar on the possibilities of opening and registering companies in Russia, a 19th June in the presence of Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor will open the CCC and representatives in Moscow that will contribute to creating a database to help entrepreneurs notification of tenders and the opportunities for performances at fairs in the Russian Federation and in finding business partners, announced Dunja Konjevod. President of the Business Council for Economic Co-operation with the Russian Federation Dr. Gregurić stressed the importance of the Russian market, where there are any important world leader. Visit of the President and Prime Minister Russia, saying that Croatian policy firmly in those companies that are working and intend to do business in this market.
 A large number of companies that have operated previously neglected Russian market, and therefore should do more to insure a quality performance in this important market, &quot;said Dr. Gregurić emphasizing construction, industry, building materials, furniture and food industry, pharmaceutical and leather industries. The fundamental question is the increase of Croatian exports to Russia, a CCC representative office in Moscow could be a springboard for Croatian companies, particularly SMEs, to appear in Russia and neighboring markets, said Dr. Gregurić. As Director of Sales Ivica Budanec stressed that the long experience of working in the Russian market can be utilized in the interest of Croatian companies which intend to operate in Russia, which is in the business sense, greatly changed in the last 10 years. Budanec stressed that the Russian state and economic institutions have provided significant support to opening of the Chamber of Commerce in Moscow.
 