Dutch boy who miraculously survived the fall of the Libyan airliner named Ruben van Assouw, died in the crash were his parents and older brother with whom he was on safari in South Africa, says a local Dutch newspaper Brabants Dagblad in Tilburg, where he lives the family of Reuben. Ruben (9), brother Enzo (11), mother Trudy (41) and father of Patrick (40) decided to go on safari to celebrate the anniversary. Reuben grandmother said the family members traveled to Libya where he will be with the boy until he could return to the Netherlands. Dr. Ben Sideq Dalla, Surgery Hospital in Tripoli said the local newspaper after the surgery that &quot;the boy suffered multiple fractures of bones in the lower part of the body.&quot; Testified that there are swelling in the skull and is unable to move any body part. The operation, begun in 14:10 hours lasted four hours, &quot;the boy remains under intensive care as it is in a critical condition,&quot; said Dr.
 Ben Dalla. Local newspaper The Tripoli Post learned that the boy was found unconscious among the debris of the destroyed aircraft but was already in a coma. Libyan aircraft that flew from South Africa, crashed on landing Wednesday near the airport in Tripoli. It is known that killed more than 100 people, and rescue teams were yesterday put forward up to 16 hours 96 bodies. The correspondent of the TV station Al-Jazeera claims that the co-pilot survived. The list of people who have flown the names were 92 passengers and 11 crew members. The crew consisted of only the Libyan nationals. It is not known whether the Libyans were among putncima. The cause of the crash remains unknown. - The aircraft exploded on landing and completely fell apart - said an unnamed Libyan official told AFP. Libyan authorities ruled out the possibility of terrorist attacks. European satellite images show that the cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland was over tens of kilometers west of Tripoli.
 Dutch media claim that the aircraft was 61 Dutch citizen returning from a holiday in South Africa. Others were mostly Britons and South Africans, the Daily Mail. Airbus 330-200 aircraft owned by Libya&#39;s Afriqiyah Airways Company. Afriqiyah Airways spokeswoman told CNN that the plane flew from Johannesburg and after stopping in Tripoli should continue the flight to London Gatwick airport. Ruben is not the first child who survived the fall of the aircraft. Last year, 14-year-old Bakari Bahia is the only survivor drop Airbus 310-300 in Yemen. Seven years ago three-year-Mohammed al-Fatih survived the fall of Sudanese airliner. Among the 19 survivors in the crash at Madrid airport in August 2008. There were even three children. British pediatrician, has an explanation for the survival. - It&#39;s pure physics. Children have shorter limbs in the body have a higher percentage of water which makes them more resistant to injury, the tissue they are quickly recovering.
 The advantage is that children are physically smaller. Less weight means less speed when hitting the obstacle. When an impact occurs kids have another advantage, the greater the elasticity of bones - said Dr. Alistair Sutcliffe, a pediatrician with the University College London.
 