Sudan is a country in northeast Africa, on the surface of the first on the continent. At 853 km northeast out a long coastline on the Red Sea, and borders with the following countries: Contents [edit] History is known for its antiquity, was part of the Old Egipta.Sjeverni part is known as Nubia .. It was ruled by the Turks, there were feudal country was under French spheres of interest and the resistance Engleza.Pržali Englezima.Ustanak 1881-1898 successfully fought with the English, but he came to the dominance of the Engleska.Bile posljie that certain pobune.Do 1956 Dominion was controlled by Egypt (and on the British). They became more independent 1956.Poslije bilwe many changes vlasti.Godine ¸ 1985 came into power a group oficira.SAudan had many problems in the south, and from 2004 it sponsored OUN.Razlozi were national. [Edit] Government since independence, Sudan, are mostly dominated military officers who came to power in coup.
 Year 2003. fought the pro-government Janjaweed militias and non-Arab Islamic guerrillas in the eastern province of Darfur. On 9 January 2005. the Nairobi peace agreement is signed. Thus ended the civil war that lasted 21 years. Under the provisions of this Agreement, the South has gained autonomy, and after 6 years to organize a referendum on self-determination. A new constitution was adopted in July of that year. They created a government of national unity. Omar al-Bashir is a candidate in the upcoming presidential 2010 elections. year, which will be the first free elections with the participation of several political parties in the last nine years [1] [2] His political rival, Vice President Salva Kiira Mayardit, SPLA leader and current president of the autonomous region of Southern Sudan [3]. [Edit] Political division consists of 18 provinces, 3 of which are specific to the whole south. The Sudan is currently taking place over the violent conflict between central government and some rebel groups and regions.
 [Edit] Geography is located in northeast Africa. The largest part of the country occupies a plateau (300 to 1000 m) which lies north-south crosses the valley of the Nile River, which occurs in Khartoum joining White and Blue Nile. All rivers belong to the Sudan and the Nile Basin are used for irrigation, navigation and as a source of hydropower. In the north of the country are Libyan and Nubian deserts, almost no vegetation cover. On the southern stretch of tropical savannas and wetlands, and to the east, west and extreme south of the mountain. The highest point of land is 3187 m high Kinyeti. The climate is tropical in the south and the north of the hot desert. The main environmental problems are soil erosion and desertification. [Edit] The economy of Sudan&#39;s economy is still largely based on agriculture (80% employed and 40% of GDP), but in recent years, increased light industry, and contributes to the positive economic trends and has recently commenced production of oil through which the country 1999th
 first reported a trade surplus with the rest. The main factors limiting the growth of the economy are frequent drought and instability due to civil war. GDP for 2004. estimated at $ 1900 per capita (measured in PPP-in). [Edit] Population According to the census in 1981. population was 21 million. Because of civil war since then lists are not enforced, according to estimates from 2003. Sudan has had 38 million inhabitants. The population is rapidly growing in the wider area of the capital Khartoum (Omdurman Khartoum-Khartoum-North), in which lives of 6-7 million people, including 2 million refugees from areas south of the country affected by conflict and agricultural zones affected by drought. Sudan is strongly marked by the presence of two different cultural traditions - the Arab north and African south. Within each of these there are hundreds of ethnic, tribal and linguistic groups as extremely difficult to effective cooperation.
 Most of the countries occupying the northern province which is the most urban areas. The population there is mostly Muslim and speak Arabic with the many local languages. In the south and west of the population belongs to traditional local beliefs or Christianity. Civil war in this area lead to short interruptions of independence 1956th caused economic and demographic catastrophe. Most of the population is concentrated in the Nile valley and its tributary valleys. Particularly high population density in the main cotton area of the country, the northern part of the interfluve White and Blue Nile. Desert regions to the north and northwest are almost uninhabited. Besides the capital city agglomeration size is said to Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast. [Edit] Culture Culture has previously been highly developed. In the north there are more pyramids than Egypt steep.
  p • d • Members of the Arab League Algeria • Bahrain • Djibouti • Egypt • Iraq • Jordan • Yemen • Qatar • Comoros • Kuwait • Lebanon • Libya • Morocco • Mauritania • Oman • Palestine • Saudi Arabia • Somalia • United Arab Emirates • Sudan • Syria • Tunisia Retrieved from &quot;http://bs.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudan&quot; Category: Rearrange | It Cleaning | It standardizing | Members of the Arab League | World Countries | Sudan
 