China in its mines extracted 97 percent of world production lanthanides, an extremely important ingredient in, among other things, modern defense systems of recent dispute China and Japan has led to the spotlight the issue of lanthanides supply, a group of 15 chemical elements from lanthanum to lutetium, with atomic numbers 57-71 in the periodic table. Known as &quot;rare earth&quot;, these elements are proven to be one of the arguments of China, Japan is first threatened and then actually suspended the delivery of shipments of these materials in retaliation for Tokyo&#39;s apology izostalu in the case of detained Chinese fishing boat captains. Although China denies that implements the delivery block lanthanides, the world has realized that it could become a source of trouble to everyone, not just Japan. China in its mines extracted 97 percent of world production of rare earths, which are sold at a price of nearly a thousand dollars per kilogram. The largest portion of export sales to Japan, where it is used in the manufacture of a range of products from glass for solar panels to the engine used by hybrid cars such as Toyota Prius.
 Jeff Green is a lobbyist in Washington, trying to convince Congress that U.S. companies should do more cost-effective exploitation of rare metals from domestic mineral resources, &quot;These are materials which some in the industry call &#39;technological metals&#39;. Rare earth magnets are stronger, less electronics, and many other things faster. So they are basically the next generation of high performance metals. Without them, things like the iPhone would not be so small as they are, nor should wind turbines produce electricity for as much as products. &quot; Previously, the United States SUJ were the world&#39;s largest producer of rare earth. However, these mines are closed because, as Green says, operating costs: &quot;The initial cost is probably half a billion dollars just to run the operation and the extraction of ore excavation processed into a form that can be used by manufacturers of magnets, for example, or other companies. The problem market of the few countries that the Chinese so dominant that anyone who invests in the mining operation faced with finding the right flood of material that was thrown on the market in China - that we all have seen during the nineties! - and prices dropped immediately.
 So, it&#39;s about market manipulation carried out by the Chinese, and that virtually every other ejected from the job. &quot;In Beijing, the China Daily newspaper - which is under government control - reports that the export quota for rare earth reduced by 40 percent in the second half of this year compared to last. cited the words of one expert to reduced quotas have nothing to do with slow China and Japan. The report says that due to the greater needs of the domestic industry remains less for export, which means that China no longer has to perform not only as in Japan, but neither in Europe nor the United States. lobbyist Jeff Green said the reduction - and maybe even eliminate! - supply lanthanides have major consequences not only for Japan but also in the United States: &quot;Some defense systems may not to have available materials for construction. For example, guided missiles, radar ... Really, it is difficult to designate a system that does not contain some kind of rare earth.
 Because we really care supply these materials. In addition, you can have very serious economic consequences. United States trying to achieve 20-percent supply from renewable energy sources by 2030. But there are currently no available Lanthanides to build these wind turbines. So, if the United States does not engage in the production of rare earth, we can not really expect to ever reach the standard of renewable energy production. &quot;Last week, a congressional committee has approved and adopted a law that would, among other things, provide loan guarantees U.S. companies who want to start mining operations of exploitation of rare earth. Committee Chairman Bart Gordon said that the United States is crucial to start producing its own rare earth: &quot;I believe it would be foolish to leave our national defense and economic security at the mercy of the good will of China or hope China will participate in the global market of rare earth in an open and honest way.
 Simply put, the stakes are too high to risk taking. &quot;The U.S. Department of Defense prepare a report on the consequences for American national security, depending on materials imported from China. This week, the same question is at the hearing and before a Senate committee.
 