Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Hospitals are full, the medical staff at the end snagaPrema said Elizabeth Byrs of the UN in this money urgently needed to stop the spread of dangerous diseases among the population of Haiti. &quot;What we still need the medical staff and more medical equipment,&quot; she says. According to the Haitian Ministry of Health of the outbreak in mid-October, died nearly 800 people, including at least 13 in the capital Port au Prince. The hospital is located 12 300 infected. The authorities most fear the uncontrolled spread of cholera in the capital, where the temporary shelters and inadequate living conditions, about one million people. This city was largely destroyed in the devastating earthquake that took place earlier this year. Then he killed 230 000 people. According to estimates of international organizations cholera may now even get 200,000 people and things could spin out of control.
 Already, it was decided that the bodies of deceased cholera incinerated to prevent the spread of infection. They are divided into packages with disinfectants Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Cholera spreads quickly in areas where hygiene katastrofalniSvjetska organizations to combat hunger has announced that it will expand its efforts to stop the cholera. In fact a lot of hope invested in so-called &quot;emergency&quot; packages. These packages, which will be distributed to households, containing barrels of water, tablets dehydration of the body, soap and disinfectant tablets. These packages will be distributed in remote areas of Haiti. &quot;Ambulances are under state control in such crises are often overloaded with case histories, and even become the centers from which the infection continues to spread,&quot; explains Federico poles, coordinator of the World Organization for the fight against hunger, which is located in Haiti.
 It is therefore necessary to provide aid and clinics, particularly those located in remote areas, he said. In front of hospitals and clinics to create long lines of patients and free beds and no more. Activists of the organization Doctors Without Borders warned that their capacity to help exhausted, and to seek help from them seven times more people than just three days ago. Cholera infection quickly and easily spread, mainly through contaminated food and water. It causes diarrhea and vomiting that can quickly cause death if the patient does not receive adequate medical care. Author: A. Re Slanjankic. eds: J. Rose
 