Were closed airports in Split and Zadar, and by evening the cloud cover should the sky over the southern parts of Germany and Austria and Češka. Due to the expansion of the cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland, which has its eruption caused a complete collapse of air traffic over Europe, the supply were again closed the airport in Split and Zadar. Because of increases in volcanic ash over the permitted level by Manufacturers jet aircraft permit, from 14 hours of flight ban was announced to a height of 6000 meters. The ban was issued in accordance with the requirements and instructions of Eurocontrol and mandatory procedure for the processing of aeronautical-meteorological reports and restrictions do not apply to smaller aircraft, military aircraft and aircraft in distress. Pilots of aircraft are obliged to follow the relevant aeronautical-meteorological information about the status of airspace, said in a statement signed by the Advisor for Information and Relations with the public CCL-Olivera Ilijaš.
 The lines are canceled javno165 Photo Agency earlier reported that the four airports in the north of Spain, Saint-Jacques de Compostella, Vigo, Santiago, Koruna and Salamanca, as well as airports in northern Italy and Rome were closed because of volcanic ash clouds, and the same fate hit the airport in Porto, Portugal, announced by the European Agency for the control of air traffic (Europol). In the meanwhile, closed the Airport in Munich. By Sunday evening will be expected to volcanic ash cloud covered the sky over the southern parts of Germany and Austria and Češka. Routes overseas flights are diverted to the north, over Greenland, in order to avoid the cloud that stretches from Iceland to the Azores. Partially closed air travel Austrian Austrian air space on Sunday was partially closed and will remain so until Monday morning. Airport Vienna, Innsbruck, Linz and Salzburg were closed after the spread of the cloud of volcanic ash from Iceland, said Austro Control, the Austrian agency for an air navigation.
 Control agency Eurocontrol air traffic has led to the territory najzahvaæenije cloud of volcanic ash should be lowered on Sunday, but the problem persists. Eurocontrol for Sunday&#39;s anticipated 24 500 flights, 500 flights, or less than the average number of flights for Sunday&#39;s during this part of the year. Transoceanic flights still will be zahvaæeni cloud of ash. In southern Europe, especially in Portugal and Italy, an air spaces were closed to flights.
 