Yemen is slowly sinking into chaos. However, the state has not collapsed, but it is at this moment literally struggling to survive with very heavy odds that it succeeds. What kind of pressure is one of the most directly felt NWA airplane passengers on the line Amsterdam - Detroit. They tried to get his head young Nigerian Abdul Farouk Abdulmutallab directed by Yemeni Al-Qaeda affiliates. However, Al-Qaeda is not only what happened to Yemen. In the north of the country for five years takes a civil war between Shiite members of the tribe Houthi and Yemeni governments, in recent times and the government of Saudi Arabia. That conflict involvirao the Iranian government on the rebel side and Egypt on the Yemeni government and threatened further escalation. Furthermore, early last year began and is still not calm unrest in the south, backed by retired army officers of the former ju탑nojemenske (unification of southern and northern Yemen happened in 1990.
 years) that can not be reconciled with the situation and loss of independence. Already have one, 1994. has created a two-month civil war, which was assisted by the UN and scarcely stopped. Yemen is a very poor country, the poorest among the Arab states. Almost 20 percent of the population lives on just a dollar a day. Yemen is a country with more than 40 percent of the unemployed is the fastest growing population in the Middle East. This is a country whose economy is almost entirely dependent on oil production, and soon, 2017th year, dry up and the last remaining source of petroleum. Yemen, however, has large reserves of gas, and even produce liquefied natural gas, but the disappearance of oil could lead to a complete economic collapse, because no other production, except those related to hydrocarbons. Yemen will soon dry up the sources of drinking water and, bizarrely, mostly because it is used to irrigate fields where plant - khat - usually a relatively mild drug.
 Yemeni President Ali Abdallah Saleh is encircled by the members of his clan, and does absolutely everything you need to stay in power, and so for thirty years. It&#39;s not all, because in addition to the economic, political and social problems, Yemen suffered from problems that are the legacy of division on the southern and northern Yemen. Although the division actually dates back to ancient times - the northern region are ruled by the Egyptian caliph, and then the Ottoman Empire, which at times expanded its authority and to the south - the differences in mentality and the system begins to settle down especially strong since 1918. year when North Yemen gained independence. Namely the southern part of the 1839th all the way to 1967. years under the British Empire. North Yemen, meanwhile, has forged various alliances, first with Saudi Arabia, and after the revolution which has overthrown the monarchy and established a republic, especially strongly with Egypt. After leaving the southern part of the British declared as the People&#39;s Republic of Yemen and established strong ties in the USSR and the communist world as its Arab neighbors are not happy watching.
 I started a series of clashes with Saudi Arabia, Oman, and noted that it was the only Arab country that is a member voted against the new Arab states from the Persian Gulf to the UN and Arab League. Also, what would later prove fatal especially, provided a refuge for many insurgent groups from the Middle East. But when it came to the unification, Yemen has not ceased to provoke kontroveze. The conflict between Iraq and Kuwait, although a member of the Security Council of UN, Yemen has remained restrained as he still not forgiven Persian Gulf countries. Even 850 000 Yemenis on temporary work in neighboring countries, then expelled, and Saudi Arabia began to build a border barrier to prevent communication with Yemen. Countries with which Yemen continued to maintain friendly relations are - Iraq and Somalia. Even the mention of their names invoked accident, and Yemen has made a step further and fully opened the border for the unfortunate Somalis fleeing the civil war in his country.
 The accident only continued to pile up, and Yemen, and eventually became a large, impoverished and unstable state entity, the real promised land for the &quot;insurgents&quot; of various kinds. The last attack of the Yemeni government, backed by U.S. military forces in locations where there are members of al-Qaeda have caused more disputes in this wounded country. Sheikh Abdelmad탑id Zendani, or the rector of the Islamic Al-Iman University, which the U.S. suspected of terrorism support, attacked the government in Sanaa and the United States accused him of planning a military occupation and colonization of the country. The influential Islamic leaders condemned the international conference on Yemen, convened at the initiative of British Prime Minister Gordon Brown for 28 January in London, saying that its organizers appear nedoraslu Yemen as a country. &quot;Some Yemenis, and citizens and those in power, be careful how they had not been imposed a protectorate,&quot; he warned Zendani.
 Namely, the counter of Yemeni authorities have already been partly created the atmosphere that would, if the U.S. commitment continues, the country irreversibly survala into chaos. Witnesses write, a media report that the recent government attacks and killed civilians, women and children. Discontent is growing, and it all just shows how a potential American military intervention is most helped Al-Qaeda and its intentions. He is aware that Mr. Obama is therefore firmly rejects the possibility of sending troops to the south of the Arabian Peninsula. But what else? BBC reporter suggested that the Yemeni tribes pay to expel the militants. Sounds crazy, but it looks like you just madness or a miracle can save Yemen. Kidnappings of foreigners and Yemen, like Somalia, although to a lesser extent, has a rich history of kidnapping foreign nationals. In the past 15 years was kidnapped more than 200 foreigners and in most cases it was the actions of certain tribes that have thus intended to achieve some concession to the government in Sanaa.
 One of the victims was once a former German Foreign Minister J체rgen Chrobog, who, while he was minister, become popular just by negotiating with the kidnappers. Last year she was abducted a group of nine tourists, unfortunately, the only two surviving children. At this point the water talks to rescue six British and German hostages who were abducted in June last year, and who worked in the local Yemeni hospital. Among the kidnapped three children and two German nurse and a South Korean humanitarian were found dead immediately as they are kidnapped. Otherwise, most of the freed hostages. Happy Arabia long ago it was, between 2200 years BC and the sixth century BC, but still worth a recall. Yemen was then part of several kingdoms that controlled the extremely lucrative spice route. The ancient Romans were the wealth that is created that the area was called Arabia Felix, which means - Happy Arabia.
 Mountains perfect for al-Qaeda witnesses claim that the Yemeni mountains perfect for home militants, were harsh and difficult to access and control them well naouru탑ana tribes. Al-Qaeda in that area is located after it was expelled from Saudi Arabia and the situation is simply a blatant comparable with Afghanistan, Pakistan and Iraq, though not, yet not identical, because the Yemeni government has relatively successfully waging war against terrorists on its territory.
 