Kang Sheng in Moscow in 1933. became Deputy Representative of China to the Communist International. One of Mao&#39;s closest associates just for Stalin&#39;s Great Terror in the Soviet Union closely watched test of the Soviet secret police. In Moscow, he founded the Office for the removal of counter-revolutionaries, whose goals were Chinese immigrants. Four years later, Kang joined their comrades in Yenanu, where at the end of the Long March was the seat of Mao Zedong&#39;s Communists. A great calligrapher, a friend who was with Maomé reading poetry and looking for the best terms for his poems and speeches, helped to create an erotic collection, for some it was the only &quot;honorable Kang. Others who knew him as the founder of the place where the &quot;people change operation,&quot; which is the literal translation Laodong gaizao (laogai), the Chinese version of the gulags, was only &quot;Chinese Berio. Mao held that all who oppose the Party, who were insufficiently vigilant or are too incomprehensible to ordinary people use the Marxist phrase, should be dismissed as just &quot;a long, smelly feet with bandages lazy old woman.&quot;
 The hunt for the alleged traitors, and many, though under torture, confessed to working for the nationalist Kuomintang and the Japanese, was so widespread and brutal that Mao himself admitted that it went too far. Apology and a triple bow before the members of the leadership has done with the fear that mistakes could be punished, that the compromise position first. Although only 1945th became Chairman of the Communist Party of China, the loyalty to the leader who has already called the Great Savior of the People, regardless of the chaos and constant change became the norm. China is expected to change, a socialist revolution, said Chairman Mao, were worn by peasants. During the war the Communist government ran only one part of China. Rest of the country, those who are not occupying Japanese, ruled Chiang Kai-shek and the Nationalist Kuomintang. Pressed and neispeglan two Chinese leaders appear to have been quite different. Chang still pressed, with medals on his uniform.
 Mao in a plain kit insisted on roughness, acted as a farmer, although he grew up in poverty. &quot;The best ideas come to me until it stretches to make a great emergency,&quot; said Mao was not at all subtle. Chang, who has suffered from the same health problems, as well as chairman, was married several times. They were brutal, both uncompromising, and ready for calculations. After Japan&#39;s defeat in the second World War II it seemed that Chiang will eventually overcome the savagery. China was one of four world policeman, as a global organization saw the United States. He had some support Moscow. Stalin had little trust in the possibility of communist revolution with the peasants. With independent Maomé has never known. Chiang are with the help of a large Communist Party and the fluid power could easily push. &quot;Where there is failure, it will be successful. Where there is success, will also be failures. Bad seeds can still bring plenty of tomorrow.
 What we now think of the disaster, may later prove to be useful, &quot;he wrote in his diary, Chiang Kai-shek, interpreting the world as a perpetual contradiction removal. Endless errors Nationalist regime, the inability of the army and the lack of government until 1949. were so that failures could not be compensated. Communist People&#39;s Liberation Army in the fall 1949th came to Chonqinga, where he was Chiang Kai-shek. Generalissimo was persuading followers to be served, that the outbreak of the Third World War, the Soviets and Americans to give China another chance to save the West, and then his regime. At dawn on 30th November were awakened by bodyguards and driven to the airport. In recent months, his entourage of several hundred osula only a few dozen and a commitment not to leave the impression of retreat in a panic, was ridiculous. Flew to Taiwan, an island where the 1947th Kuomintang government crushed the rebellion of the local population that is now drowning in the chaos of hundreds of thousands of refugees from the mainland.
 Chang was broken, but not without hope of return. Just as Mao Zedong in many cases, he admitted that the defeat is a result of its mistakes. Kuomintang should be reformed, so the Academy is organized to study the performance of the Revolution. However, just like Mao, Chang did not want to digress. The war against the UN and incompetent rulers of Taiwan authorities did not leave the global conflict, but a local war. After the 25th srpnja 1950th forces of North Korea attacked the South, the United States, although very disappointed in dojučerašnjeg ally, sent the Seventh Fleet. Korean War, the Chinese are justified, but not encouraged, for more than two decades of delayed entry of the People&#39;s Republic of China in the UN. China then entered the conflict, fought against the UN forces. Chairman of the Communist Party of China is, finally, in a world that only offered a choice between socialism and imperialism, and chose the side to which it will be &quot;inclined&quot; to ensure that the fruits of victory.
 The choice was understandable, but not the only possible because the Secretary of State United States Dean Acheson said that in Asia to find Titus. Yes it could be found in China, suggested the U.S. consul in Shanghai, John Cabot, a former U.S. charge d&#39;affaires in Belgrade, a man who was a full year prior to the Resolution of the Information Bureau predicted that Stalin would have been angry at the Croatian Communists in Belgrade. Rumors of this development I was Mao confirmed a few years later, the Soviet Ambassador in Beijing Pavel Judah, a former editor of the central newspapers IB - which is printed in Belgrade until the break of relations with the USSR. Humiliated Khrushchev, Mao traveled to Moscow in a few weeks after the proclamation of the People&#39;s Republic of China in October 1949th The Soviets took the Chinese Theatre, where they watched &quot;Red poppies,&quot; based on motifs Chang &#39;pogrom Communists 1927th Mao responded to such arrogance completely ignoring the open display of boredom and underreporting casualties in Soviet Leningrad, indifference to the monuments and the outbreak of the October Revolution.
 Despite the failures of the protocol and deliberate arrogance hosts who left him to wait weeks to be received by Stalin. &quot;We have only three tasks: the first is to eat, sleep second, third shit,&quot; said Mao negodujući hosts, but other than Georgia&#39;s other allies in the Kremlin was not. Patience paid off, and the Treaty of Friendship signed. Time at a time set all the parameters of Chinese policy. As long as Stalin was alive, all the injustices the Soviet forgot. Only when it came to power in the Kremlin, Nikita Khrushchev, Mao felt superior to the revolutionary scale. The condemnation of Stalinism, however that Mao despised the arrogance of Stalin, in Beijing is interpreted as a waiver of the revolution. When in 1958. Nikita Khrushchev came to visit China, Mao received it by the pool. Non-swimmers from the Kremlin is deliberately humiliated and ridiculed during the photo shot. On the day of departure from Beijing, and they are not informed, the Soviets had heard that the Chinese artillery opened fire on several islands in the vicinity of Taiwan.
 Then, Kang Sheng, again one of Mao&#39;s closest adviser, announced the implementation of the Great Leap. Trying rapid industrialization has destroyed millions. - Mao&#39;s insane, ripe for a sanatorium - talking Khrushchev&#39;s 1964th, after some time Beijing has become a new hub in the socialist world. In Belgrade, thus satisfied, and probably some U.S. diplomats who received the satisfaction of claiming that Mao can be converted to Tito. China is breaking the hegemony of Moscow, but it was too radical. Nevertheless, the way to the West opened up after yet another political experiment. To the revolutionary energy of the masses once launched, 1966. the Cultural Revolution began. Bureaucratization and normalcy that prevented the Chinese enjoy more, &quot;a spring&quot;, was written by Mao in his verses. Little red book repeatedly that the revolution is an uprising, not an invitation to dinner. China is once again swam the &quot;great chaos&quot; that was supposed to lead to order.
 Order was not, but the state is almost ceased to function. Destroyed as museums, shorn women, tortured, and all professors who allegedly gave up the construction of a revolution, changing the names of streets and cities. Hong Kong has been renamed the &quot;city that should banish imperialist&quot;. The new long march of hundreds of thousands of people were displaced in the village, many were killed, burned non utilitarian literature. The madness is stopped only after the brawl of China and the Soviets turned into an armed conflict. Chaos must be stopped. With almost equal ease with which he entered the most dangerous experiments Mao is now understood that China is far more threatening to those who were previously leaning entirely. U.S. President Richard Nixon had his reasons for the visit to China that in 1971. eventually replace Taiwan in the UN Security Council and the membership of the UN. It began a new era, in which the revolution in China got a new look. Again it was traced Mao, but the original idea remained less.
 When in Belgrade in 1978. Mao&#39;s successor Hua Guofeng announced that China would implement a policy of &quot;four modernization&quot; of agriculture, industry, defense and science and the progress they want to achieve by the end of 20th century, there is little to suggest the new &quot;long march&quot; to be successful. Only the events in Tiananmen Square 1989th, when the suppression of student riots showed that the cold war might otherwise end up in Europe, slowed the straightness of the plan. Compared with what happened during the greater part of the 20th century, China is once again transformed into the Kingdom of the environment, the center of Asia, and in many ways and the world. Out of Mao&#39;s ideology of little else, except for China, which is his work. It is paradoxical that the words Chiang Kai-Seka how bad seed sometimes bear fruit in the future at the end in many ways confirmed. Too bad they only have to pay millions of people lives. History of China
 