It is located in the west of Africa. Independent since 1960. Area 924,000 km ², 129 million people. The capital of Abuja, Ibadan other, Orbomošo, Harkurt, Kandua, Iles. Borders with Niger, Cameroon, Čadom, Benin. Time is the money &quot;NAIRU&quot;. Tourism development. The content of history was an English colony. Independent since 1960, a republic since 1963. The Civil War lasted until 1970., Which began when the southern part of Nigeria wanted to separate. It had several coups. A member of the Commonwealth. Population largest religious community in the country are Christians (49%) of which 12% Catholic, 26% Protestant, 9% African Christians and 2% Copts, Muslims (45%) and the rest were members of local faith. The government in its history has had more impact. Political Party: National Party of Nigeria, Nigerian People&#39;s Party, Unity Party of Nigeria, ... Political division consists of 19 states and the federal capital.
 Geography publishing the Atlantic Ocean. Relief of the ocean and the interior lowlands and the northern mountains (the highest peak Josh 2010 m). Mountains are located on the east (Adam&#39;s Mountain). Tropical air, and Pallid mainly in the north. Nigeria is Africa&#39;s most populous state. The population consists of about 100 ethnic groups. Most of them are 29% Hausa in the north with them and Fulani 11%, Kanuri 4%. In the Southwest Jruba 20% to 18% Igbo southeast and Idžo, Tvi and others. Almost half the population are Muslims who are in the majority in the north and west. About 40% are Christians, among them the dominant Catholics and Anglicans are the most in the south. The economy has a large influence of foreign capital, but more and more legislation is trying to maintain at least some enter. They have great mineral wealth. Increasingly, agriculture is decreasing. Agricultural resources: peanuts, palm oil, coffee, millet, corn, sweet potatoes, tomatoes. Industry: Machinery, non-ferrous metallurgy, oil refineries, chemical, wood, footwear, textile ...
 Rude: petroleum, bauxite, asbestos, coal, lead, gold. For idustriju as well as the growing influence of ore imatidržava wants to &quot;protect them&quot; from foreign capital. Culture External links relevant articles in the States Africa Algeria • Angola • Benin • Botswana • Burkina Faso • Burundi • Central African Republic • Chad • Djibouti • Egipat1) • Equatorial Guinea • Eritrea • Ethiopia • Gabon • Gambia • Ghana • Guinea • Guinea Bissau • South Africa • Cameroon • Kenya • Comoros • Democratic Republic of the Congo • Republic of the Congo • Lesotho • Liberia • Libya • Madagascar • Malawi • Mali • Mauritania • Mauritius • Morocco • Mozambique • Namibia • Niger • Nigeria • Ivory Coast • Rwanda • Senegal • Seychelles • Sierra Leone • Somalia • Sudan • Swaziland • Sao Tome and Principe • Tanzania • Togo • Tunisia • Uganda • Zambia • Cape Verde • Zimbabwe territories and unrecognized State Ceuta (Spain) • South Sudan • Canary Islands (Spain) • Madeira Islands ( Portugal) • Mayotte (France) • Melilla (Spain) • Reunion (France) • Somaliland • Saint Helena (UK) • • Western Sahara Zanzibar (Tanzania) 1) and considered part of Asia.
 Retrieved from &quot;http://bs.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nigerija&quot; Category: cleaning | need standardization | World Countries | Nigeria Questions for article: Nigerijos history, the ethnic majority population, lega Nigeria, Nigeria, Kaduna, Nigeria, Nigerijos economics, geography Nigerijos, vstanite Royak ubogajte KLIC Nigeria Zvezna Republic of Nigeria, but Nigeria is the only state obmorska v Zahodna Afriki v Guinean Gulf. večja its place is nahajajo the southern Plains, Nigerijos history
 