Web-site Wikileaks was announced Wednesday in a secret CIA document, stating that Al Qaeda intends to recruit Americans and warns that the U.S. could be viewed as an &quot;exporter&quot; of terrorism. The document states that it could cause damage to U.S. relations with allies and reduce their desires to cooperate in vanpravosudnim activities &quot;such as extradition and interrogation of terrorist suspects. That&#39;s the conclusion of the document on three sides, which is drawn up last February, Red cell, which was after the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001. was formed by then CIA Director George Tenet as &quot;an informal brain&quot; for analysis outside the public eye. Under the headline &quot;What if aliens in the United States saw the exporters of terrorism?&quot;, The document resembles the case of David Hedlia, an American of Pakistani origin, to illustrate the idea of America as an exporter of terrorism. Hedl has admitted that he managed to support the attack group Lashkar-i-Taiba 2008th
 in Bombay, where it killed more than 160 people. The extremist group has allowed his movement to the line of the United States-Pakistan-India, according to a secret CIA paper. This &quot;export&quot;, however, is not anything new, reminding Washington Post. In 1994. the American-Jewish doctor Baruch Goldstein immigrated to Israel from New York, where he joined the extremist group Kah and killed 29 Palestinians at prayer in a mosque in Hebron. Marie Harf Portparolka CIA tried to minimize the significance of a secret document that the words &quot;this kind of analytic actions simply serve to provoke thought and present different views.&quot; In a secret paper, however, also states that while the antiterrorist experts focus on threats to the homeland, al Qaeda and other terrorist groups &quot;may all Americans actively look for operations abroad.&quot; It also stated that if the &quot;made-in-America brand becomes generally known, foreign partners can rebel, maybe even require the extradition of U.S. citizens suspected of being terrorists.
 Rejection of the United States to extradite their nationals could cause damage to the alliance and in extreme cases to state governments to consider a secret evacuation of U.S. citizens from U.S. soil. &quot; Wikileaks recently published a 76 000 classified U.S. military report on the war in Afghanistan. The publication of these documents, the critics immediately denounced the words that it would jeopardize U.S. troops and their Afghan collaborators. The Pentagon&#39;s map of the editorial demanded that these documents have disappeared. Wikileaks, however, said it plans to publish another 15 000 reports on the war in Afghanistan, as soon as you check the names and other information that potentially could inflict damage to the civilian population. (E-Gazette)
 