The media world has recently been shocked by the statement detained Taliban in Pakistan, which was cited by BBC. Detained Taliban claims that on several occasions met with the sheikh Osama bin Laden before the attacks on the World Trade Center, 11 September 2001. And not only that detained Taliban is also said to have held a meeting with Shaykh Usama in January or February of 2009, and that could turn an appointment with him. This statement is certainly startling and disturbing all Western intelligence agencies like the CIA and the M16. This is somewhat understandable if one bears in mind the fact that it has been more than seven arduous years of searching for information so that they pointed to the location of Sheikh Osama bin Laden is. But they never had information like this. So where is Sheikh Osama? Miracle at Tora Bora Is Sheikh Usama bin Laden still alive? Where is he now? Everyone, especially those who are skeptical about its location, eagerly await the answers to these two questions.
 A story about a siege in which the sheikh Osama was in Tora Bora mountains in 2001, after the attack on the World Trade Center, it is not known to many people, even though I Sheikh Osama released a statement about how he and his companions managed to escape the deadly attack Americans and their ally. The mountains of Tora Bora, Afghanistan, 20 Recep 1422nd (October 7, 2001.) Dozens of U.S. combat aircraft are throwing their red-hot lead in the trenches of the Mujahideen, who were scattered in the mountains of Tora Bora. Not only that, &quot;smart&quot; bombs, cluster bombs and bombs for the destruction of the caves were poured from bombarderskih aircraft type B52 and C130 in the mountainous area whose surface is less than one square kilometer. They wanted to completely destroy this small area and it wiped off the face of the earth. America&#39;s leaders were convinced that the sheikh Osama bin Laden was in the area. Every minute was at least one fighter aircraft flew the Mujahideen positions, severe bombardujući them day and night.
 This did not stop until the middle of Ramadan. Meanwhile, Sheikh Usama bin Laden, together with his faithful companion sheikh Ejmenom ez-Zavahirijem, and more than 300 Mujahideen continued to resist, hoping only to Allah, SWT, grace and support against U.S. attacks and bombings that is not the end. Although the temperature was minus 10 degrees Celsius, were dug up 100 Hendek (trenches) in less than one square kilometer, and each hendek on average have to protect 3 of the Mujahideen. They did that to avoid any additional victims of U.S. bombing. Only in one go, the plane could fly more than two hours to remove 20-30 bombs. However, Alhamdulillah, despite their heavy bombardment, and their frightening journalistic propaganda, that destiny is not hit this little space from all sides was in the environment. Despite the power of the hypocrites, who were paid by America to fight continuously for half a month, the forces of Sheikh Osama bin Laden are obviously defeated enemies.
 Subhanallah! (Glory to Allah!) In fact, thanks to the help and blessing of Allah, Shaykh Usama bin Laden and the Mujahideen were able to resist the enemy and to retaliate in kind, until he had successfully defeated the American forces, who eventually had to pick up their dead and wounded soldiers. This has resulted in U.S. forces that never should dare to enter the area controlled by Sheikh Osama, as is the case with the mountainous area of Tora Bora. History has recorded the outcome of the most fearsome battles between criminal allies of the world, with all its power, and a small group of Mujahideen who was standing on the side of the Haqq (truth). Struggling from Hendek, a group of only 300 Mujahideen managed to resist the enemy. The battle was gained by the Ahlul-iman (faith, followers) - Sheikh Usama bin Laden and his forces, who suffered only about six percent of the losses in personnel and about two percent in hendecima, Alhamdulillah.
 Has Shaykh Usama bin Laden still alive? Heroic event in the mountains of Tora Bora did not mark the end of war. In fact, it turns out that it was the turning point battle in favor of Sheikh Osama bin Laden and his Al-Qaeda, which was previously thought to have been &quot;completed&quot; by the Americans and their allies. Events at Tora Bora is a fact and hard evidence that Sheikh Usama bin Laden is still alive. However, where it is now? Indeed, it is very difficult to know where this man whose head is estimated at 50 million dollars from the U.S. government. Taliban detainees, who was interviewed by the BBC, said that they are sheikhs informants from the Mehsud tribe responsible for the organization of Al-Kaidinih operations. &quot;Sheikh has not spent time in one place. His informants were from Gaznija, so I think this is a place where the Sheikh, &quot;he explained. Province of Ghazni, which lies to the east of Afghanistan, the Taliban&#39;s strongest base.
 A large part of the province is protected from attacks by foreign forces and coalition forces in Afghanistan murtedskih. Hence Shaykh Usama bin Laden managed to restore power Al-Qaeda, which has long been in disarray after bomardovanja in the mountains of Tora Bora. U.S. intelligence analysts to assess that Al-Qaeda, led by Osama bin Laden, regained its strength and that the day is becoming stronger and stronger. In fact, in his last recorded message, Sheikh Osama has called for new attacks. PJ Krol, security analyst at the Center for American Progress, thinks that Iraq was a blessing for Al-Qaeda because they were the United States caught on bait. This is consistent with what has been said Mike Dzerman, a former FBI agent classes for the fight against terrorism. He declared that the war in Iraq allowed Al Qaeda to kill large numbers of Americans through their collaborators in Iraq. Meanwhile, Tomas Kin Li and Hamilton believe the Washington Post: &quot;There is a conflict that requires more time, attention, human and material losses, finance and support such a war in Iraq.
 He became the most powerful tool for recruiting and training new members of Al Qaeda. &quot;According to the estimates of analysts, Al-Qaeda network headed by Usama is within seven years, after 11 September 2001, established a new and great seats in a remote region of Pakistan. Mountainous area, which is populated by Pashtun tribes, was the first target of Al-Kaidinih fighters to be rescued by the U.S. bombing of that in 2001. overthrew the Taliban government in Afghanistan. Roan Gunaratna, an expert on terrorism and author of &quot;Inside Al-Qaeda&quot;, said: &quot;The tribal areas became the headquarters of Al-Qaeda globally. There are facilities for training, planning and preparing attacks on targets that smell in the West. &quot;Many sources have said that so far can not determine with certainty where is Osama, but testified that Hamza was the son and potential successor to Osama, recently arrived in the area of Pashtun tribes.
 &quot;No person knows where Osama bin Laden. Two and a half years he was in Kunar province in Afghanistan, but we do not know where he is now, &quot;said one fighter. Capturing Osama is an American priority. In fact, they estimate Usaminu head to $ 50 million. Meanwhile, Pakistan has explicitly denied claims that Osama is in its territory. Pakistan Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani is Thursday, the 3rd December, said that his government has taken strict action against any rebellion Al-Qaeda. &quot;I do not believe inormacijama who say that Osama is hiding in Pakistan,&quot; Gilani said at a news conference with British Prime Minister Gordon Brown in London. Pakistani Foreign Minister Shah Mehmud Qureshi agreed with the statement and admitted that he does not know where Osama is hiding and is still alive. &quot;Nobody knows where he stands. If you have the right information, you will find us happy, &quot;said a BBC radio.
 Meanwhile, a former analyst at the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) Bruce Ridel believes that Sheikh Osama is still alive. &quot;We know that he is still alive and hiding in an inaccessible place and somewhere on the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan.&quot; Shaykh Usama: Fight to the end As quoted in the book &quot;In the heart of Al-Qaeda&quot; (Ar Rahmah Media, 2008), Sheikh Osama bin Laden was still repeating his statement that he does not want to be captured alive. America is iscrpjela millions of dollars and lost thousands of soldiers in an attempt to capture the sheikh Osama bin Laden and destroy Al-Qaeda. However, from day to day, Shaykh Usama bin Laden and Sheikh Ejmen ez-Zavahiri show signs of victory in the political arena and in the propaganda of Al Qaeda. No person knows for sure where the two men are hiding. What is circulating around are only assumptions. Some people believe that two of them are always changing their location from one clan to another, the Afghan-Pakistani border, which stretches 1500 miles.
 This territory is outside the control of Pakistan and the people who live there feel great Sheikh Usama &quot;mujahideen warriors&quot; who fought for the freedom of Afghanistan, the enemies of Islam, by sacrificing their wealth and lives for our brothers and sisters in faith. Esad General Durrani, chief of Inter-Services Intelligence of Pakistan, is convinced that the big cities the best places to Sheikh Osama bin Laden to hide. Cities such as Karachi, Faisalabad, Peshawar, and Květa Ravalpindi are excellent hiding places for the sheikh, and at the same time products and key figures Al-Qaeda. Those who are closest to Shaykh Usama bin Laden, said the sheikh lived in the same house as Abu Zubejda, who was captured in March 2002. in Faisalabad. Sources say that Sheikh Usama bin Laden left the house three days before he was attacked by a joint US-Pakistani forces. Even when the sheikh Osama bin Laden delivered his recorded audio message last few months, he did not give any indication about where it is located.
 His statements are only confirmed that he and Sheikh Ejmen ez-Zavahiri are in a comfortable and safe place, and that can monitor political developments in the Arabian Peninsula, and in the world. Shaykh Usama said, when he returned to Afghanistan after being expelled from Sudan, is no longer used by modern equipment such as cellular or satellite phones, Internet or electronic mail as a means of communication. He decided to communicate via hand-written messages that originally sold by courier. Via courier, and had access to the latest news, by and download your copied in Internet cafes. Because of their skill, it is very difficult to trace and Usami Shaykh Shaykh Ejmenu ez-Zavahiriju. They created their own security systems. Shaykh Usama is always in the company of his bodyguard and a small group of trusted veterans. One proof of his successful security system is that the places where they are hiding his two wives and about twenty of his sons and daughters are also unknown.
 The same applies to the family of Sheikh Ejmena ez-Zavahirija. Nobody knows anything. Sheikh Usama bin Laden and Sheikh Ejmen ez-Zavahiri range of areas whose population supports Al-Qaeda, and where their followers are ready to die defending them. This is different from Saddam Hussein, who was arrogant and reckless as it always moved in the same area. Despite the fact that he was in hiding, Saddam continues to behave as a monarch. He was visiting some tribal leaders and followers communicate with disloyal and unreliable bodyguards. In addition, 14,000 members of United States troops and three quarters of Iraq&#39;s population were against it. Accordingly, dead or alive, Sheikh Osama bin Laden will always be a problem for America. And, if he was captured alive? The question is, according šejhovim words, how to become a martyr, and this should happen in the bloody action. If you kill him, it would make him a warrior and will increase the hatred of Muslims by America, particularly in areas under their control and which are populated by Al-Qaeda supporters.
 Sheikhs death will not diminish the force of Al-Qaeda, just as the death of Sheikh Abu Musab ez-Zarkavija did not have any negative impact on the state of Al-Qaeda. The similarity between the latest attacks, which were carried out by Al-Qaeda, suggests that the organization has a vibrancy and power that does not depend on the leaders, or some special person in your organization. The only ideology of Islam can no longer consolidate and strengthen the movement and to continue fighting even after the death of his leader. So, dead or alive, Sheikh Osama bin Laden will always be a role model and inspiration for Al-Qaeda. Allah knows best! Source: Arrahmah.com Tags: Osama bin Laden | Osama bin Laden Newer news items: Older news items:&gt;
 