Despite the unfortunate death of sanjkaša from Georgia, adverse weather conditions, demonstrations, and great technical error at the opening, the decision of the International Olympic Committee to XXI. Winter Olympics: Vancouver&#39;s award was correct. Because, in Canada there is enough money for everything to be at the highest level and that the world is fascinated by another top sporting event. After all, the Olympics have always been a celebration of sport, love and tolerance, which is in itself enough to feel good. And it is here and that he sees. It&#39;s nice these days to be part of that atmosphere. Most supported games. Part of the inert, accompanied only by television. In a large number of citizens of Vancouver and other Canadians who came to town wearing clothes with the label or Canada maple leaf, all a lot of flags, balconies, cars, even the city buses adorned the popular slogan of &quot;Go Canada Go!&quot; However, behind the scenes stuff not exactly perfect.
 These Games will be the city with surrounding settlements Vancouver, British Columbia and the State Canada total cost about $ 6 billion, of which one billion is spent on insurance. If we take into account the 5500 athletes and supporting staff, 10,000 media employees, 25,000 volunteers and about 250,000 tourists come to the fact that each of these persons organizers cost about $ 3500. Like most dosadašnijh Olympics, and this will bring financial loss, and the organizers will not yet admit it, but it will consistently emphasize the values that remain - such as venues, infrastructure and promotion of the city and state. It is therefore not surprised many legal and illegal demonstrations (despite the exact numbers of protesters is impossible to find in local media) and the indifference of a certain number of citizens of Vancouver. For, while out of their pockets, paid for the Games, on the other side of the section on health and social welfare. Multicultural tolerance, however, there are so called.
 First Nations, to simplify - the Indians. Whole Winter Olympics were marked by the four nations in harmony with nature has always lived in this area, so it is sad to watch the apology persistent (white) Canadians to conquer territory and imposing their way of life. It is open, as the largest spaktakl, to the best shows. Announced as the largest value of these games, the Indians were on the open stage with laughter, song and dance should accept the offered. It seems they are not because, as they say, the games are its infrastructure, and even greater interest in the land further penetrated into their unspoilt areas. In vain bilingual signs in their territories. Earth is conquered. Just as the vast expanse of beautiful nature and rich resources of the maximum value of Canada which have led to the top of the countries in which we now live. It is very important, even critical, multicultural tolerance. Unlike the U.S., in Canada the number of Asians, Pakistanis and Indians do not getoiziraju, but upon arrival integrate into society, in short, learn the rules.
 This can not happen to enter the Mexican or Chinese restaurant, and that the staff does not know English, which is in Texas or California, a very common phenomenon and worthy of criticism. And Vancouver has a China Town, but he looks like a typical example, in New York to San Francisco. In Richmond, the southern suburbs, the largest Chinese community living in North America. The exception is Quebec, the French part of Canada to the east, where the integration of immigrants goes somewhat difficult because local French in the beginning are considered inferior and are afraid they will &quot;contaminate&quot; their Quebec. Although, it seems that there things are going better, the past few years, the French do not mention secession (Quebec is the only state that has not signed the Canadian constitution in 1992.), Though, the referendum, they qualify. I guess they realized that they would remain isolated, which would result in economic ruin. Vancouver with its suburbs has about two million inhabitants, and the whole Columbia Bitish four.
 This town at first glance, nothing is produced. There is no industry in the classical sense, but there are airports, two universities, trade, tourism, the center of the film art ... The highest values are found outside the city, and that the mines and forests. All this, plus a series of laws and rules for everyone (s) nicely kept, allows easy living in a clean environment, without the fuss and stress. Perhaps the most important thing in Canada, to which we should see, is &quot;a closed circle of patriotism.&quot; If you love your country, you can use bribery and corruption, or to avoid paying taxes. Because in the end you will all return, and life will be even nicer ... (continued) As at home jacket with the inscription Croatia and the Croatian coat of arms is a real magnet for people of our origin, but all the other curious and those who are heard about Croatia, or were much more. Interception is a daily occurrence in the street with a question: &quot;Can I be photographed with you? You know, my parents are Croats and will be happy to see us in the picture. &quot;The other Canadians recognize the red and white&quot; bricks &quot;, and many know and Split.
 &quot;Nice country,&quot; they say. I wonder what life is with us. Respond to them is not easy, but the truth about things there&#39;s no need. Our reporter with the Canadian Sikh can and black While the IOC and local authorities announced the strictest anti-counterfeiting and resale of tickets, smugglers have no fear. At two meters from the police, with the inscription on his chest, shouting to buy tickets. Of course, not for themselves but for future resale. For example, speed skating, which is normally 50, in front of the hall with a reseller is $ 300. Around $ 500 tickets for hockey games of the first phase of the tournament, although they are lucky to have them arrive at the 140th paid by lottery The agency selling tickets for all events (the Ticketing Office) can legally buy tickets if they have left. So the finale of hockey or skating moves up to $ 5000. Part of the profits will, of course, taken by the organizers. Time (not) the opportunity to air, apparently, is changing in Canada.
 The first five days of the Games has dominated the typical autumn weather. Rain in the city, and the snow in the mountains are typical for November, while in February or mostly sun, a mountain full of snow, thanks to low temperatures, well-kept. However, the postponement of ski competition more or less everything runs fine, because the organizers did not spare the money to enable the Winter Olympics take place without major difficulties. Interesting ... Here everyone is clean in front of his house, so there is no street cleaning. Water to drink tap water because it comes from the mountains, delicious and cold. Metro (aka the Skytrain) is the largest system of urban transport in the world who do not drive people, but trains run computers. At any cost, in most cases you must add a 12 percent tax and gratuities, as in the U.S., mandatory. Kindergarten for one child cost 1000 Canadian dollars a month (1 dollar is about 5 million) so if you have two children, the more it pays to take a legally Philippines for 1600, and even allows you to clean house.
 Mobile pays and the one that called the one who receives the call, and the same goes for SMS. On the other hand, calls from your home phone are free to any local number, either mobile, or fixed.
 