What the last two days going to move Israelis-Palestinians-World-Americans can only be described as an insult par Excellence! An insult to common sense, an insult to all those who are trying to revive the nearly dead peace process in the Middle East and thus solve the crisis that najtvrdokorniju than constantly changing circles of hostilities and violence is not the time nor the will for anything else! From the latest news, if it&#39;s even news, Israel is again blocked the West Bank. &quot;Only&quot; for 48 hours, just so that they &quot;sealed&quot; to understand who can and intends to do, whenever they wish. Rise in this area is not lacking, the question is just who choose a particular day. On this occasion, to increase tensions in Jerusalem. So says a spokesman for the army, and army and as the only constant &quot;communicate&quot; with the Palestinians. Why the increased tension? Israeli Vasti announced the establishment of new 1600 homes with their compatriots in the occupied territory, in the eastern part of town, the Arab region.
 You do not need reminding that they stop building new Jewish settlements and the future status of Jerusalem, and that each side claims in full, the terms of any future negotiations. The latest Israeli move Palestinians have rejected such a blow that for a while can not speak about the prospects for direct negotiations. It&#39;s hard to find a Palestinian leader who will sit in this situation with the opponents at the table! Advocate a peace process is almost bordering on foolishness! But most interesting is: when it came to announce that construction is continuing unabated pace, intentionally or not in the midst of official visits of high officials of America&#39;s most trusted friend of Israel, Vice President Joe Biden, quick and sharp on the tongue, it is almost onijemio! Namely, America, President Barack Obama word, we point all the power to persuade combatants in the Middle East that the time has come for serious talks, and finally peace.
 Stop building Jewish settlements in the occupied territories are deemed necessary and perhaps the least painful to start! And, what no one expected, it happened! Maybe, maybe Prime Minister Benyamin Netanyahu was not warned in advance about the decision the City Planning Committee, as his guests, who thought he was dreaming, I tried to explain the way, but ... Always it but the decision is published by the Ministry of Interior, which means that the decision was official! Is it possible that the prime minister knew nothing? If not, why not? Regardless of all the political damage he has done a latest move, the prime minister did not withdraw the decision! A government spokesman in the service of a fireman on duty that day, apologized for the serious mistakes! I Interior Minister Eli Yishai not see any error, but in each case added that it was not the intention to provoke anyone, especially not the U.S. vice-president! Is it possible that, as Prime Minister did not know that neither the minister does not know what it is ministry? The guest is, when collected, to host an official launch was delayed 90 minutes, condemned the decision to continue building, regardless of who he knew, and who is not, warning that this is a step that undermines the trust necessary for the negotiations, and in contradiction with the discussion that he himself had led up to this point with Israel.
 Is Benyamin Netanyahu, after many attempts, enough angry most powerful and best friend of their country? Will Barack Obama say what a lot of it has long expected: you are exaggerating, you have crossed the border! The same warning to America so far shown or weak or prepristojna. The American president has put his reputation on the line so mediating to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, that he returned a shot in the face. Will the outrage that has seen a sharper mean access or will show, unlike the President, as in Washington, Israel&#39;s strong network?
 