British Petroleum oil corporation, on Monday joined a new attempt to preventing oil spills from its wells in the Deepwater Horizon Meksièkom Bay, which, due to cutting for broken pipes may well exacerbate the leakage of oil by 20 percent, according to U.S. media. CNN quoted a live recording from the wells at a depth of 1.500 meters, which shows how robotic submarine rabeæi hidrauliènu circular saw with diamond tops, cut the tube at the top called. &quot;Blowout preventer&quot; devices on the seabed above the hole. In the second phase will robotic underwater vehicle to cut off the tube to try to set up a separate element attached to the pipe on a ship on the surface, with whom he drew oil and gas. Specifically drafted connecting element, like a hat, a hose for supplying methanol, which should prevent the gas and pressurized water are converted into clusters resembling ice, which zaèepile device previously used to collect oil from wells.
 Unsuccessful attempt to kill a top-Last week&#39;s attempt at closure of wells pumping drilling fluid (mud) and cement, which naftaškim rijeènikom called &quot;top kill&quot; in Saturday&#39;s BP declared unsuccessful as poveæalo dissatisfaction with the U.S. population Meksièkog Gulf coast, especially in Louisiana, is èijih about 240 km obak contaminated with oil and tar accumulations. Photo javno165 Despite fears, very little oil is reach other countries of the Gulf Coast of Mississippi, Alabama and Florida. Oil Spill currently covers an area of about 75.000 square kilometers, which is almost half the surface of the Adriatic Sea, which is about 160.000 square kilometers. U.S. administration officials and BP and on Sunday tried to draw attention with an unsuccessful attempt to close the well drilling fluids and cement usredotoèivši on expectations of a new attempt to drill by placing caps on most of crude oil transferred in tankers.
 BP officials have also acknowledged that they have no ways to close the hole until August, when it will complete the drilling of replacement wells in the same oil and would allow drilling concrete Deepwater Horizon of which is 20 April exploded, caught fire and sank bušaèka platform, which caused the largest oil pollution in U.S. history. The incident killed 11 crewmembers platform.
 