More than 14 million people are desperately fighting for his life fleeing from the floods and floods that have hit northeastern Pakistan. This humanitarian catastrophe that shook the world and is among the worst in the past fifty years, caused by torrential monsoon rain for days without stopping down, and forecasters announce further precipitation. The houses were under water up to rooftops, roads no longer exist, and wild streams with them regarding what they can get on the road. Estimates show that nearly 1700 people have lost their lives, and many fear that this is only an introduction to the sea that awaits the unfortunate Pakistanis. - We are saved from the water, but the time we&#39;re only prolong the agony because we will die of hunger. We do not have food, shelter, do not have spare clothes. All we have are shirts that we wear on it - the reporter told CBC News the 25-year-old Manzoor Ahmed, one of thousands of Pakistanis who was with his family escaped from Shikapura, until a few days of the city, and now the area in which it covers a large lake.
 Cut off to the north, however, the people of the sunken city can be considered fortunate compared with people from Khyber Pakhtukhwa, the region in the north country, where he remained almost completely cut off 600,000 people. All roads are submerged, a heavy, dense rain grounded the helicopters and a dozen where the Pakistani army tried to deliver aid to people who are drawn to the relatively dry and nepotopljene elevation. It is uncertain what the fate of these people, the rescuers will find themselves on the field when they finally manage to break them up. No food, water is contaminated, to a dry shelter no one can count on in this isolated region. It is known that only a few days among these people and the epidemic of cholera broke out. It is precisely in the area around the Swat Valley a few weeks ago led to some of the toughest fighting in the war against the Taliban, and when they are expelled, the sky opened up and started to drop heavy rain forcing the already tortured and desperate people in a new agony.
 And the rain continues to fall without stopping ... Brana Salvation How heavy is the situation in northeast Pakistan, is the fact that the U.S. military broke a dozen separate helicopters recently used in Afghanistan to help rescue people cut off from the world. However, due to extremely adverse weather conditions and the aircraft is currently grounded and no one certainly can not say when it will begin to deliver aid. The situation could well escalate as Pakistanis eyes are now focused on protupoplavnu dam Sukkur on which depends the security of the southern part of the country. If the dam succumb to the floods that would be to merge it in the next few days, the water will be found and the southern Pakistani Sindh region, while the number of vulnerable people literally overnight rise by another ten million and as much as the situation looked serious, the reality is Unfortunately, even Crnja. Areas that are now under water as the center of Pakistan&#39;s agriculture, which feeds most of the population of this country of 165 million people.
 The United Nations is already trying to calculate how much it will need to help Pakistan when floods subside so that people do survive the winter in front of them, as they will need food to survive until the next harvest. The President does not care about this tragedy is excited over the world, but not Pakistan&#39;s President Asif Ali Zardari, who is a government plane, accompanied by hundreds of followers, among whom were members of his family, went to visit Europe. While his countrymen suffer from floods and disease, while children in the cut ends of the earth begin to starve, Zardari stays in European hotels, luxury apartments, which the Pakistani government paid at $ 11,600 per night. &quot;It is not clear to me that he was not ashamed. While our people suffer, on the image of European capitals &quot;, was written by Fatima Bhutto (Foreign Policy), journalist and niece of slain Pakistani politician Benazir Bhutto, Zardari whom he was married.
 According to her, Pakistan&#39;s president used the opportunity to on this trip to promote his son Bilawala for his political heir, but the fate of the country did not care too much. Pakistanis, however this is poured over a glass of patience, so yesterday staged protests across the country. - In the past year, Pakistan has spent more time than President Richard Holbrooke Zadar - say. And Europe under water Floods ravage not only Central Asia but also Europe. Because of the swollen river for the weekend life in Poland, the Czech Republic, Germany and Lithuania lost 15 people. More than 1400 people evacuated from the German town of Goerlitz is the swollen river, and sunk in the southwestern Polish town of Bogatynia. On the field, firefighters, soldiers and members of civil protection that residents evacuate threatened areas. Because of stormy weather parts of the Czech and Slovak Republic were left without electricity and gas.
 Fortunately, meteorologists expect calm the weather and the cessation of precipitation and soon the withdrawal of water in river beds. While Pakistan is choking under water, the Russians are fighting the fire and while choking in Pakistan floods, Russia is an unheard of suffering under high temperatures and Fire that destroys everything that gets in his way. Hundreds of villages were killed in a fire burned even fifth crop, and the capital is under the thick smoke that has paralyzed all life threatening poisoning osmomilijunskog residents of this city. Moscow doctors yesterday reported that die every day in the city, about 700 people, and the mortality rate associated with the smoke and heat.
 