Several countries in the world has the misfortune to live next to an extremely neurotic neighbors, which can never be sure what to do in the next year, or just six months. One of these states is the Republic of Korea (aka South Korea) who must live in constant fear of the Democratic People&#39;s Republic of Korea (North Korea) and the local communist dictatorship. Besides being intensively developing nuclear weapons North Korea has an army of one million one hundred thousand soldiers. Although it is generally armed with outdated Soviet weapons of mass of more than 3600 tanks, 2500 armored combat vehicles and more than 6000 artillery gun is enough to flood their already flooded South Korea. In addition to North Korean army in a relatively short time to mobilize an additional eight million soldiers. When we add a constant inflammatory rhetoric from the north going south, and all sorts of provocation, it is not surprising that South Korea to equip his army aside billions of dollars.
 When you are forced to have their armed forces to allocate so many resources in Seoul have decided that it would be good if as much of that money will be channeled into developing their own dedicated production. One project was the development of domestic K1 tank, with ample technical assistance of General Dynamics. K1 was introduced into operational use 1985th Then on its basis developed K1A1, which instead of 105 mm cannons got substantially more effective than 120 mm. Having gained extensive experience with development and production of modern tanks Južnokoreanci in 1993. decided it was time to develop even more advanced, in their estimation, the most modern tank in the world. Although the vast majority K1A1 superior North Vietnamese tanks (mostly T-54/55 and T-62) development of a new tank is partly a response to the rapid development of the advancing Chinese tanks, but also attempts to open up export potential. Specifically, K1 and K1A1 mainly been developed thanks to abundant foreign aid, and their export is limited use of foreign technologies and systems.
 Therefore, South Korean experts for Defence Development Agency and Hyundai Rotem been tasked to develop a new tank solely on the basis of national technical solutions. Because of the need for testing new systems built two technology demonstrators. The first is labeled Firepower Test Rig (FTR) is intended for testing the dome, and the other as the Automotive Test Rig (ATR) system designed for testing engines and chassis, and got a fixed dome. Interestingly, it was originally planned to K2 equipment Rheinmetallovim of 140 mm cannon, but it was later dropped because the development of the cannon has been suspended. Therefore, L55 is built top of 120 mm, but the dome continues adapted for retrofitting of 140 mm cannon, when and if it is available. Early 2007. announced that they completed three prototypes (designated as Black Panther), which in themselves have a 90 percent local components. Development XK2 officially ended in 2006.
 a copy of the first series was completed in second March 2007. The South Korean army announced that it will order a minimum of 390 Black Panther, but considering that the K2 to replace more than 950 South Korean M-48, it is expected that the final order will be greater than 500 copies. Južnokoreanci expect a lot from exports and Black Panther. In fact, the first major export success already achieved since Turkey in June 2007. decided to buy a license for the production of some systems to develop on the basis of Altay tank. Signing the contract on the sale of licenses, technology transfer and technical assistance between Hyundai Rotem and Turkish Otokar performed on 30 July 2008. The contract value is estimated at 540 million U.S. dollars. Although the data rely on K2, Altay will be his backup. According to current announcements Altay first prototype should be completed by the end of 2012. Given that the unit price of K2 for South Korean Army a further 8.5 million U.S. dollars export is very questionable.
 But coming from Rotem notice that the price of a tank after the start of series production significantly reduced, and that the export versions priced to be competitive tanks like fighting qualities. Although the power Paljbena K2 adjusted mounting cannon caliber 140 mm, based on firepower will consist Rheinmetallovim gun L55 (pipe length 6.6 m) 120 mm, which will be produced under license in South Korea company World Industries Ace Corporation. With top charger automatically goes into the back of the turret that can hold 16 rounds. Nexter confirmed that the automatic charger on K2 was developed on the basis of charging for its Leclerc tank. The dome and the body of the tank still can accommodate 24 rounds of 120 mm. Automatic battery to the speed of fire of 15 rounds per minute, which is not surprising if one considers that the North Korean army has 3600 tanks and about 2500 other armored vehicles. Within the PIP (product improvement program) modernization program discusses the possibility of using chemical elektrotermalnog-L55 120 mm cannon.
 The new top paljbenu should significantly increase the power to increase the combat kit. The shells, which are used on K2 knows relatively little. Only that it developed for the new potkalibarna shell that uses the penetrator from specially processed tungsten. Humble sources indicate that the thermal treatment of improved quality of tungsten has increased so much that its efficiency is comparable with potkalibarnim Penetrat made of depleted uranium. Instead of being made so deformed tungsten penetrator peels, and his fiery debris destroyed the interior of the tank. Another particularity is the use of K2 KSTAM-II (Korean Smart Top-Attack Munition), anti-tank guided missiles. KSTAM-II does not have a rocket engine for the exclusive use inertia obtained from the combustion of gunpowder fired / launched. Targets of attack from above, in order to avoid jamming systems, and attacked the weakest part of the armored tank - the roof of the dome.
 Equipped with a combined millimeter radar and infrared homing system. The minimum range is two, and the largest eight kilometers. With the top is coupled to the 7.62 mm machine gun, while on the roof of the dome heavy machine gun of 12.7 mm. To take advantage of excellent end to combat gun features K2 L55 is equipped with modern computer-SUP-om. Ciljatelj available KGPS (Korean Gunner&#39;s Primary Sight) system that has a living and thermal imaging camera, laser rangefinder is safe for human vision and ballistic computer. This combination allows the destruction of moving targets from the movement. The commander uses the latest independent panoramic device KCPS (Korean Commander Panoramic Sight). KCPS allows the commander to detect and identify the target, and it automatically &quot;switch&quot; ciljatelju. Both systems are taken with the K1A1 tank. However, these common elements SUP K2 has a metric radar whose antenna located on the front side of the dome, next to the cannon tube.
 This radar capable of detecting aircraft flying at lower altitudes, but also anti-tank guided missiles. Modern ballistic computer, according to the claims Južnokoreanaca, strong enough to calculate the parameters for the gun to be shot and slower ciljevu in the air (like helicopters). To increase the efficiency of the tank on the battlefield C4I embedded link, IFF / SIF (Identification Friend or Foe / Selective Indetification Feature) and a system for monitoring the battlefield. IFF / SIF system is set up above the gun, rather on his mantletu. When the commander or ciljatelj detects a potential target system sends a coded signal. If you do not get a proper coded response ciljatelj be considered to be an enemy and will open fire. The system for monitoring the battlefield is actually an electronic map on which (with GPS) shows the position of enemy tanks and buildings. Armor protection basis armor makes multilayer armor of unknown composition.
 Apparently it is the most modern armor from the front protects potkalibarnog K2 projectile fired from a cannon L55. With multi-layered armor K2 can be fitted with explosive reactive armor for additional protection against missiles with shaped charge warhead. Equipped with a passive system for the protection of the upcoming guided missiles. The system combines radar to detect missiles and optical system to detect missile launchers with smoke that visibility zaprečuju human eye, radar and infrared observation systems. Were fitted by the radar system for detecting radiation and its interference. Of course, there is a system for detecting and blocking the laser radiation. Inside the tank is equipped with an automatic fire extinguishing system. Therefore, it is considered that K2, despite the weight of only 55 tons, has armor protection, which is the level of Leopard 2 A6, or even better. An improved version of K2 PIP should get a non-explosive reactive armor.
 The development is also an active anti-missile system similar to the system of Iron Fist, which is used on Israeli tanks and armored vehicles. The mobility of the prototypes used MTU 890 diesel engine power 1100 kW (1500 hp), the K2 gave excellent mobility. However, the MTU 890 is a temporary solution until they had completed the development of South Korean motor of the same forces that produced by Doosan Infracore Corporation. It was believed that the Koreans bought a license for the manufacture of engines, but it seems not. Therefore, in 2010. news emerged that K2 has a problem with the reliability of engines and automatic transmissions. On the prototypes used automatic transmissions Renk K2, while the serial specimens obtained transmission Korean S &amp; T Hevy Industries. Because of the specific power of 27.27 hp / t is not surprising that the maximum speed K2 70 km / h. Advanced Hydraulic In-arm Suspension Unit (ISU) suspension to change the clearance and height of the vehicle and its naginjane the nose or the hips.
 This solution was first incorporated into the American experimental vehicle HIMAG and basically every ISU hydraulic shock absorber consists of two connected tanks filled with liquid or gas. ISU is mounted on each vehicle wheel and allows you to K2 on uneven ground maintains a speed of 50 km / h. The standard clearance height is 0.45 m, but can be reduced to 0.15 and increased to 0.55 m. The standard height is 2.4 m. K2 reducing klirenska on track reduces the amount of gravity tank, thus increasing manageability. In addition, reducing the height makes loading and hauling tanks and rail transport aircraft. By increasing the height of the front of the tank increases and the ability to engage targets such as the higher floors of buildings or helicopters. Thanks to the use of an automatic transmission accelerates from 0-31 km / h in seven seconds. Transmission has five speeds forward speeds and three reverse.
 With the preparation of about 30 minutes to cross the water obstacle depth 4.1 meter. It is interesting that the designers of the tank set up water tanks capacity 440 liters crossing is vertical obstacle 1.3 m height overcomes the steep angle of 60 degrees. The autonomy movement is 450 km. The motor pool designers have managed to squeeze in a gas turbine with elektrogeneratorom as auxiliary power sources. Turbine power is 75 kW (100 hp) and provides power supply and when the engine is turned off (or broken). Conclusion Južnokorejanci K2 described as the most modern tank in the world. No, 2010. local parliament has reduced the funds for its purchase from the original 88.2 billion Vaughn at only 38 billion. The reason is the unreliability of the first series of copies, particularly of their powertrain. Therefore, the local defense minister announced that series production delays for one year, with the announcement that the 2014th
 production volume to be 100 tanks a year. Not very good reference for what was to become South Korea&#39;s major export success.
 