At the end of the first part of the articles on crimes in Pounje convey distressing confession Čauševića Jasmine, born 27th 8th 1978th in Prijedor. &#39;&#39;At the time of the attack, 22 May 1992. year, the village Hambarine Prijedor, where I lived, I had 13 years. At that time my mother and two brothers were on seasonal work in Germany, so that my father and I lived alone. Also, you were already severed all connections, so I lost all contact with his mother and brothers. After the Chetniks took our village, my father and I have fled to the neighboring village of Biscan, who, with three adjacent villages, rest for two months in the environment of the Chetniks. They accepted us, my husband and amidžična Vehid Duratović. Besides us, there were still my amidžinica and her son Sead. Within a month, all food stocks were exhausted, so there were days in which we are father and I shared a cucumber, and it was our only meal of the day.
 Also, during these two months we have been regularly shelled from all guerrilla positions around Prijedor. All the men out! 20th July of that year in 10 hours from the direction of the village Tukovi heard a big automatic weapons fire. We all gathered in the garage Vehid Duratović. With us was another, unknown to me, man. After some time around the house heard a big noise and gunfire. I heard someone shouted: &#39;All men, out! &quot; Out of fear, and I, along with other men, came out. There were a total of five. When I went outside, I saw a large number of armed soldiers, who were all around. We approached a young man and ordered us to run a hundred yards away, and contacting a certain Major. When we arrived, I turned and saw a soldier approached my father and shock rifle knocks him to the ground and takes off his watch with hands and taking his wallet, then ordered him to join us.
 Then we lined up a major row and started hitting him. While he has hit, he asked me:&#39;&#39;Where are the trenches, who was killed by Serbian soldiers?&#39;&#39;Then he moved on Vehid, pushed him in front of him and fired his rifle in the back of his head. He fell in front of us and left lying in a pool of blood spread. Then he turned to us and ordered us to run around the meadow to our left, while at the same time, other soldiers preparing to carry out executions. My father Sead and that, unknown to me, the man began running, while I, in excess of fear, stopped behind them and I immediately went, then I pushed the major and once again ordered me to run. As in the meadow grass was increased as soon as I ran to the beginning of the meadow, Allah willing, I was thrown into the grass and went to a snail. Shortly thereafter, started burst firing. By my estimation, I managed to otpužem some 20 meters. Around me were the bullets whistled, the country is sprinkled over me, and then I lost consciousness.
 After a while, I woke up, lying on his back. I noticed that about me came silence, a firing was heard from afar, which is why I concluded that the soldiers were already gone from that place and continued on with the cleaning. I raised my head and saw the shirt torn pieces of flesh and blood. I saw that I had a wound on his chest. Then I looked at his feet, and saw that I was on my left leg knocked complete femoral muscle. I tried to move my legs, but I could not because my bone was broken, my leg was just hanging on meat. Then I felt my blood go out of my mouth. Although I suffered terrible pain, I felt like we were the last moments of life, I thought to myself:&#39;&#39;Dear God, let me just say once again see the world around them.&#39;&#39;Then I corrected in a sitting position. I stayed in that position, waiting for any moment that I die. But, after waking up from the initial shock, I began to call out to his father and others, hoping that some of them survived.
 But nobody answered. First aid, however, at one point in the grass to raise my Amidžić Sead, who, I later learned, had a gunshot wound over the hip which was not damaged vital organs. Out of fear, he ran into nearby woods, ignoring my cries. After several hours, due to the stifling heat, as well as the loss of large amounts of blood, I felt complete dehydration. Sightseeing, I noticed a well near a house. With great difficulty, I managed to somehow take away ten meters on your hands, but still I could not. After some time, from the nearby forest appeared to several young men, who were hiding in the woods during cleaning, which are likely to observe that the shooting happened. One of them went on to čaršaf which prevukli me to the garage from which I derived. They left me on the floor and fled for their safety back into the forest. That night it came to me second thio Nedžad.
 He tried to give me any help, after which he fled into the woods. The next four days, neighbors are my children, sent by their soups, which I though I could not eat, except a spoon or two. During his stay in the garage, every two or three hours in the garage were attacked by armed Serbs from surrounding villages that the Bosniak houses were looted. Searched the car, fuel, etc. One of them approached me and asked what I do here. When I told him that I was wounded, sage and took blood money which my father gave before the shooting happened. Wiped the blood from him telling me: &#39;You will not need this anymore. &quot; On the fourth day, the Serbs killed Bosnians bought corpses. Then my aunt with a few women asked one of the drivers that I picked up and taken to the hospital because I was a child and lying there for four days. He said he would do so under the condition that he find a plaiting of brandy, which they did. The two men then threw me into a military truck that was covered in blood.
 When I reached the hospital, waiting for me outside the doctor and several nurses. There was still plenty of Serbian soldiers. When they heard that I am a Muslim, one of them came up and said:&#39;&#39;Let me that I killed, almost killed my friend in Jajce.&#39;&#39;Doctor to avoid saying:&#39;&#39;Let him go, it&#39;s just a kid. &#39;&#39;In the hospital they went to the processing of wounds that after four days were very sore and festering. They took the scalpel and scissors, and started to remove the meat that was sore, and the fact that we are not even given any painkillers. Once you have done, they took a large hand drill and, on the grounds that they have no electricity, we have pierced the bone under the knee drill to put a metal rod through which the later weights stretching across the bone to be returned to its place. Among the Serbian wounded in the Prijedor hospital, I lay for four days. As difficult case, I was transferred to a hospital in Banja Luka.
 On the surgical ward where I was lying almost all the patients were wounded Serbian soldiers, except in one room, where they are, as I learned later, the captured Muslim soldiers were wounded. How difficult is coming to the department, to enter into this room and beat them, so they are regularly heard screams from the same. Fearing that I might lose a life if you tell them that I&#39;m surviving witness to the shooting, I have others lied to me before the deal hit a piece of shrapnel from a shell, because the wounded Serbian soldiers came every day to visit a large number of fellow soldiers who were there sang along with the wounded Chetnik songs. Such an atmosphere lasted for two months, as I lay in the hospital. One day, out of sleep I was roused deep voice. When I opened my eyes and I saw a Serbian priest who was standing over me and Prskalo me water, uttering a prayer, of which I remained in shock for a long time.
 One of the hardest moments was when I said that I will adopt a Serbian family, they did not know what to do with me, because my father was killed, and the mother never had contact. After my leg was repaired in plaster I was transferred to hospital Paprikovac, which also contained a special section with prisoners, the wounded Muslim soldiers. Since then I have a little walking on crutches, I could see the torture and beating of regular soldiers. Their department was in the glass front of which there was a guard. Those wounded were so beaten up and &quot;trained&quot; to have the appearance of any person all together raised three fingers and sang Chetnik songs. Even when I passed by their departments to respond in this way. One morning I saw them under the Department of the dead man on the concrete, covered čaršafom. I heard they talked he tried to escape, in which I doubt, since it was impossible.
 After 15-odd days for me are the people from the Banja Luka &#39;Merhamet&#39; and drove me to the mosque Gazenferija, where they found people were released from the camp, and who were younger than 16 or older than 60 years. In the meantime I was informed that my mother found out that I&#39;m alive and I will probably soon be transferred to the first convoy to Zagreb, which is after the 10-odd days in the mosque happened. I picked up the jeep with the Red Cross with a few people from the mosque and the smaller convoy, we moved to Zagreb, where I was greeted by my aunt and I went with her to Germany for the mother and brothers. Today I live with my family in Sanski Most, a 60% permanent disability to the physical and psychological consequences. I decided that for the first time publicly express their story because I want to know for these crimes committed by the Chetniks were my neighbors. The bones of my father still not been found.&#39;&#39;Prepared by Ramiz Hodzic Source: Saff Add this article to your favorite online community Read comments [0 replies] There are no comments Comment Loginuj to answer
 