Eruption in Iceland were caused by the suspension of air traffic in Europe. After resting dvovekovnog Icelandic volcano Ejafjadlajoekudl (Eyjafjallajökull) began to eject lava and ash on Wednesday 14th April, which was canceled more than 17,000 flights across the continent. For security reasons, the first closed airports in northern Europe, a partial or complete closure of the airspace of Transportation was ordered Thursday to most European countries - from Britain, France, Germany, Polish and Serbia, whose territory the cloud reached on Saturday afternoon. Hundreds of thousands of passengers were &quot;detained&quot; at airports, and statesmen around the world canceled the weekly arrival of the funeral of Polish President Leh Kačinjskog. This natural phenomenon may not have caused so much attention and concern in the era before the Wright brothers. However, the European organization for air traffic safety Eurocontrol announced that it is the &quot;termination of air traffic in Europe&#39;s largest ever&quot;, while experts warned that the volcano ash could create difficulties in aviosaobraćaju the coming months.
 Chinese province Ćinghaj same day he hit a powerful earthquake in which more than 1,100 people were killed, while over 10,000 were injured. The most populous country in the world and still have fresh memories of the disastrous rasedanje ground in Sichuan province, where in 2008. The lives lost even 80,000 people. U.S. President Barack Obama hosted a summit on nuclear security 12th and 13 April in Washington. Talks between the leaders of 47 countries have not brought the answers to key security issues - the nuclear programs of Iran and North Korea (who were not on the agenda). However, Chinese President Hu Đintao after talks with Obama now looks a little more willing to cooperate on a new regime of sanctions against Iran. At the summit an agreement was reached on the provision of existing stocks of nuclear materials sufficient to produce 100 000 atomic bombs, the &quot;home worship&quot; in the form of a decrease in inventories of nuclear fuel or the willingness of individual countries to strengthen cooperation with the international atomic agency.
 In any case, the peace week &quot;nuclear diplomacy&quot; has made another step in building consensus for the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons. In Brazil, the second summit was held BRIC 15th April. Leaders of Brazil, Russia, India and China, which are the most powerful quartet of developing countries, discussed the reform of international financial institutions, especially the &quot;obsolete&quot; voting rights in the IMF and the World Bank and international security. The quartet last year put forward a request for a &quot;multipolar world&quot;, and demanding that their growing power to be recognized in an appropriate manner. Greece, the Euro-zone leaders 11th April approved a three-year loan of 30 billion euros in order to overcome the serious crisis and budget deficit of 12.5 percent. On the other hand, Portugal has been granted a four-year program of stabilization measures and savings, and it is necessary that the government in Lisbon to reduce the deficit from the current 9.3 percent of GDP at the prescribed three percent.
 Trade in the eurozone is stabilized, since the surplus recorded in February in a trade of 2.6 billion euros. Heats up campaign in the UK. In the Friday, the 16th April was held television confrontation of three leaders of leading British parties. This year&#39;s parliamentary elections will not only be a duel between the Conservatives and Labour, as they are &quot;eternally third&quot; liberal Democrats look stronger than ever. Their leader Nik Kleg has picked up a lot of sympathy on Friday evening, and his public mnenjea YouGov survey now provides a two percent more than Gordon Brown&#39;s Labour has fallen to 28 percent! Conservatives David Cameron now supports 35 percent of voters. Cuba has allowed the market principle in the work of barber and beauty salon after more than 40 years. Being retired civil actions in these activities, rather than a government salary of $ 20 entrepreneurs will be able to set the prices of services with the obligation to pay taxes.
 Does it advance the reforms and the gradual introduction of markets under Raul Castro? Oil is the world market reached a price of $ 87 a barrel, the highest in the last 18 months. International Energy Agency warned that a further rise in oil prices could slow economic recovery. At the same time, stock index Dow Jones prešišao is 11 000 points, while China has achieved economic growth of 11.9 percent compared to same period last year. Meanwhile, in Beijing were registered and the trade deficit on a monthly basis for the first time in six years (which is explained as a consequence of the higher price of consumer goods).
 