When they find out whether this Nadan Vidosevic watching movies in your pajamas, while waiting for recovery, and whether silk or more totally naturalan-type so we will really be a day filled with joy! For if anyone can tie up for movie stars, he is, is not it? Is, in effect! Economy you come as a film art-it&#39;s actually fun, but it is not? I do not know just how it occurred to me to read some information about Croatian economy, and imagine it? Or he imagined during the election for president, and now that no more chances to be president, watching movies? Excellent. For what could he do imagined, really. He said that Croatia has the same economic model for forty years, it is a model of distribution. But I have to write about. It is a model by which he was initially poor and rich over night, and look-up as a model has not changed? The model has always been inefficient, only that he was sonja in socialism, and capitalism-happy, is it? So become a noble gentleman, on his mother! Or is the model became better, he little thought, but only on eto happy, while the people unemployed? Well on watching movies on it informing us! Well, just a concern to us! Are these people in power and dominant positions kinky, really? They are so full of self-love that is beyond any serious understanding of them as human beings! It is impossible.
 I was ashamed how many of them no shame, really. I do not know what would happen should they resign? Is the employment related qualifications of people who do not fit the job description is not reason enough? Or buy a car when the faithful to save, and cover-up that not enough? These strangers with whom the story is not clear, really. And how will enable them to be? Ma is not even clear to most people here, just that people are accustomed to these constantly there, so I can? Months used to bark at, that&#39;s what! He said to me one person, the alien, that it was possible that someone &quot;sells&quot; the thesis of nekorumpiranosti when you have more assets in the material, but as he was receiving? That it is impracticable, in numbers. I then Salim, what will? For what I now need to explain this? I can only say that we live in a dictatorship, because if there is no law, or if someone arbitrarily interpret and apply the laws and if any changes to his match with no shame and responsibility, and if anyone usutkava rebels, anywhere, what is it? Nice movie, is it? And it&#39;s not always just or fair, but no matter, all the people, so it is good that the bar Nadan well.
 Thus does their PR. I fell in those who are &quot;financially conscious.&quot; This morning I remembered an article Viktor Ivancic called back Superhik, and has it on e-newspapers. You can also read here on the link, right. In this article Ivancic explains prosvijescenost material &quot;, according to Jutarnji list. The article is outstanding. Malogradanska &quot;prosvijescenost&quot; Nadan about wealth, poverty, and centuries-old aspirations of the people of the Croatian people is how the PR of our ruling politicians. This is PR Kosor by consistently implementing the Morning Gazette. Puts people in the &quot;aspirations&quot; and the people themselves seem inadequate. According to the material. Forget that politicians come to that. But it did not matter because the people to impose something from them-people-wrong when they were in a position to smooth! As soon as this has been achieved, there you these super bingo! The people are &quot;hooked&quot; and they can move on! This is how they get choices, especially in environments that are more &quot;nobles&quot; and fill material &quot;aspirations&quot; for the course What? Well, the poor.
 But I do not want to say, and then choose the ones that were brought to their state! Is this in Dalmatia, laid out as a stone! Widespread this is, as if those in power do not know? How do you know? Well, they came out of that mentality! Here, where the poorest regions-all! There is of course nothing wrong in poverty, only in the manipulation of it! PR Kosor, Nadan Vidosevic, Bandic, Zeljka Keruma (as it once was and Sanader) is also the same. Those who are led to the impoverishment of the people themselves as saviors. I thought playing on the closeness of the people. But still the material away. To the people they supposedly valued. Ie listening, mirroring and aspirations. Thus they gain election for two decades. Of course, by the way have created a &quot;red&quot; enemy and the enemy. And then, when that is so, but what people can let them! People who do not understand the politics and the diverse ideologies and economic policies, perform selection based on the &quot;identification&quot;.
 And rationally-based dogovjecnosti in the government and their perceived almighty power and irrationally-based on an alleged lack of others who would have been &quot;friends&quot; and not understanding that power is not almighty, because the economy long term can not &quot;hold out&quot; what they do. This reduces the prospects for the future, not just at the moment. Because the economy is on schedule and production, not the static and money. And the dynamics takes time! But this understanding has changed, with announcing these as it is called the &quot;scandal&quot;. Very much has changed. So now do seemingly strange thing, but it is deliberate-pr-filled media space with as many &quot;scandals&quot; in order to make their relativized, showed that all somehow involved, given the image of society as &quot;abnormal&quot; and &quot;immoral&quot; that there would be any of their responsibilities! And how would they again were &quot;lucky&quot; and not the main link of this &quot;pira&quot;! Pir is theirs.
 They created it for his own benefit. They are his link. They are for him politically and in other ways responsible. They enjoy it. And now, perversely. The people understood this thoroughly. Just because its &quot;machinery&quot; constantly working! E, such that no resources, missing love them! The people voted for President mint. Now where Bandic arrives and &quot;vengeance&quot;. Dropped his panache. Because he has power, does not it? All who do not want the garage as the Middle Ages? Material aspirations, whether you can hear them in that statement! And what he is actually the Middle Ages, because there somewhere has long understood many things related to urbanization, pollution, climate and nature, primarily the right! Right! Yes, but these are the elitists out there, do not and they do not want good people because they did not like people, apparently! Or are those who fight for the right to just &quot;dirty&quot;? Here again, these material aspirations! To anyone complained, always have, &quot;ace&quot; up his sleeve-or &quot;dirty&quot; or &quot;elitist&quot;, just not from the people! They think that all &quot;people (again) gild! E, as a cruciform scepter here! Bandic already is.
 Not well learned or economics, or psychology, or history, his little mouse! A few have, and how they think Big Brother always watching! Who is it? Here they prpe! According to psychology! This member nations Strikes Back! Do not paint? Oh sure! Someone will think what she talks to, and they have absolute power! People are thought to Sanader, is not it? They thought that Bandic will win the elections, is not it? Even some long-term politicians who were here all the time, but I can not understand the psychology of people in sight, so now that they Mucis would not understand, they are mislil? Why? He who correctly answers this question deserves to be the next Prime Minister Croatian! Why? So what will this country with such a flourish safely. Haj&#39;&#39;mo! Read Ivancica! Read about his Jutarnji list, and then to formulate a strategy based on that, politicians who want the good people! The strategy is formulated on their field-manipulation and deception-are they designed.
 There you will lose. So you have to learn to Josipovic! Although this is not even then many did not understand, and even today-looks. Cacic said that the Left no chance to become president! Even the Lesar on TV in the show on Sunday in two expressed doubts that it will still win Bandic! (Although it was more about voters&#39; motivations, but there should be such a negative-po! Delay because he had to &quot;be wrong.&quot;) No delay. No to be wrong, as security! Oh, there&#39;s no hiding behind ego, dear politicians? This is really for small children! So you&#39;re on the territory of the HDZ, and he will always pobijeduje so, his little mouse! They do not comprehend? Well, Lesar knows only he is independent and has no power. What about the other? For the Cacica then, if you supposedly Josipovic wins this will be why? Yes, it will be because the Cacic not stand because he knew that there was a possibility to win Josipovic, he would have been nominated? I thought it would win? Well, that as we will never know, so he can talk! A little bit tomorrow, my friend! Evaluation of these was a mistake! When you become president, if you wanted to be, then you&#39;ve lost! No one would Robin K.
 said &quot;picijanskog&quot; and selling mind! Wins only when he wins, his little mouse! And when it is positive! There is no other definition of victory! Who knows this? Josipovic. That is why he won, his little mouse! Bruno would say: Hello! Does anyone, really? Cacic would have been lost not because of this that is Bandic better-even as a man, not as a politician, but because I do not understand the basics of positive policies and positive psychology, so it was with him rolling in the mud! I nadrapusio! You need to really bypass the field of their own egos and interact with the people, the positive psychology of the people. You need to abstract the HDZ and your ego, so that they are unimportant, that would then really become a bit, at change! In order for it to happen! Therefore, you must be pro-active, small he thought! And everything should be done by a true positive, but taking into account the psychology! Who does not understand this, I do not understand anything in fact. Come on, think a bit, on all four sides of the head! Quick! Time is money! PS
 If you have not noticed, this is me bored! And most people! Hello!
 