After višesatnih talks with Condoleezza Rice, U.S. Secretary of State, Mikhail Saakashvili, Georgia&#39;s president, put his signature on the agreement on cease-fire in South Ossetia, which opened the way for a final resolution of the conflict in which the last few days killed several thousand people. Russian troops are required to immediately leave the territory of Georgia, announced Rice, while Saakashvili said that &quot;will not reconcile with occupation of even one single square kilometer&quot; of the country. Georgian president also said he expected the arrival of international peace contingent in his country. As the specifics Rice, from Alexander the Pillar, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Finland and chairman of the OSCE, they were able to reach the region for several days. Agreement with six points previously agreed to Moscow and Tbilisi Nicolas Sarkozy, French president, in his capacity as chairman of the EU. Saakashvili even this opportunity is missed to Russia falling asleep insults and accusations.
 He said that Russia is a country barbarians and accused for violation of the sovereignty of Georgia and the bombing of the Baku-Tbilisi-Džejhan. George Bush, U.S. president, has previously accused Russia of &quot;bullying and intimidating behavior&quot; of Georgia and said that the U.S. will &quot;reject&quot; the Georgian people had chosen freedom. Russia has announced that its forces in the Georgian military base near the town of Senaki seized American weapons. As spelled Anatoly Nogovitsyn, deputy commander of Russian military general staff, captured the 1728 pieces of weapons. General expressed his doubts about the nature of the shipment at the U.S. military transporter, which landed the day before in Georgia. In Abkhazia&#39;s deputy defense minister of unrecognized republic Anatoly Zaitsev said that the weapon that was rejected by the Georgian army after the suppression has &quot;sufficient for the conduct of two wars.&quot; Do not stop any roll call the warring parties for crimes committed in recent days.
 The International Court in The Hague announced that Georgia has demanded that Russia immediately ordered to cease, as claimed in Tbilisi, the violation of human rights Gruzina, accusing Moscow of ethnic cleansing. Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General, expressed concern over the humanitarian situation and lawlessness in parts of Georgia affected by conflict. In order to highlight the danger faced by humanitarian workers, Farhan Haq, UN spokesman, told reporters that people in unmarked fatigues seized two vehicles of the world organization in place of Gori. Russia has announced that the world organization spreading misinformation. Meanwhile, Human Rights Watch, a human rights organization, has accused Moscow that the attacks on civilian areas in Georgia used cluster bombs and claimed that one of them killed at least 11 civilians in the town of Gori and the village Ruis. The Russian Defense Ministry quickly denied it. Moscow says it has evidence of Georgian atrocities.
 Vladimir Kotenev, Russian Ambassador in Berlin, told the newspaper &quot;Bilt&quot; that Georgian troops&#39;&#39;were killed children and women, burned churches full of refugees and destroyed entire villages. &quot; The costs of the war every day of the war in South Ossetia, Russia has cost 2.5 billion rubles, told the Russian Center for Analysis of Strategies and Technology. Georgia, according to the same source, one day of combat operations cost 4.8 billion rubles, or about $ 200 million. According to the explanation of analysts, the Russian charges are purely military, but also include expenditures for humanitarian action, supply and evacuation of refugees and medical assistance Different views Medvedev and Merkel Germany considers that in determining the status of Abkhazia and South Ossetia must start from the principle of territorial integrity of Georgia, said Yesterday, Chancellor Angela Merkel after a meeting with Dmitry Medvedev, Russian President in Sochi. Head of the Kremlin, by contrast, stressed that the status of these republics to determine their nations, adding that Russia, as guarantor bezbdnosti the Caucasus, to guarantee this status.
 Merkel also expressed his opinion that Russia is a applied excessive force in South Ossetia, its military presence in the territory of Georgia, described as nepavilno and called for urgent implementation of a six-point plan, the withdrawal of Russian troops and the deployment of a number of international observers. In her words, the conflict in Georgia has not changed his attitude to NATO that Georgia should join in this organization.
 