The fate of Iraq is now in the hands of Iraqi leaders. The Iraqi Governing Council earlier in the session was dissolved and replaced by a new interim government of Iraq. Lakhdar Brahimi, Special Representative of the United Nations, was appointed first June Mashala Ghazi Ajil al-Yawera new interim president of Iraq. Mr. al-Yawer was born in the Shamar tribe, whose members and Sunni-Muslims and Muslims-Shiites, an engineer by education and returnees in Iraq after the fall of Saddam Hussein who was removed from power the coalition forces led by the United States. &quot;Iraqis are looking forward to a free, independent, democratic, united and federal Iraq is organized&quot; - said Mr. al-Yawer. Iraq will have two deputy prime function of a provisional Iraqi government be performed by Iyad Allawi, a former member of the Governing Council of Iraq and a prominent Shiite Muslim. President Bush stressed that the appointment of the provisional government of Iraq, a new step in achieving the dreams of the Iraqi people.
 Bush: It&#39;s a completely sovereign state with a representative government that protects their rights and serves their needs. Sovereignty will be the new interim government will be officially transferred 30th June. However, attacks that are happening now indicates that the freedom of Iraq, &quot;confront bullies who are not only trying to break the provisional government, but want to prevent any progress towards freedom,&quot; - said Mr. Bush added: &quot;Bush: We will stay with the people of Iraq fighting against the enemies of freedom and those who are rushing to me to democracy. Killers know that Iraq is central front war on terror. The return of tyranny to Iraq would encourage terrorists, led by new bombings, beheading of new and new killings of innocent people around the world. &quot;Emergence of a free Iraq governed by Iraqis terrorists will leave no strongholds, narrowed to discredit their ideology, and may need encouragement in this part of the reformists world.
 Free Iraq will be decisive blow to terrorism and victory of the civilized world &quot;- also said the U.S. president.
 