A smile on his face Slaven Bilic spoke more than words. Kvalifkacija draw for Euro 2012. his decision to remain coach of the Croatian football team has made a good move. Croatia in Warsaw won the group which undoubtedly emerging as the favorite. Objectively, the team owned by Slaven Bilic is a better team than Greece, Israel, Latvia, Georgia and Malta. However, the Croatian coach warned: Croatia has to prove their supremacy on the field! - We should not hide the fact that I am satisfied lot. Maybe I&#39;m a bit subjective, but the two previous draws in my menu mandate could not be pursued. Before they pulled our Aljoša ball and I have detected three groups that make us stand out. But the three that are heavier than this. This is&#39;&#39;somewhere in the middle&#39;&#39;- an estimated Bilic. Croatian coach does not flee from the fact that his favorite team the F group.
 - Apart from good draw for success is essential that all our players are healthy is adequate minutes on the clubs. But do not delude ourselves and others are satisfied with this group. There is no easy opponent. These are the qualifications for the Euro, not a tournament in Castle Kambelovac. - Nominally, we get a nasty group, because Greece was the first in the second jakosnoj group. Israel, however, the best in the third group jakosnoj, Latvia and the other in the fourth. But we should not complain, because it is the opponent that suits us. No nenogometnih connotation in our matches. Greeks offered a great opportunity to see the competition to win the first position and direct placement of the Euro. Not hide his optimism. Striker Angelos Charisteas was clenched fists celebrating blending Greek with the Croatian national team. - Understanding me is his reaction. Apart from Croatia, that the moment to draw even more options were open - Spain, England and Portugal.
 I do not see it as devaluing rather than as a realistic assessment. But I am satisfied with Greece, on 12 the FIFA ratings than the 17th Serbia. - It&#39;s not about fear. Simply, with a team of ex-Yugoslavia, every game has vansportsku dimension. Representatives of the professional staff of all representations F group agreed to gather the seventh at Athens. - It is the idea that we meet for 21st February, but personally I insisted that it be friendly after a third trial March I am indebted to people from the professional staff to make a 2-3 variants of each schedule of the games. Never the itinerary is not perfect, but it is all a compromise solution better than the solutions that we tailor the Cup schedule. We have 12 terms (played on Tuesdays and Fridays) for the ten qualifying matches. - The most important thing is to start winning in every dual program to combine a strong and a less demanding game.
 But we will not combine with Malta and Iceland to recall - a miracle. His departure for the World Cup Slaven Bilic led to the Warsaw draw. Greece has achieved placement on a worldwide review (in the group with Argentina, Nigeria and South Korea). - All enemies will follow, but as of today. I do not have any problem to sit on a plane and go to South Africa since there will be a Greek team. We will not be anything left to chance - he&#39;s Slaven Bilic. In the World Cup qualifiers Croatia team is preparing to two destinations - in Rovinj and Catez. Where will be the base of Croatian team in the upcoming cycle? - We have not talked about it. But by talking with the players I am convinced that they are the best feeling in Catez - said Bilic. For menu mandates Slaven Bilic all home games odigtrane Croatian team in Zagreb. Will it continue in the cult of Maksimir following qualifications? - This is an issue that depends not only on me.
 Of course you do not have all matches played at Maksimir stadium, but neither Staff nor the players do not hide that there is the best feeling - said Bilic. Mladen Barisa Estonia and Lithuania a good opponent in the period until the start of qualifying for Euro 2012. HNS has arranged two friendly matches - 3 at Brussels with Belgium and 19 May Austria in Klagenfurt. Slovakia has not yet confirmed the occurrence of a potential date - 25 or 26 May and is free and 22nd term or 23 May. - We have a lot of questions, but we&#39;d like to play against teams that are way close to our qualifying games rivals. For example, Latvia could&#39;&#39;fake&#39;&#39;Estonia and Lithuania
 