Hunza Valley is an isolated part of northern Pakistan near the border with China. Lookout over the valley peaks above 6000 meters and rearing the mountain eagles. This way they were passing travelers and adventurers, a few years before the publication of his novel Lost Horizon 1933rd There he stayed and writer James Hilton. In his novel Hilton mentions &quot;Shangri-la&quot;, a place that corresponds to the heaven on earth, isolated from outside influences. People live for centuries in an endless happiness. Hilton, however, did not describe where to place there, although many people assume it&#39;s just today&#39;s Hunza in Pakistan. Hunza is one of the most exotic places in Pakistan. Incised valley between high peaks of the eastern edge of the Himalayas exudes warmth and serenity. Hundred kilometers from the capital city of Northern Province, only the center of Gilgit Hunza, Karimabad village. Situated on the slopes of a mountain village with its terraced fields and channels of melted glacier looks like a little paradise.
 This can be added and numerous views of the surrounding peaks of which the most impressive view of the top Rakaposhi. Stately 7788 meter snow-bound top of the government in this area. &quot;In one day you can have all four seasons. Rakaposhi be surrounded by the clear, blue sky, and only about half an hour later it will pierce the thunder. We say in Hunza to play the gods. &quot;Recounts an employee of tourism Shaliman. In the village there are many stone houses hidden among the fields and tall poplars. Therefore settlement is dominated by a fortress Baltit where the same family ruled 960 years! &quot;The elderly still remember our peace,&quot; says Shaliman. Peace is the title of the ruler who ruled in the Hunza until 1974. when it abolished feudalism, the kingdom annexed the Republic of Pakistan. The last ruler was Mir Muhammad Jamal Khan, who reigned since 1912. Hunza kingdom for centuries has been in conflict with the southern neighbor, the Kingdom of Nagar.
 Although uncommon in our terms, because there are two areas of the kingdom were several Croatian municipalities, they indeed led a bloody conflict. Everything then began a long time ago while both kingdoms was one. Ruler Mayroo Khan had two sons named Moghlot and Girkis. Since childhood, both his brother expressed great hostility to each other and the father decided on a radical move: the kingdom was divided into two parts. Girkisu gave part of the river north of Hunza, a Moghlotu part south of the River. Norton became the Kingdom of Hunza, Nagar and South Kingdom. Hostilities were interrupted each other&#39;s marriages, two families, but nobody managed to unite as it did in 1891 a common enemy. These were the British who were colonizing the Indian subcontinent came all the way up north. In British India were the two kingdoms remained semi-autonomous status that would finally, in 1974.
 area annexed by the Republic of Pakistan. Since then, the era of feudalism, the kingdom and live only in the memories of a proud people. Mir Ghazanfar Ali Khan, son of the last ruler of Hunza is now an official in the administration of Northern Province, chairman of the village court and one of the main negotiator with India on Kashmir issue. The fort in which he ruled his family has been converted into a museum. Instead of fortresses built by Mir Darbar Hotel, which looks like a new fortress. In the lobby of the exhibition space with framed photographs of Peace and celebrities. So here is open to King Hussein of Jordan, Mrs. Clinton, Queen Elizabeth, Marshal Tito, the Duke of Edinburgh. Possible that the famous family has ruled the kingdom which the writer Hilton called &quot;Shangri-La&quot; but times have changed and isolation has become the past. Today the village there are TV receivers, telephone lines and internet.
 Only 30-odd years since the abolition of feudalism valley is changing rapidly with speed. &quot;The changes are for the village began after the construction of Karakorum road,&quot; recalls Shaliman. &quot;Although I was a child I remember the excitement and turmoil that this road has brought to the village. It was for centuries an isolated regions connected to the rest of the world. &quot; Karakorum road was completed in the efforts of Chinese and Pakistani governments 1986th After 20 years of construction. &quot;Before the road people have grown grains and vegetables and it skladištili for the winter. Most are dependent on krumipru and dried meat. There was no other way to survive the cold months. &quot;Shaliman said.&quot; After completion of Road residents began to import wheat from the south and thus became dependent on trade. In 1982. running the farm program that encouraged farming for money. People are said to grow fruit rather than grains because it is lucrative said. Many residents resisted the innovation, but they finally caved in and turned to the future.
 In less than a decade of growing crops has been reduced to a minimum. &quot;Shaliman speaks with longing. In addition to these innovations the road was brought tourism in the valley of Hunza more blooms. This place is most visited by tourists looking for adventure in the form of climbing or trek. For visitors to create many private hotels and guesthouses which is often a room in a family home. &quot;I am your guest house opened five years ago and each season, more and more visitors. They began to discover this paradise, &quot;recounts Shaliman who started the business on. &quot;I know that the arrival of the valley road that many people are lost, but also provide new opportunities and options for a better life&quot; will Shaliman optimistic. What is the attendance in recent years witnessed a flag in Ghulamovu restaurant. Here is more than 20 flags from around the world. &quot;People come here and find it difficult to leave because they find wonderful and hospitable people,&quot; said Ghulam while pouring a cup of tea for the guest.
 If people from the north of Pakistan really different from the rest of the country testify to their views on former President Pervez Musharraf who was in August 2008. resigned to, for myself, very unfavorable circumstances. Most of the inhabitants of Pakistan condemns him as a tyrant who started the hunt for terrorists, and therefore killed many innocent people. On the other hand the inhabitants of Hunza on Musharraf have a very high opinion. &quot;So I think that was good. Solid hand what we in Pakistan and will be, &quot;says Arsla, a resident of Hunza and student of business administration in Islamabad. &quot;They were afraid it is people who are associated with terrorism, we here have no reason for it. We are Muslims but we are different. &quot;Mosque in Hunza are very similar to those in the rest of the country but something was different. People feel much freer and more open approach to new things. Shaliman example, says it is not religious, I do not go to party candidates or leaders. Something like that from the mouth of the Muslims is very difficult to hear.
 The reason for his thinking lies in the branch of Islam called the Ismaili. The spiritual leader Aga Khan IV the 49th Imam Ismaili Muslims and currently lives in France, although a native of Pakistan. He is trying to introduce their work pluralistic values in society, improve the status of women and reduce poverty. &quot;And our spiritual leader said to be adapted to time and to follow trends,&quot; said Shaliman. Thanks to the Aga Khan Ismaili Muslims are more open and a supposedly softer than their fellow citizens. But remove the photo camera and trying to photograph his wife the story and the man will ask you where you got permission? This one still faces opposition. &quot;No problem you can go into the gardens and take one apple will not blame you. You in the garden and sleep but women do not take pictures, could you hit someone, &quot;explains Shaliman. After only 30-odd years since the abolition of feudalism, Hunza Valley has the highest literacy rate in Pakistan, nearly 100 percent.
 &quot;Almost every child attends a new generation of high school, while many of them moving to study in the major cities of Pakistan&quot; stories Arsla I am a student. The streets of Karimabad daily poured childrens laughter as proof that people here will remain here and intend to start a life. Schools teach Urdu and English the official language while nurture and local languages. Residents of Hunza in fact talking about the three mutually distinct languages. In the lower Hunza speaks Shina, the central part of the story Burushaski while the local language of the upper Hunza Wakhi. These three languages are on the road in the direction of only 100 kilometers. In the past, residents of neighboring villages could not agree! Because kultorološkog riches this place is a paradise for linguists who study the culture woven into words. The inhabitants of Hunza are extremely good condition. Even in old age are running around the stone paths of the children. Their shoulders are upright, and their teeth are healthy and straight.
 At the top of a mountain meadow Ultar stone cottages. Inside the hut ten o&#39;clock the elderly drinking salted tea and eating hard bread. They say it will remain here through the summer and up to three months. It is hard to imagine that the elderly survive on salt tea and bread and with it the whole day with his flock walking mountain slopes. The secret of longevity will remain hidden, but an old legend says that this phenomenon is observed and Alexander the Macedonian in his journey to India. It is used as the inhabitants of Hunza mountain troops, but eventually fell in love with &quot;Shangri-la&quot; - a paradise on earth. The inhabitants of Hunza are proud of their uniqueness within the mosaic of Pakistan and should not be fighting for their survival since they will survive no matter what. &quot;Shangri-la&quot; Today is the education of their children, construction of facilities of public facilities, contact with the outside world. Although times have changed in the Hunza will always remain fresh mountain air and the tops of the masters of the hidden valley.
 Who am I? Even during high school and I was fascinated by the study of distant horizons and ready to be discovered and visit. Only at the close direction of History at the University of Zagreb, extending your legs and move in the WORLD, inevitably I would say. So far I have written hundreds of articles and hundreds of photographs published in various magazines and newspapers. I recorded half-hour travelogue of 6 parts &quot;Road to Kathmandu&quot; which follows the journey from the Croatian mainland to Nepal for a period of 6 months. Yes, I traveled alone! I recorded many video showcase published on various television stations. Also I have a friend down on a small rubber boat from Zagreb to the Black Sea. It lasted two months. Otherwise, I have traveled halfway around the world, and the other half is still waiting to discover. They are planning to travel writing for the Series prominent TV station and a book whose title you know when the time comes for it. If you&#39;re at all free to join me on one of the many lectures and video projection.
 Cheers and good luck. Hrvoje Ivancic
 