broadcast time 10:00 to 11:00 a.m. Guangzhou City is the administrative center of South China&#39;s Guandong provinces. Specific local natural beauty which owes subtropical climate, historic sites and cultural heritage, as an entertainment activity, developed trade and tourism, annually attracting a large number of domestic and foreign tourists. [Comments] Chinese rhythm&gt;&gt;&gt; Chinese rhythm broadcast schedule Guangzhou also really called the &quot;city of rams&quot; or &quot;city of five rams,&quot; There is a legend about the name of the city, in the Zhou Dynasty, Guangzhou for many years suffered an accident, people really he lives, until one day the city is covered in a cloud which was five boženstva who rode five rams with rice bags. They are from heaven to the people spilled grains, and prayed that here is no more hunger and unhappiness. After the departure of the deities, five rams remained because they really liked this town and they wanted to monitor the nice weather for a good harvest.
 Local people have built a &quot;temple of five deities&quot; in memory of their deeds. In Guangzhou there is a famous sculpture of five rams in Yuexiu Park, and I have heard that the design of the mascot of Asian Games 2010. In Guangzhou is also inspired by the legend of the rams. Mr. Chih Han was born I grew up in this city. Speaking of the local tourist attractions, proudly pointed out that in Guangzhou there are 8 famous attractions: 8 attractions of Guangzhou is famous both at home and in the world. The people of this city very much like their native land and its natural beauty and during the millennium of history are constantly constructing it enhance the lot of tourist attractions that made the city more enjoyable. On weekends or in any other free time, residents Guanzhoua love with family members or friends to come to this mountain in local and enjoy nature and fresh air. Guangzhou is One of the modern cities of China with a developed secondary and tertiary industry.
 There is held every year in spring and autumn fair of goods for export to which a great number of domestic and foreign businessmen. Of course, many Croatian and Balkan countries. In recent years, travel agencies of this city have launched a number of new tourism theme, such as ecological tourism, visits to exhibitions, visits to industrial enterprises and rural households, recreation, and another in kindergarten. Of course in Guangzhou are especially delicious local specialties, there is not much to look for, on both sides of almost every old streets have small restaurants where they sell a typical Cantonese specialties, they are very tasty and different than other parts of China. Related news:-We take you to visit Shanghai - show-20100324 Top 8 most attractive cities in China - II-Top 8 most attractive cities in China - I-A new Bund in Shanghai
 