German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble is today (04/26/2010) met with the presidents of the clubs of deputies in the German parliament to discuss how to help Greece. German share in a package of 30 billion euros, &quot;European emergency&quot; in the form of loans for Greece should amount to 8.4 billion euros. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Guido Westerwelle at a meeting of EU foreign ministers in LuxembourguNjemački Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle before the start of the meeting with counterparts from the EU in Luxembourg, warned of the dangers that brought hastily financial assistance to Greece. Westerwelle reiterated that there is a possibility of rejection of the German aid package if Greece does not meet the necessary requirements, including a consolidation of the budget. President of the Caucus of the Union CDU / CSU Volker Kauder was a guest on the show the first program of German television, said: &quot;We said that we will help in case of stability of the euro.
 Currently such a situation. However, you must first specifically to examine the extent to which Greece contributed to the austerity measures. Greeks are told that they must first fulfill their homework, because without that problem will be solved. We need help, but conditions are not met. &quot; SPD: &quot;Assistance to Greece in the interest of Germany&quot; President largest opposition party SPD Sigmar Gabriel believes that Germany has no choice but to be helpful. &quot;Of course the Germans have to help to stabilize the euro area. Because we live than the fact that our products are sold in Europe. A large part of our workforce depends on it. We will not agree on what, if Mrs. Merkel continues to play his game and not put the cards on the table. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Merkel for help, but on condition that Greece fulfilled certain conditions Social Democratic Party after the meeting of the party presidency announced that the government must state specific data on costs and should participate in helping the European and German banks.
 And Greece has homework Chancellor Merkel has so far expressed willingness to help, but also stressed that Greece must meet certain conditions. &quot;We said that our support is associated with certain conditions. In the case of Greece it means to be a convincing package of savings must be discussed between Greece, the European Commission and the International Monetary Fund. If certain conditions are met, then we can talk about concrete help. &quot; Greek Prime Minister Giorgos Papandreou urged on Friday the activation of a common plan of the eurozone countries and the International Monetary Fund for financial rescue his country from the severe crisis. Author: Mehmed Smajić Responsible editor: Marina Martin
 