Dutch politician Geert Wilders, leader of the extreme-rightist Freedom Party (PVV), held in fear for years, and the Netherlands and the European Union. In the Netherlands it is, thankfully, just tried for verbal humiliation of Islam, which is good, no matter how good that both of its 24 delegates depending whether they would be able to operate the new Dutch coalition government of Liberals and Democrats. Until the trial came after strong pressure anti-racism movement in the Netherlands, which is on the internet portals set hundredth Wildersovih statement which has for years encouraged xenophobia and discrimination in this country once najtolerantijoj Western Europe. In the case of a convicted Wilders could odsjedjeti ćuzi in at least a year, making it less likely, or, perhaps, platitii appropriate fine. It is important that all would be convicted. Wilders, of course, do not hear wrong, and goes to the counter attack and stated that the judges were &quot;outrageous bias&quot;.
 He said also that it will not retreat a single spoken word, but it is not, apparently, all that said, it is believed. But, he said, and just want to show the rest of this story about the &quot;Dutch Seselj&quot;. After all, his ambitions are big, wants to infect the &quot;hate speech&quot; and &quot;great neighbors,&quot; such as Germany. Visiting recently in Berlin, a German official accused the government succumbed to the Islamization and allowed Islam to be in this country feel like home, which is largely, and thankfully and accurately. The Germans replied to the protests on Berlin&#39;s streets and through its officials. For example, on the occasion of the unification, 03 October, he responded indirectly to the President of the German Christian Wulf, a moderate politician, democratic-Christian background, preciziravši: &quot;Muslims are no longer second class citizens&quot; and &quot;Islam is a part of Germany.&quot; Not everything, of course, not ideal in Germany in the relations between the newcomers with Islamic cultural background and the &quot;natives&quot;, but it is not so black as it often shows in Germany and our media, or how it would like to see the Wilders and his brotherhood.
 This was, we are sure, greatly contributed to the German forum called the Islamic Conference, but it is a separate issue ... As one of my recent articles as a correspondent in Western Europe for more Balkan sheets was a series of articles about Geert Wilders, which will be free here recall, rather use their parts, so I outlined all the obscurity of the Dutch politicians and the same kind of his &quot;mission of hate.&quot; The article, signed on 21 January 2008. year, which I titled &quot;Is the Koran the inspiration for intolerance, murder and terrorism?&quot; I dealt with it then just announced pazadinama petnaestominutnog Wilders film &quot;Fitna&quot; from whom are already in the announcement rocked the country by then uzorita Netherlands. Due to the Wilders film summoned the two and a half years, namely, the Dutch government crisis meeting, was introduced, even, and some sort of alert or emergency.
 A former Dutch Prime Minister Jan-Peter Balkenende has publicly admitted that the Netherlands feared &quot;for public order, security and the consequences for the Dutch economy &#39;... Of course, it is simplest to ban this film offensive to the followers of Islam, but freedom of thought in Western countries the concept of expandable , ideal for misuse. So indeed it is the publication of caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed in Danish newspaper &quot;Jyllands Posten&quot; somewhat earlier, in which must immediately be said that the caricatures Kurt Westergaard art playing with Islamic taboos, while Wilders speech about Islam and was never more than a &quot;hate speech &quot;. Dutch public television, otherwise, refused to broadcast Wilders announced film, but the evil seed had been sown, the damage was already committed. Wilders has already announced that he would be in his film to tear up the Qur&#39;an, because it was &quot;an inspiration for intolerance, murder and terror.&quot;
 Just one year earlier Geert Wilders in a public discussion, said that &quot;the Koran a fascist book that calls for violence,&quot; as similar to the book &quot;Mein Kampf&quot; by Adolf Hitler, and should be equally treated as such. Now just deny that statement, because he would and could &quot;get head&quot;. He has this incredibly rough comparison varied in recent years, several times, adding the explicit statement that &quot;the Islamisation of the Netherlands like the tsunami.&quot; It should acknowledge the fact that he was just such a statement provided additional besprizornim popularity in parts of Dutch society, but also caused waves of protests and antirasističkih are vrhunili current trial in Amsterdam. After all, should know that among the 16.3 million lives and 850 000 Dutch-Muslim immigrants, mainly from the Maghreb countries and Turkey ... And I, among others, wrote that the &quot;leader&quot; Geert Wilders his followers only see what they have followers began brutally murdered director Theo van Gogh and politician Pim Fortuyn desnokstremistički, both notions of justice victim of fanatical Islamists.
 I wrote also to the few who immediately realized the magnitude of the risks that fascistic phenomena called Wilders and Dutch šešeljizacija &quot;carries. Just remind you, Theo van Gogh was stabbed in the chest on the streets of Amsterdam, in broad daylight, by a young Moroccan, because that is what made the film &quot;Submission&quot; by the scenario of Islamic critic Ayaan Hirsi Ali, in which it was said about abuse of women in the Islamic world, while verses from the Quran were written on a bare female flesh. The van Gogh&#39;s film, however, has been the almost innocent compared with what was prepared by Geert Wilders through their appearances and staged film &quot;Fitna&quot;. Today may be stated with regret that the Dutch society - after spomenenutih Wilders murder and abuse of these tragedies - it became netolerantnije, even nesimpatičnije in the eyes of those who had until yesterday taken as a paradigm of multi-ethnic tolerance.
 Since then, in fact, in Western Europe and does not speak with more respect multi-ethnicity, because it is supposedly produced by &quot;parallel society&quot;. He speaks rather of inter-cult model that would include interweaving and suppress multi-cult concept. Basically it is, however, the force or subjecting immigrants immigration rules and the dominance of the so-called societies. leading or dominant culture ... The text signed on 28 March 2008. in Berlin, I wrote that the world had visited the news that the 15-minute controversial film about Islam and the Qur&#39;an entitled &quot;Fitna&quot; posted on the Website &quot;Live Leak&quot;, based in the UK, the Netherlands and the English version. The eerie and tendentious film &quot;Fitna&quot; - copied what I wrote then - made a combustible mix of scenes of attacks radikalniih Islamists murder of Dutch director Theo van Gogh, who was zezanje with the Islamic holy place in the short film &quot;Submission&quot; cost him his head (he is, otherwise, fooled around with Christian and Jewish holy place), hear and see the radical Islamist preachers preaching death to Jews who require, you can see one little girl who called Jews pigs and monkeys, hear the voices of the victims of attacks by &quot;11:09&quot;, shortly before his death , see the corpses and beheading victim somewhere in Iraq.
 In the film &quot;Fitna&quot; is used and one of 12 cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad, first published in Danish newspaper &quot;Jyllands Posten&quot;, and just one with a turban shaped bomb on his head Muhamedovoj, against which he has already protested to the Danish cartoonist Westergaard, saying that Wilders abused his work. Intentionally made the pictures are accompanied by explicit instructions to the cause of all evil in this world is in the Koran, which Wilders over the past months have repeatedly called it a &quot;fascist book&quot; and likened to &quot;Mein Kampf&quot;. The message of the film &quot;Fitna&quot; is, therefore, was direct and terrible, Wilders has directly urged viewers to not respect Islam as a religion, because Islam is allegedly not adhered to them, considering that &quot;this religion wants to rule and destroy Western civilization.&quot; The Wilders film is explicitly said, &quot;Godine 1945. In Europe, defeated National Socialism, 1989. In Europe, defeated communism, now has to be conquered by Islamic ideology. &quot;
 The film ends by literally calling - &quot;Stop Islamisation, Defend our freedom&quot;! In connection with the broadcast of the film &quot;Fitna&quot; Geert Wilders has repeatedly stating that this film is &quot;a final warning the West&quot; before the Islamic threat, and that in fact &quot;working on whether our children will inherit the freedom or the freedom to drown in our multicultural morass &quot;? In the large text &quot;evil seed has been sown,&quot; equipped with the signature of the 1st Berlin April 2008. year, I tried to speak more fully about Wilders film &quot;Fitna&quot; (a word in Arabic, according to Duden, means &quot;disagreement&quot; and &quot;debate&quot;). I explicitly said that the film is full of evil and terrible picture messages, and that is why these images and messages may be those 15 minutes do hate someone, and eternity. When you are honest about everything and think peace, equal to an objective observer could be hateful and maniacs who define the film (the Islamist &quot;preachers of hate&quot;, some of them and praise Hitler, murderer of &quot;11:09&quot;, assassins from Madrid, executors deaths in Iraq Afghanistan) and they like Wilders who are behind this film ... Wilders film, otherwise, could have on the British portal www.liveleak.com watch just one day, so the broadcast was canceled because of threats of mass.
 Shortly after the controversial film &quot;Fitna&quot; was &quot;back online&quot;, a responsible from this site have said that they decided to take this step after the improved measures to protect their staff. &quot;We can not give put under pressure to censor material that is legal and meets our policies,&quot; they wrote in a press release on their &quot;information&quot;. Why &quot;Live Leak&quot; decided to reset the controversial film in its own portal and is in fact much more important, he was without it at other sites, meanwhile, watched by millions of people? After all, when something once on the Internet, it has lived its life, like it or not. But even after this second set, the question remains why the &quot;LiveLeak.com&quot; was not asked previously as to the showing of this film have refused all European and American television, as well as all serious internet portals? How is it that the abuse of caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed with a turban-shaped bomb, which is manipulated and at the beginning and end of the film &quot;Fitna&quot;, immediately distanced themselves, and the author Kurt Westergaard and the Danish newspaper Jyllandsposten, which was first published ? Wilders 15-minute film is, therefore, continued to live their lives and fulfill their sinister mission, whose fruits &quot;brief&quot; Today the entire Western European democracies.
 So I could then predict, so I said it was &quot;planted the seed of evil, the consequences are yet to be heard.&quot; Anyway, I will remind here that the tendentious threat to freedom of opinion and religious and other freedoms these days, so to speak promptly revealed the number of responsible people in the West and the Islamic world. After all, not &quot;Islamist maniacs&quot; only interprets the Islamic holy book, in the Islamic world must also be religious scholars in the West as a liberal Catholic theologian Hans Kueng, and which expressly states that Islam does not give up so easily reduced to the violence, at least hand no more than other religions. Undoubtedly, the most pernicious Wildersvom film was and still bezizuzetno equating the Koran and violence. How, though, the story testifies to the complex and the study entitled &quot;Painful Verses&quot; a group of authors from all three major monotheistic religions, represented at that time in Brussels, where the critical discussion of the problematic places in the Qur&#39;an and the Torah and the Bible.
 They have the run of this truth does not lead to anything, of course. And while the story is really about the cartoons associated with the issue of freedom of expression, this is the jeftiniim Wilders anti-Islamic film is quite another thing, I wrote then. Fortunately, this time to Europe and the world, and Islamic politicians, but also European, Dutch Muslims without delay and prompt calls for calm, the sense, patience said the elderly people in Bosnia. &quot;The film says more about Wilders than the Quran,&quot; said the wise and prudent, and Maurits Berger, professor with the Dutch Leiden University. In this article I said also that the Geert Wilders film &quot;Fitna&quot; intentionally designed to intimidate people. In this function, and the numbers are centered in the film, ranging from 54 Muslims in the Netherlands in 1909. and 944 000 in 2004. year, and similar numbers increase across S. Europe, where he lives now between 15 and 20 million Muslims. I will remind you of the current rise and at a precise and extremely valuable study of the World Economic Forum (World Economic Forum), that just about the relationship between Islam and the Western world that is with us more or less ignored.
 As coordinator of the study signed the John DeGioia, president of Georgetown University in Washington and among its authors are Lolowah princess, daughter of former Saudi King Faisal, Israeli Foreign Minister Livni and Zipi Norwegian Prince Haakon. Survey of the research conducted the famous Gallup, who was questioned and Muslims and non-Muslims about the mutual relations even twenty one country in the world. An important analysis of how newspapers, magazines and television report on the culture of &quot;the others&quot; did the Swiss institute Media Tenor. &quot; The main finding of the study is worrisome, even if they knew beforehand. Gaps between Islam and the West are increasingly deeper, says the study, Klaus Schwab, founder and president of the World Economic Forum, and optimism is relatively small. In a complicated scale of 1 to 100, the average value of optimistic respondents in the countries is only 37th Only in two countries, most respondents thought that there was progress in relations between Islam and the West, and just in Pakistan and Bangladesh.
 The exact number of studies to the left, in fact, fear. And fear is the most unexpected result of the WEF study, fear of touching each other two and so close to faith. Abrahamic cultures, in order to nicely said Dr Hans Kueng. It is shocking, actually, that a convincing majority of respondents in all European countries feel threatened &quot;enhanced interaction between the West and the Islamic world&quot;, such is even, 79% in Denmark, 68% in Spain, and by 67% in Italy and the Netherlands. The assumption, however, that it must be like to feel the Israelis and the Americans proved to be wrong. About 70% of Americans and 56% of Israelis feel good interaction. Unlike those two, and most of those surveyed in Egypt, the Palestinian territories, Turkey and Iran is just as fearful as well as Europeans. But whence come all the fears of the &quot;culture of touch&quot; and just the Europeans, asking the authors of the WEF study, and suggest that the roots, and that &quot;growing fear&quot; had to look for in a sense &quot;threat of European cultural identity&quot;, and to due to increased immigration from Islamic countries really.
 But this is not the end of this rošomonske stories, and Muslims are increasingly complain that the West do not respect the Islamic world. So think a convincing majority in Palestine (84%) and Egypt (80%), and their slightly less in Iran. But what about the respect of Muslims towards the West. They, with the exception of the Turks, are considered to respect the Western world, while Westerners do not share this impression. 82% of Americans, as well as large European majority, but 73% of Israelis feel nepoštovanim by Muslims. The explanation of these proutječnih understanding each other down in the WEF study, the dramatic lowering of the reputation of American foreign policy in recent years, as well as all the more pronounced rejection of the canon of Western values in the Islamic world. To illustrate, 71% of Saudis linked the word &quot;reckless&quot; with the United States, and only 3% of the French, says the WEF study. The main blame for this poor mutual understanding of each other bear the brokers play, then press.
 One of the central insights WEF study reads: &quot;The media in Islamic countries reporting negatively on individuals and groups belonging to Christianity, Judaism or non-Islamic countries, and this is true, unfortunately, and vice versa, even if to a lesser extent. The greatest differences in reporting in these two parts of the world to see the articles on political organizations such as the Lebanese Hisbollah, and figures such as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and former British Prime Minister Tony Blair. While, for example, in the Islamic world&#39;s only 6% of negative reports about the Hisbollah, the Western media were 22% in the Iranian media, the Iranian president rises to the heavens, and in the western it is diabolical, the &quot;if Blair&quot; is, however, interesting to to know about him to agree to a unilateral Iranian and British newspapers. In any case, Blair&#39;s image is worse than Osama bin Laden, the index of the WEF study. Most comprehensive in the WEF study, said the then U.S. President Bush, where we can see that the Western media tried to be neutral, but they slipped to 11.9% negative statements, whereas in the media of Islamic countries, 27% of negative articles about Bush.
 Otherwise, the WEF study testifies to the Bush najumjerenije reported except in the U.S. right in the heart of the Islamic world, in Saudi Arabia. Is full of such curiosities of this study. Its authors themselves conclude that the relations between Islam and the West are full of contradictions, which oneomogućuju prognosticiranje precisely how these contradictions reflected in the future life together Muslims and non-Muslims ... I am pleased, Dear Readers DEPO portal, which two years ago and I half years and about the film &quot;Fitna&quot; wrote that in the case of de facto Wilders talking about &quot;neo-Nazi fanatic, similar to what is one of the Balkans, now in prison in Schevenigenu, Wilders neighbors, so to speak. He&#39;s fine, I reasoned, the political establishment in the Netherlands post festum paušaliziranje condemning Islam and the Koran, but the damage was, in fact, it does not have the guts to take against the Dutch Seselj &quot;legal action in a legal state.
 Because, under the pretext that it was a &quot;transgression against freedom of thought&quot; and not what it seems to be in a legal state must do. The argument for such a thing could be that in the film &quot;Fitna&quot; to be a zlorabljivanju freedom of thought, de facto undermine the beauty of living in the 16-over one million Dutch society, which must have space for its one million Muslims. And it is addictive and undermine (the) life elsewhere, and if something is not the time undertook the Balkan and Dutch &quot;Seselj&quot;! Just like those &quot;preachers of hate&quot; in the Islamic world, which was not invented by Geert Wilders, unfortunately, and those in the west, which is not even mentioned, because it is itself one of them. It is precisely from this fact must not hide heads in the sand, especially when the &quot;preachers of hate&quot; just multiplied in the region of former Yugoslavia, and are often decorated with high secular and / or religious titles. Worst of all, though, it is to summon their speech and habits, and they also deserve to be called.
 Wilders film could encourage thinking in this direction, however it was not his intention. Well, I have nothing to add to this even today ... Mostar, 05 October 2010. The
 