President Barack Obama believes that the return of GM on the New York Stock Exchange confirms the correctness of the government&#39;s decision to try to save the company and said: &quot;Even more. American tax payers will now be returned more money than my administration inevestirala in GM. And it is very good. &quot;Stock brokers are monitored with care what happens to the shares of GM, General Motors Company, not so long ago the world&#39;s largest automaker, returned from the edge of collapse. It is not now so strong as it once was, but it is strong enough that the New York Stock Exchange offer to sell shares in values, from 400 million dollars. The initial, initial public offering came two years after exiting bankruptcy proceedings, the process by which companies in the United States seeking to gain time to restructure and delay payment of claims dopjelih to better days. Of course, it happens that the bankruptcy process to end the failure of the company.
 In the case of General Motors, or GM, as the company commonly referred to, it did not happen and yesterday&#39;s offering of shares was the largest IPO in the history of stock market transactions. Powerful sound engine hum, instead of the usual daily advertising the opening bell on the stock exchange, yesterday marked the official return of General Motors at New York&#39;s Wall Street. Stock analyst George Magliano evaluate it as a remarkable turnaround for a company that is almost potunula ago only 16 months and adds: &quot;The administrative and manufacturing philosophy is promijenjenja for a year, a complete and better.&quot; The changes were possible thanks to 50 billion dollars strong finasijskoj injection U.S. government, narrowing the product range and reducing the number of workers. Compact GM this year have already generated revenue of $ 4,000,000,000. Analyst Scott Painter believes that the high demand for shares of General Motors on the first day of a reliable sign of a definite recovery of the U.S. auto industry.
 As the GM is concerned, Mr. Painter said: &quot;The potential of the new General Motors is really strong. Demand for big, powerful trucks is high, which is especially convenient for GM in the present conditions of stable fuel prices. &quot;Selling shares, and it is expected that the total amount of shares for sale to the public to grow to 23 billion U.S. dollars, will decrease participation owned držve GM, from 60 percent to 33 percent. Dan Akerson, director of the company, GM said it will pay off all debts to the last cent, and added: &quot;The American auto manufacturers, profit, although it is now in the U.S. market sold about 11 million vehicles. Although the best time sold up to 16 million, it&#39;s still good news for our workers and for taxpayers. &quot;Retired GM workers, lapwings and also shareholders, will have some new uses of the new General Motors. Retired engineer John Christie said: &quot;Pensioners GM had a lot of stock that became worthless.
 To us it is difficult to financial hit so now we have the opportunity to re-invest in our former company and the return of izgubljnog. &quot;Some consumer organizations have advocated a postponement of the sale of shares GM. Joan Claybrook, a representative of either group, said: &quot;We are concerned that the hasty sale of all available shares of the U.S. government could lose about $ 5 billion. We think it is too early to General Motors&#39; shares go on sale. It was necessary to wait for the higher initial cost. &quot;President Barack Obama believes that the return of GM on the New York Stock Exchange confirms the correctness of the government&#39;s decision to try to save the company and said:&quot; Even more. American tax payers will now be returned more money than my administration inevestirala in GM. And it is very good. &quot;The value of shares of General Motors yesterday, the first day of sales, grew by nearly 4 percent, which led to a significant increase in daily stock indices vrijensoti.
 The Dow Jones increased by over 170 points, which are on the New York Stock Exchange rijektko still going on.
 