It is not yet known the exact number of casualties in the conflict between the Muslims and Christians in the Nigerian Joshua. The Red Cross says about 160, and some other sources on over 300 people dead. Thousands of people fled the violence. Destroyed homes, burned trucks, and people with bandages on their heads, women who are crying - pictures of us coming from Josa proof of the shocking level of violence in recent days. The army restored order and peace, and is extracted from the rubble the bodies of new victims. The city is slowly returning, and thousands of refugees who are still left in the midst of conflict, Christians and Muslims. Abdul Umar, crisis manager of the Red Cross told the BBC: &quot;about 17,000 refugees have settled in 16 reception camps. There are many wounded, many people have died. In the camps is still placed much of the refugees, a few have already returned to their homes . For most residents Josa this week&#39;s violence is not prime. Already in November 2008. Muslims and Christians clashed in riots that killed hundreds of people - the religious leaders on both sides have argued that religious intolerance was not a cause of bloody accounts.
 What is the real cause of violence? The actual causes of violence are a little more complicated. It is a conflict of interest over natural resources. It is the primary reason for ethnic conflicts in the African country. More and more Muslims from the Hausa ethnic group left the village community and go to the cities. And there are &quot;natives&quot; can be treated as second-class citizens. &quot;Villagers&quot; can not find work, and are not represented either in the state administrative apparatus. Politicians, to make matters worse, they know the fire add fuel to the religious arguments, I have said Mohammed Asaf: &quot;Many of our politicians do not have programs. And when I can return to a good argument, when people have nothing to offer, then claim to be discriminated because they are Muslims. Or because they are Christians. It is the negative stereotypes. &quot; Human Rights Watch criticized that after last year&#39;s riots nobody legally accountable for the violence. It should now change, according to Nigerian Vice President Goodluck Jonathan, and calls the ethnic and religious leaders not to worsen the mood in the nation by irresponsible statements, &quot;Security forces closely monitor the behavior of these people.
 All those whose words or deeds of violence caused by very quickly will be arrested and will have for it and respond. &quot;His words sound good. But in practice the government of Nigeria no one inspires fear into the bones. The President of Nigeria, Umaru Yar&#39;Adua, but several months on treatment (heart problems, author&#39;s remark) in Saudi Arabia, and stubbornly refuses to surrender its authority or designee. In Nigeria, most populous African country, currently the government - anarchy. And many fear that it will not be long until the next ethnic crisis. Deutsche Welle Add this article to your favorite online community
 