Black Chronicle, World Wednesday, 27.10.2010. Tags: tsunami, volcanoes, Indonesia 10:58 Indonesia: Earthquake and volcano killed 170 people in Indonesia on Wednesday to mobilize a fierce confrontation with two natural disasters - tsunamis and volcanic eruptions - which killed more than 170 people and hundreds are missing. President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono cut short his visit to Vietnam where he was to attend a summit of ASEAN to oversee rescue operations. Operation is especially difficult to organize on the islands of the Indian Ocean affected by late Monday after an earthquake measuring 7.7 which was followed by a powerful tsunami. Three-meter high waves were completely devastated coastal villages in the Mentawai archipelago, in the waters of the island of Sumatra. &quot;At least 154 persons fatally injured and 400 are missing,&quot; he said on Wednesday a government official in charge of rescue in the province of West Sumatra. The tsunami inflicted a heavy blow to tourism in Mentawai archipelago, islands rich in vegetation, a favorite among windsurfers because of the waves are compared with those in Hawaii, but no foreign tourist was killed.
 The volcanic eruption on the central Indonesian island of Java killed on Wednesday has risen to 25, announced the emergency services. Mount Merapi, Indonesia&#39;s most dangerous volcano erupted on Tuesday night, throwing clouds of hot ash 1.5 kilometers into the air. For ash and lava started to come together southern and southwestern side of the volcano. Eruption was followed a day after the government raised the threat of entry to the highest level. Thousands of villagers who refused to leave their homes despite warnings were moved after the eruption. Rescuers say that the search for survivors and for bodies of victims focuses on two villages Kinahrejo and Turgo. At least 15 bodies were found in the home of the person who is believed to be the spiritual guardian of the volcano. The volcano is located at 26 kilometers from the city of Yogyakarta and the most active of the 69 active Indonesian volcano. (H)
 