Photo Reuters Related news from eight analysts, brokerage firms that participated in Hininoj survey, five of them now expects Crobexa and three stagnation. Crobex yesterday fell 1.33 percent to 2016 points, and at its lowest level since the beginning of the year. CROBEX10 weakened 1.64 percent to 1084 points. Regular turnover reached 24.2 million kuna, which is about 7.5 million less than the day before. &quot;The domestic market in recent monitors developments in world markets. Therefore, I expect the stock prices at the beginning of today&#39;s trading, which could be mitigated before the end of the day, depending on the signals from Wall Street,&quot; said an analyst at investment firm Abacus brokers Maja Besevic. On global stock exchanges are among the investors pulled back from fear of further spreading debt crisis in the eurozone, which would harm the recovery of the entire world economy. Share prices on Wall Street sank yesterday more than 3.5 percent, and what the government fears the market shows the VIX index jump by 29 percent, the highest level since March last year.
 And Asian and European stock markets this morning, stock prices have fallen. &quot;From a fundamental point of view, there is no basis for such a sharp correction of the major world indices, because U.S. macroeconomic indicators continue to point to recovery, and the season of financial reports the company was solid. No, followed by a change in investor sentiment, which is best seen in the price of a barrel of oil , which has weakened in the month, about $ 20. Investors fear the debt crisis in the eurozone, a negative perception and the efforts of Barack Obama on the tightening of regulations on financial markets, which could reduce the profits of some financial institutions, &quot;says Besevic. As he adds, the U.S. S &amp; P 500 Index is now at a crossroads. Yesterday it dropped to 1071 points and is now 10 percent of the loss of their highest levels reached in April. &quot;I believe it will soon reverse the negative trend, given that the S &amp; P 500 index broke through the level of minus 10 percent compared to the highest level in April, concluded yesterday, trading in the 1071 sting.
 The domestic market is unlikely to remain immune to these trends, &quot;says Besevic. In the global market marine transportation of freight falling on the fourth day in a row, so that the index of bulk freight cargo yesterday was 3803 points.&quot; Most of the freight charges have fallen to cap-size vessels, mostly because lowering the price of iron ore in the world market, but also the fact that since the beginning of the year 70 new vessels entered the fleet in the world. Continue to be such a pace to increase the world&#39;s fleet by the end of the year will be approximately 15 percent higher, which could further negative pressure on freight, &quot;says Besevic. Hina survey shows that the greater focus of investors&#39; shares could be Dioki after INA reported that a procedure of enforced collection of the total overdue debts of the INA Dioki supplied for ethane and natural gas according to the company for the supplied natural gas. The debt was accumulated in the past 300 days.
 