Unlike the first School FIFA World Cup, which did not offer any nice match, the second the school was nearly every other stats (42 goals in 16 games), so we hope that the final, third round in groups and make a hundred percent the effect of beauty. And in this they dominated South American football players who have five games and recorded five wins (their current ratio is 8:2:0). The European trio France-England-Italy reiterated dead, bloodless and insipid image of an elite of European football and put under question mark the passage of the current world champions (Italy), finalists last Mundijala (France) and the state leg cradle srca Lonely Hearts Club (England). The Portuguese set a record for the SP and Sjevernokorejancima left behind seven balls. Few Koreans we were even and we are so we thought &quot;these will not be able to go out of shame home,&quot; but then it dawned on us. Well they do not want the house. A group of Frenchmen in the last round to pray Uruguayan and Mexican gods that their team does not play a draw, because it would eject Gaelic roosters with championships at the same time play a match with host South Africa-om which are unresolved and some historical questions.
 OUR TIP: Mexico and Argentina, Uruguay Group B and South Korea played a real beauty from which they emerged as winners gaučosi (4:1), although South Korea is in 2:1 had a dead shot. Argentines remained only to break open the doors of the Greeks and 1 / 8 finals where the Koreans and a point against Nigeria was enough. OUR TIP: Argentina and South Korea Group C Unbelievable: Even though they opened with two truljava Cup draw, England are still the favorites category C. It is enough that just want to get Slovenia and go on. On the other side of our western neighbors, despite the leading position after two rounds, have the least chance of passage. Americans, who until now have shown up, get left Algeria in the 1 / 8 are final. OUR TIP: The U.S. and England Group D is similar in this group. Ghana&#39;s leading bookmakers is at least since the last round game against you-by the Germans, while the Serbs against razgoropadnuti distant, but friendly in Australia to look for three points of passage among the top 16.
 If you are not continued the trend of playing the hand (two matches, two red cards) are likely. OUR TIP: Germany and Serbia Group E Denmark and Cameroon have played 2nd prettiest match rounds after that Kamerunci become the first team to safely leave the championship after the first phase. The Dutch on the other side have become the first team that has secured a 1 / 8 finals, even though the second round took place without any connection. Odbijanac hundred meters from Japan has put in an awkward situation that in the last round against the Danes decide on another passenger in the 1 / 8 finals. OUR TIP: The Netherlands and Japan Group F If New Zealand does not print the third page in its football history, leading Paraguay is certainly on the throne of Group F. boring Italians after two draws hairstyles are faded and the fears of the World Cup debuts, Slovaks, which would eventually victory promoted vice groups, and opponents of the Netherlands in 1 / 8 finals.
 OUR TIP: Paraguay, Italy (although they would like Slovakia) Group G second Derby rounds played Brazil and Ivory Coast. Were it not for a judge who is carrying capacity players, the match would probably be even more beautiful. Thus, Brazil is samljeo Drogba and co. which now holds just a theory in the game. Milled and the North Korean military record result this year&#39;s World Cup. The Portuguese got them 7:0, and C. Ronaldo is a brilliant one hit, one gate and three to four assists and also said running for the best player in the championship. But can it be beautiful? OUR TIP: Brazil and Portugal in Group H liked best football game of the youngest teams in the World Cup, Chile, which was the first game scored the first goal in Mundijal after 48 years, while the other managed to break the rarely seen bunker antinogometne Swiss who managed to bring down the Italian record of not having received a goal at half past five matches at the World Championships. However, with 6 points Chileans can not celebrate as they want to pass the second
 circuit is still under question. Spaniards eat rutinirano Honduras. OUR TIP: Chile and Spain, S. Matijevic Relatd FUTURE Articles in World Cup: What will football look like in the near future in the pond last week we predmundijalskom documentary for ... C. Ronaldo cheated on his fiancée with yourself young and almost perfect Portuguese soccer star Cristiano Rona ... BEAUTY 1st SCHOOL: Dutch, Argentinean and Red Hot Chile Peppers None of the 16 matches played first round World Cup in South Republ ... BEAUTY 1 / 8 FINALS: Best moments in football after the World Cup 56 &quot;consecutive&quot; World Cup matches, players have taken two days before ... BEAUTY third SCHOOL: Hey, Slovaks, you are still alive Spala books at 16 letters, of which seven of them coming from North ... BEAUTY Semifinals Netherlands and Spain in the finals, C. Ronaldo in Hollywood! The first half of the second semi-final FIFA World Cup was one of the most ...
 BEAUTY SP: 11 Blažičkovih disappointed nation 64th World Cup matches in South Africa dropped the curtain on the 19th s. .. Father Pena-English public enemy No. 1 Meetings of the English and German football team were marked by no ... Reveals facts that you did not know about vuvuzelama &quot;Vuvuzela remind me everyday to the sound of a swarm of mosquitoes over the heads ... SP FRONT DOOR - (Group H): A new Spanish invasion of Latin America Group H: Spain, Switzerland, HONDURAS, CHILE Spain would be easy to m. .. FIFA World Cup-gconf mystery &#39;Maradona with two hand-hours&#39; football fans who watched television broadcast matches Arge ... ALL THE SECRETS 2010 World Cup: Finals will be judged by a woman! Messi is not ready, Brazil has a mysterious player, Slovaks like to slow ... GUIDE FOR GALEBOVI: FIFA World Cup opens a new season galebarenja! Every four years the men is a unique opportunity to correct ...
 Comments No comments. Your Name Comment Title Comment Enter the new code
 