Astrology is a science that studies celestial bodies on human and environment. Records of astrology are more than 5000 years, so we can say that one of the oldest sciences. Thus, the interpretation of symbols come to know about yourself and the environment in which we find ourselves. By observing and studying, one is found that there is a connection between the phenomena in the sky and events on the skills of interpretation zemlji.astrologija horoscope. We can simplify and say that the symbolic language of astrology. Astrology is the sky divided into 12 astrological znakova.Dijele the male and ženske.Ovan represents the beginning of human life and growing up as a latest sign of Pisces in the zodiac. When we look round the horoscope, we see that each character occupies 30 degrees of the circle Natalna astrology is the most popular branch of the work astrologije.Kada natal chart, then the tops of houses and house are counted toward time and place rođenja.Veoma is important to know the basis of each character in astrology, because their meaning is very important in the interpretation of certain parts of life.
 So: Natalna the map: Location of the planets in the sky at the moment of birth making osobe.Za natal charts are needed precise information about the birth. These are: the exact date, hour, minute and place rođenja.Što the data were accurate and interpretation will be clearer. If you do not have precise time of birth and the analysis will miss the details, although this is not an obstacle to finding out what interests you. There are many types of horoscopes such as Natal, Solar, Collateral, horarna, Mundane, Medical, etc. .. The symbolism of the planets in traditional astrology, planets are the main subject of astrological work and tumačenju.Kad observe planets usually look them in the form of their direct forward movement, but the planet can move and (apparently) backwards, which nazivmo retrograde motion. One must always bear in mind that the sun and the moon can never be retrograde, because the Sun is the central point okokoje everything revolves, while the Moon is tied to our planet Earth as its satellite Fri slow and distant planets (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto) are often veoam retrograde, which is logical, because the earth rotates around the sun much faster.
 But in astrology are significant retrograde movement faster (internal or personal) planets-Mercury, Venus, and Mars. Retroradne planets are marked with the letter &quot;r&quot;. Before turning from direct to retrograde kretanjeili inversely, the planet begins to slow down and spend some time (seemingly) completely stane.Takvo her condition is called stationary and we denote with the letter &quot;s&quot;. Spore planet can be stationary and up to one week, while the faster usually not stationary for more than 24 hours. Astrologically speaking, retrograde and stationary planets express themselves differently from the direct and often seen as some kind of reversal or slowdown in djelovanju.vrlo often they indicate the obstacles, delays and setbacks in those segments of life in which they are active and the planet. Example: Mercury Retrograde: difficulties in communication, delays in or loss of securities issued by Venus: The problems in achieving financial means koristikao and poor partner relationships.
 Mars: The barriers to action, lack of initiative. Jupiter: antisocial, rebellious appearance. Saturn: a big sacrifice, sacrifice, depression, simnje. Uranus, Neptune and Pluto because of its slow action that individuals can not feel. When Uranus is retrograde means: nervousness, irritability, udaljvanje than others. Neptune: Running away axis of reality, self-deception, mental and physical sensitivity. Pluto: obsessiveness and an explosive temper and often self-destructive tendencies. Each planet has its good and bad qualities of expression in a horoscope. SUN - Stay 1 month usvakom principle male character Controls: Lion exaltation: Aries Exile: Aquarius Pad: Weighing Presented by personality, the will to power, ego. Keyword: I Color: orange, golden-yellow. Metal: Gold. Gemstone: Topaz. Herbs: almond, bay leaves, rosemary. Day: Sunday sprite: Heliosov shield or an endless circle. Anatomy: Heart, upper body, spleen, back, circulation and sperm, right around the man, the left eye in women.
 I represents the sun in the horoscope describes the ego, the will and awareness sebi.Takodje says what we want to be. Points to the part of the destiny that we are creating their own volition. The house in which the Sun is the area where we want something postiči.Na the area of life we feel safe and comfortable. We have a clear sense identiteta.Tu to prove. Here are our desires and our goals are all what one desires. Through the position of the sun, we can describe all the important people in our lives: the father, the director, head, and women&#39;s horoscope indicates the husband. In astrology place of the Sun is the fifth house, house of children, love, creativity, stravalaštva. Aspects to the Sun describe the energy that are important and which must fit into the development process .. personality aspects that people often describe people happiness. Good point to aspects of the determination, willpower, confidence, generosity, dignity. The harms of giving egoism, complex power, the arrogance. MONTH - through a character-approximately 2 days 27-28 days round of Zodiac Principle female Controls: cancer exaltation: Taurus Pad: Exile Libra Scorpio Key word: Emotion.
 Metal: Silver Stone: Pearl, Sedef Plant: Fern Day: Monday Graphic character: A Month in the first quarter of Anatomy stomag, balance, chest, digestion, the body fluid, secretion, glands of internal secretion, the left eye by a man, right around the women. Presented by: Household, the need for care and concern, a female principle: mother, wife and wife and as a whole. At the same time manage liquids, sale, goods, navigation. The Moon is instinct, moods, tides, fluctuating, feelings Manages personal interests, desires, needs, growth, fertility, the moon is very important in the horoscope, because it is closest to Earth and therefore appears to be moving quickly through the zodiac. He is a symbol of fertility, attention, nurturing loyalty. Manages personal interests, desires, needs for touch. Month determine the extent to which a person is under the influence događaja.Opisuje fateful events, the soul of man, and an irrational part of the personality.
 Where is the moon in the natal horoscope that the susceptibility to emotional ups and padovima.U that house persons associated environment and the culture in which he lives. This is the house where one feels safe and comfortable .. Aspects of the Moon shows the conditions in Ojima the person grew her emotionally biće.Planete aspecting the Moon, which are often associated with people with whom the person is emotionally bound. Aspects talk about how people brineza other and how they would like to care for her. MERKUR-passes through one sign of 15 days to 2 months (depending on the retrograde motion) Principle: Manages Neutral: Gemini-Virgo exaltation: Aquarius Pad: The Lion Exile: Sagittarius and Pisces represents the intellectual impulse, a way of expression. Search for: sopsobnost thinking Color: Red-Ljubučasta Stone: Opal Plant: Lilac Day: Wednesday sprite: Winged Divine helmet. Anatomy: Disadvantages system, brain, mouth, eyes, tongue, respiratory system, hand, hand, general ruler of all hormones.
  It is always tied to a woman, beauty, through the position of Venus in the horoscope we can see areas of life that makes a person sretnom.Kuća in which Venus is referred to the area of life where a person enjoys and finds satisfaction and joy are connected to the second and seventh house in the horoscope. The aspects of Venus indicate that people evaluate the quality and voli.Ukazuje a way a person expresses her beauty, how it behaves and how he wants someone predstaviti.Opisuje experience konfllikte, tension in relationships, relationships that ljudima.Mogu mean people and talents. Mars passes through one sign of a 2 months longer than seven months when it is retrograde. Mali foe Controls: Aries-Scorpio Principle: Female exaltation Capricorn Pad: Cancer exile. Libra represents the action of an aggressive drive, initiative. Key words: Energy Colour: Red Metal: Iron Stone. Rubin, Diamond Plant: Cactus, nettles, and all the vegetation that has thorns. Day: Tuesday sprite: Spear and Shield of the war god Mars anatomy: muscular system, reproductive organs, head, face, red blood cells, nervous system, bladder, adrenal gland.
 Mars manages animal nature, and sexual energijom.Ukazuje the ambition, power, strength, work, desire, competitive spirit, death. It also manages the operations, surgery, weapons, war, accidents, wounds, cuts, infections. The symbol is open force of will, courage, fight, action, power, energy, the principle male sex, passion and desire for change. Aspects Mars describe detailed methods of proof and its people that afirmacije.Planeta aspecting Mars describes the qualities with which a person feels strong. In women, often describes the qualities sought by the man muškarca.Kod aspects illustrate the way of expressing their masculinity good aspect gives perseverance and courage in battle, vitality and physical strength. The bad aspect of creating hatred, anger, violence, svađu.postaje symbol agresijei destruktivnosti.On managed the first house. JUPITER - porolazi through one sign of great luck for 1 year Controls: Archer Principle: Female exaltation: Cancer Decline: Exile Capricorn: Gemini Represents: benevolence, protection.
 Search for: Expansion of Color: Blue-Violet Metal: Tin Stone: Amethyst Plant: Donna Day: Thursday Graphic character: the first letter of the Greek word that means God Zeus Anatomy: liver, thigh, arteriska circulation, hips, feet, right ear, pancreas. Jupiter is the planet of wisdom and znanja.on gives optimism and very pozitivan.Pravedna and wants to help. Managed by higher education, philosophy, religion, remote, freedom, height, growth, sport, travel, money, monk, big business. teachers, lawyers, foreigners, there is a need for širenjem.U horoscope suggests activities that can easily succeed, and the way you like to spend your free vrijeme.Jupiter a judge, legislator, and one that provides pomoć.Njegovo action was settled, and encourages growth and health. Manages ninth house of horoscope. SATURN - is going through one sign for about 2 and a half years fiend known as the Great Ruler: Capricorn Principle: Female exaltation: Libra Fall: Aries Exile: Cancer Presented by the urge for security and safety of.
 Search for: Master Color: Grey, Black Metal: Lead Stone: Sunstone Herbs: Violet Day: Saturday sprite: Jul Kronos God of Time. Gray, skin, skeletal system, teeth, ligaments, knee, left ear, the organs of hearing, hearing, gallbladder paratrioidna glands, body proteins. Our great teachers. Most vicious forms of all the planets, because it destroys slowly enjoying patnji.Bezosjećajan, cunning, lonely, tužan.Uči from mistakes. Farthest planet in traditional astrology and literally marks the border of life. Saturn is the planet sudbine.On search odgovornost.Konzervativan is not like promjene.Voli justice Saturn controls the past, history, tradition, time, elderly people, severe and chronic diseases, obstruction, and limitations of each type, discipline, kašnjanjima, patience, theory, scientific laws, establishing the terms, represents the principle of truth, consolidation, wisdom, aging, Its action is slow and continuous.
 Managed by the tenth house horoscope and tells about her father, autotitetu, affirmation. Saturn is the process of forming a conscious ego and the internal moral order, learning and maturing through the pain. Positive traits are sobriety, loyalty, reticence, diligence. Ill-placed Saturn gives pessimism, pettiness, avarice, trvdoglavost. Retrograde Saturn indicates an insecure person, with a lack of ambition. The field in which there is a Saturn shows an area of great importance in the horoscope, nankoje the painful ups and downs of learning the lessons of life. Uranus - is going through one sign for 7 years. Government exaltation Scorpio: Scorpio. Fall: Taurus Exile: The Lion. Presented by: slobodnjački drive, Key word: He who wakes up. Color: Purple Metal: Uranium Stone: Chalcedony plants: All plants with strong scents Day: Saturday: Graphic character: Performed by the letter H Herselu, astronomer who discovered this planet 1781 years Anatomy higher brain function, body electricity, joints.
 Uranus is the planet revolucijei liberation. He unexpectedly causes changes in all the unusual things about sebe.Daje događaje.Neutralan and neuter, and therefore univerzalan.Princip suprotnost.On Uranus is in revolt against the position, and is expressed through the revolution and the need to dominate slično.Ima provides intuition . astrologers Government, weirdos, atheist, divorced people, even homoseksualcima.Upravlja also discoveries, science, originality, electricity, magic, occult, light, x-rays, planes, dictators, His work is often sudden and nasilničko.U astrology represents a higher octave of Mercury. The position of Uranus in the horoscope indicates the area in which it occurs the strange and unusual things, strange people, or where we will be prone to unusual ventures in the bad aspects can give rebels. NEPTUN - through one character for 14 years. Government Sucks exaltation: Cancer Decline: Capricorn Exile: The Virgin represents the spiritual urge, the urge for fleeing.
 Search for: intuition. Color: Indigo Blue Stone: Beryl Metal: Platinum Plant: What are the nature of opiates and anastetici. Graphic symbol: a trident of Poseidon the sea god Anatomy: vertebral column, nerve fibers, feet, telepathic functions, pituitary gland, white blood cells gives an occult experience and mysticism, Neptune is the planet of all that is secret, fairy tales, divine love., Creativity, telepathy, Managed : all activities related to the sea, liquid, muzikkom, theater, television, dreams, glamor, illusions, disappointments, ideals, duhovnšću, anticipating, and everything in life we take no rezerve.Utiče the lights, oil, anesthetics, flattery, all what is untouchable, scent, inner sense, colors, songs. Neptune is responsible for susceptibility to drugs, alcohol, hypochondriac, somnambulism, trance, hypnosis, immaterial and abnormal, represents a higher octave of Venus. The position of Neptune in the horoscope indicates the area where we tend obmanni ii other self-deception.
 Manages the twelfth house horoscope. PLUTO - through one character for 20 years. Managed by: scorpion exaltation: The Lion Decline: Exile Aquarius: Taurus represents: the urge to destroy and reform. Search for: Transformation of Color; Red, Black Metal: Plutonium Stone: No Dan. Monday Graphic character: a combination of letters derived from the P &amp; L by Lovel astronomer who predicted the discovery of this planete1930 Gray, reproductive system, pituitary, abnormal growth, warts, tumors, youth Pluto traditionally managed by the lower world and what is hidden from view, including unknown to the world within ourselves, our repressed unconscious, and I. Presented by: conception, reproduction, printing, control the masses and debris, atomic force, crime, phobia, obsessions, slow growth, transmutations, beginning at the end, birth, death, izplovanošću, coercion, disappearance, kidnapping, bacteria and viruses.
 It represents regeneration and degenerisanje.Izlaže what is secret and hidden from view and unknown to the world, including in ourselves. Manages vacancies, plumbing, dictatorships, unpopular goals and everything that is exclusive This is the farthest planet of the solar system. Its action is very slow, cautious and neminovo. The position of Pluto in the house talking about areas where we need to solve their own problems.
 