The implicit comparison of the expulsion of Roma from the deportations of Jews from France caused a scandal with insults and howling at the working lunch of the European Council, ie the summit of the European Union on Thursday. RELATED NEWS Columns Comments explicit comparison with the Nazis atheists went almost unnoticed, as something understandable, when her turn that day in Edinburgh, presented Pope Benedict XVI In both cases (and in some others these days crawling through the pages of European newspapers) certain no means neglectable role is the principle of collective guilt. It is a principle that many condemn loudly, insisting that the fault can not be just individual - but it simultaneously by many, including some from the first part of this sentence, safely put into action. French President Nicholas Sarkozy has gone wild, quoted an unashamed joy Bulgarian Prime Minister &quot;bata Bojko&quot; Borisov, because the European Commission dared &quot;disrespectful&quot; to discuss the &quot;great nation&quot;.
 Publicly protested the Viviane Reding, evropovjerenica of justice, in the same paragraph mentioned the deportation and expulsion of Roma. Terror has reigned for these words, the expulsion of Roma fell into another plan: to be forced out, call it deportation is unforgivable. Well, not deportation, do not send them to the Jasenovac than at home, in Romania. But there is no doubt that this collective reprisals against the Roma. Reprisals because of the collective guilt of Roma that Roma are &quot;we are not racists, but they are black,&quot; explained one of America). The simplest would be to say that Roma are a local Bulgarian, Romanian or Slovak problem. In this regard, has the right Silvio Berlusconi when he argues for them now (before the illegal immigrants) that this European problem which the European Union must be considered and addressed together. Yes, the emancipation of the Roma is a European problem, the European Union. No more of that Balfour who would found a new home.
 It can not be any &quot;return to India&quot;, and also because from there fled before the terrible discrimination. If it was a principle, to see that Ireland and England in which to return the Americans, leaving Manhattan and the Golden Gate to the natives! Evroliderima But even today nobody thinks this is a problem solved, giving the Roma into the hands of the means of emancipation, starting with the general and occupational education, employment, etc. - without discrimination. Like real men, the problem swept under the carpet (in this case, back across the border of Romania and Bulgaria). And are willing to trample the Schengen Convention, rightly hailed as the largest range of European unity, only to be saved from different. Gad Lerner, Italian journalist of Jewish origin, born in Beirut, with a gusto that is scored and Nicolas Sarkozy de Nagy-Bocsa, the French president and protokanonik nadbazilike Lateran, the son of Hungarian refugees of noblemen and maternal grandson of the Thessaloniki Jewish refugees.
 Lerner was once recalled that toward immigrants (whose collective guilt that immigrate where work is) brutally put Italy whose sons and emigrated, and how (or where American Madonna, Sinatra or Capone?). From a party of government, Northern League, was heard once that ships with immigrants must wait on the high seas gunboats. Solved it elegantly: Italy has made patrol boats Libya. What the Libyans are doing may not even be known to nekidan not drilled an Italian fishing boat, the area where the people are. Oooops, apologized, we thought that transported immigrants. And to them it is logical to shoot, otherwise you will warships, is not it? That is how the collective guilt of immigrants punishes Libya, as the Northern League allies, however, that the public hates Arabs and Muslims. A Rome? The cutest contribution to the discussion of them gave Umberto Bossi, leader of the Northern League, the Italian minister and chief ally of Silvio Berlusconi: &quot;Gypsies steal.
 It should drive them out. &quot; The principle is clear, but the question is who would remain in Italy and some other EU countries if it is expelling all the nations with some members of stealing. To remind me that a student at the University of Bologna warned not to leave your computer alone in the classroom, because if they steal. Uh, it would be a bit tricky to banish the University of Bologna, which Bossi considers part of its not exactly over imaginary Padanije. Just on Thursday revealed the scandalous details of corruption in some municipalities, which leads to long Bossijeva xenophobic Northern League, including links with the mafia. Mother dear, it would be terrible if someone from Italy because scare off Northern League? And who would then brutally Berlusconi said what or thought silently behind firmly closed doors? Of course, that every thesis of collective guilt and collective reprisals could easily return as a boomerang. But it does not matter - and the thesis does not amount to a rational discussion, but rather to raise the level of collective hysteria &quot;fair&quot;, which also offers a collective blame their troubles, the collective &quot;Pedro&quot;.
 Nothing new: it is not so Nero, according Svetoniju, offered to Christians as the collective blame for the fire of Rome? Well, they certainly have a bar - which still remember the collective persecution of Nero - a strong bulwark against dangerous insanity ascription of collective guilt. Or maybe I mistaken? Number of recommendations: 28 Post on Facebook COMMENTS
 