Has long been rumored, unofficially been announced and it was finally officially announced: President Barack Obama will meet with the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama during his forthcoming visit to Washington. For the initial rumors of their possible meeting in Beijing that sparked nervousness intensified when it finally released the date of the meeting: 18 February Recall that during the last official visit to China, Barack Obama announced such a possibility. Specifically, the U.S. president, who takes in all international segments for a new beginning and cooperation, he expressed a desire to quickly restarting talks between Beijing and representatives of the Dalai Lama. Diplomatically correct, but the use of words quickly. If someone does not like to be rushed, then you are Chinese. It is time for them, it seems, some other categories than those used in the west. Urgently translated into the official Chinese may be a decade or more ...
 This is evident in the changes that are occurring in this vast community. No more types of earthquakes or other cultural revolutions, but no changes would be undermined party foundations and principles of its policy. This also includes solutions to issues of Tibet and Taiwan, for the U.S. issue of constant debate. When will this happen, Beijing, which has long nadrastao Forbidden City, not burdens in daily domestic politics. These are the internal affairs of China and he does not intend and does not want to deal with the level of the international community, and certainly not to expedite the proceedings. And the international community every now and then remind the Chinese that he expects the solution of these two problems citing a number of reasons, from violations of human rights, security of the region and beyond. In the past, the Chinese have crossed over it in silence or make as of now the protest. What has changed: those who were their interlocutors in the world. All U.S. presidents past 20 years have met with the Dalai Lama.
 Nobel laureate for peace with his performance and work for peace and autonomy for Tibet opens many doors, not only one official meeting with the Chinese authorities. He claims that he wants real autonomy for Tibet and that the &quot;climate in China in recent 60 years has changed and that changes will continue.&quot; Beijing consistently reiterates that the Tibetan spiritual leader wants independence, and therefore a dangerous separatist. Anyone who does not understand why they only know, and others, it is clear that what now exists in Tibet is not the solution but the illusion of the solution. In affairs of state that is as dangerous as an open conflict because they constantly smoldering discontent of the people who believes that the procedure affected the central government. The giant changes in China, one day it will come on the agenda, without warning nervous about Tibet as a part of China and the Dalai Lama will be meeting with any politician in the world, including U.S. President harm relations between the two countries.
 In this case, almost ritualistic rhetoric, beyond that and will not go, simply because China and U.S. should cooperate, but occasionally proving that no external pressure will not change their views and decisions.
 