Characteristics of the two depressions is that in time the length of the global economy has not been in steady decline, but both are included and certain periods of growth and recovery, but these episodes were not enough to repair the damage of the initial fall, and were accompanied by further destroying economic power. Krugman writes in his column as it has been found in the early stages of the third depression that will be closer than the Great Depression Duga, but that will cost the global economy and millions of people out of work to be huge. Furthermore, the third depression will primarily show all errors made economic decisions because governments around the world while dealing with the issue of inflation, according to Krugman higher risk deflation. The politicians preach the need for a &#39;belt-tightening, &quot;a real problem for Krugman insufficient consumption. &quot;In 2008. And 2009. Seemed to have learned from the mistakes of the past.
 Unlike predecessors who were starting the crisis raised interest rates, the current leaders of the U.S. Federal Reserve (Fed) and European Central Bank (ECB) &#39;porezali&#39; interest rates and helped the financial sector. Moreover, unlike past leaders who were trying to not create budget deficits, current account deficits were allowed to grow. These decisions have helped the global economy to avoid a complete collapse and the recession that ended last summer. Furthermore, Krugman wrote that future historians argue that this is not the end of three years of depression, even as growth 1933rd, was not the end of the Great Depression as unemployment - and above all long-term high unemployment - is at a high level and would have been a few years ago considered catastrophic. With time there are no signs that in recent times could reduce, and Krugman concludes that the United States and European countries on the path of Japan and its deflatornih traps.
 All these projections show that the black leaders of the Western world does not see that they did not do enough to encourage the recovery more difficult because the orthodox solutions to reduce the budget deficit. Krugman says that it is a return to old solutions in line with the policy of U.S. President from the time of the Great Depression, Herbert Hoover, which is a glorified tax increases and spending cuts as a cure to stop the economic decline. Awarded Nobel Prize in 2008. Washington was called out and the Fed, which according to him, did nothing to prevent the risk of occurrence of deflation because Obama administration has not taken measures to assist the states to reduce the risks of deflation. Strict austerity measures adopted by developed countries, according to Krugman, it will encourage investors to accept that the global economy out of depression. He mentions the examples of Greece and Ireland, whose government introduced strict austerity measures, unlike Spain, which did not want to use the old &#39;medical&#39; methods.
 He notes that the financial market understands, that decision makers do not understand that the long-term fiscal responsibility is essential because in the midst of depression is counterproductive to reduce spending and sets the path to deflation. Therefore, all measures taken by governments are in fact contrary to the nation as a whole is shifting the burden of the crisis on their backs. And who will pay for the victory of the orthodox ideas? Paul Krugman says that it will be tens of millions of unemployed, who will be without work for years, and those who will not ever work.
 