TUESDAY, 26 October 2010. Jandrokovic with the Holy See&#39;s Secretary for Relations with States Mambertijem Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration Gordan Jandrokovic received last week, Vatican Secretary for Relations with States Monsignor Dominique Mambertija. She was a guest sincere appreciation for the support which the Republic of Croatia has the Holy See, ever since the establishment of a sovereign and independent Republic of Croatian and so during the negotiation process with the European Union. The meeting was discussed and a joint celebration of 300th Ruder Boskovic birth anniversary next year. On the proposal of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration, Croatia and the Vatican post office that will be the occasion to issue postage stamps dedicated to the great Croatian scientist. Croatian fourth among the most attractive European tourist destinations in Croatia has declared a fourth country among the most attractive European tourist destinations.
 As part of this year&#39;s award travel awards to the British daily The Guardian has taken place after Austria, Switzerland and Sweden. Also, according to travel agents in the category of closer destinations Croatia has declared a new star that is most recommended for tourists when choosing travel to closer destinations. On the most important tourism fair, which will be held in early November in London, Croatian National Tourist Board will present to all interested parties from the tourist industry and potential tourists Croatian tourist offer. From January to September this year, Croatia was visited by 236 000 citizens of Great Britain, which was 5 percent higher than the same period last year. The initiative to build the highway through central Europe, Bulgaria, Romania and Greece joined the initiative that would travel from north to south Europe should significantly shorten the construction of an international highway through central Europe.
 At the meeting of Ministers of Transport and Infrastructure, held last week in the southern Polish Lancut, three countries have joined the initiative to build the so-called. Via Carpatiae. The entire project was launched just in the Polish city of 2006th, when Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia and Hungary signed the corresponding agreement. He foresees the construction of the highway that will connect the Baltic Sea states in the northeast of Europe with those in the Black Sea and Greece to the south. Multi-billion-euro project should be completed by 2020. And in part will be financed by the European Union.
 