Not so long ago on the internet is a major craze for Wave invitations. However, enthusiasm soon waned users so Google in a year and completely withdrawn from the project favored. Today, however, another Internet giant, Facebook, promoting a similar project - &quot;Messaging Service&quot; or a new system of sending messages on the Internet. Facebook not only introduces a Facebook e-mail addresses, but wants to become the best communications system on the Internet. And today you can witness a growing interest in user to try this new service. But it&#39;s not about a revolutionary new program, but more about connecting existing ordinary ways of digital communication in a &#39;box&#39;. We offer a large number of IM services (chats in real time), such as Gtalk, Skype, ICQ and many of the current Facebook chat was among the worse solution. Just was cumbersome, often crashing chat window, lost to messages or brief is not (a) user friendly.
 Today, Facebook also wants to atone for it and become a major player in this field. From the presentation of the head of Facebook Mark Zuckerberg new product can be separated on the basis of three parts: 1) messages and chat (Seamless Messaging), 2) archive conversations (Conversation History) and 3) social Inbox (Social Inbox). 1) The first is the most interesting and important: the e-mail, SMS and chat in one. You may choose whether to communicate with friends via SMS, chat or email, they will receive your message in ways that turn them answers, and depending which platform or device using the time (similar versions already available in smartphoneovima). You pick a name and send a message. To use this new tool you need to register your Facebook e-mail address. If you have already set their faces URL (facebook.com / zeljeno_ime) - then you own the nick used to face a new address (zeljeno_ime@facebook.com) 2) Archive message is clear in itself, and finally you will be able to attend on Facebook what you chatali earlier 3) Counting to have more Facebook friends will allow you to better sort your messages, and that you are more visible messages from people with whom you frequently communicate with your friends or some random (rare) &#39;intrusion&#39;.
 As you can set which will allow friends to see certain content on your profile so you can in your inbox better protect your privacy. Hopefully that will not only be security holes and surprises as the Wave! Contrary Zuckerberg announced during the presentation stated that &quot;this is not the killer e-mail.&quot; It is more concentrated product in terms of a simplified communication between different services and devices because customers today are more Facebook (and other net applications) to access from mobile devices. Whether Facebook will succeed in his new campaign will be known shortly, but first we need to get an invitation!
 