broadcast time 9:00 to 10:00 ninety Shi Zhangyuan who lives in the district Xiyang, Shanxi province, he does not note, but he composed more than two thousand songs. In half a century, he devoted much creative work has helped him a great love for life and deep feelings for his homeland. The song &quot;Happy Song flies to the slopes,&quot; which was composed by Shi Zhangyuan 50-ies of the last century, not only what is popular in various parts of the country, has already been translated into many foreign languages and sung in many countries. [Comments] Chinese rhythm&gt; &gt;&gt; Chinese rhythm broadcast schedule as a man who naopravio great feat, he was warmly received by then Chinese president Mao Zedong and Premier Zhou Enlai. Ministry of Culture awarded him the title &quot;Rural composer&quot;. The 60th Day celebrations anniversary of the founding of the People&#39;s Republic of China, &quot;Happy Song flies to the slopes of the hill&quot; and its composer were again challenged the attention of the Chinese people.
 Shi Zhangyuan was very happy to have experienced all this. Shi Zhangyuan himself says that he never traveled from his native land, Xiyang districts in the province of Shanxi. This country songwriter primarily considered to be good to do its main job, which is farming. The nature, habits, customs and people in the homeland are what we are thinking while composing. On their enthusiasm created musical works, while also participating in the amateur theater in the village. Just because the cultural life in the village is becoming richer. Whenever I have free time, he sings, which makes the everyday difficulties of the villagers. Shi Zhangyuan has 12 children and he did not was not easy to raise them. In those difficult living conditions, was composed by more than two thousand songs. Several years ago, artists from Shanghai have organized a concert titled &quot;Happy Song flies to the slopes.&quot; After the concert, Shi received the highest honorary in his life, 100 000 yuan.
 The next day the entire amount of the fee donated to the state, and since then has built an elementary school. This old man still lives modestly. When you ask whether there is a desire, he always says that his greatest wish was to keep the concert will be performed songs that he composed. Related News: - The magic of Chinese opera - show 20100301 - Wang Luobin and folk songs from Xinjiang - show 20091209 - Sound of China: Chinese traditional musical instruments - emissions 20080518
 