Are you talking about Cuba, the majority of people confirming that they are looking for a place for music and dancing, drinking different cocktails which is a basic ingredient of rum, cigars and brought home as a souvenir. However, if you are looking for more, you will surely find, and Cuba will want to come back. To understand the life of Cubans, you need to know their history, learn some facts about the struggle against the Spanish crown in the 19 century, apparently obtained independence 1902nd or something about American interference in Cuban economy. There is also the time of the dictatorship of the mid-20th Batistini century, when Cuba was recognized as a paradise for the rich who could buy land here, gamble, follow the money and enjoy a cigar, drink and women, and then followed the Cuban Revolution ended 1959th, and the U.S. embargo, the Missile Crisis &#39;62. and finally opening to the world in 90-ih. Today we talk about the state of a large tourist potential, the poor, good education system and on too few opportunities for a quality life.
 The fact is that most people are dissatisfied with their status and to seek an opportunity to go, not thinking about them &quot;out there&quot; is actually waiting. Cubans are willing to commute a box of cigars for your sneakers. For soap, pencil and paper, good demand, and sometimes services locals can pay in kind. Useful information: ● The city of Havana, about 2.5 million inhabitants ● Official language: Spanish ● Area: 110,922 km ² Population ●: ● 11 million Currency: Cuban pesos (CUP or MN - moneda nacional), convertible pesos (CUC) NOTE : EURO bring to Cuba because the U.S. dollar exchange takes a commission from 10 to 20 percent. The ratio is about 1 CUC: 5.2 KN TRAVEL AND ACCOMMODATION The average price of airline tickets 7000 kuna. Would you like to save, book a flight a few months earlier or consider impulse from airports surrounding countries (Italy, Austria, Germany) because the price difference can be drastic.
 Tourist agencies offer package tours for a period of 9-12 days. Usually these are arrangements which include a few days vacation in Varadero and a few days touring the major Cuban cities. Individuals should not have trouble finding accommodation. Accommodation (hotel or private) can be booked online. On site you will realize how well-developed network of private accommodation, known as the casa particular, and can be found in every major town. Specifically, each house where rooms are rented a prominent mark this on your front. Owners will open the door at any time and at no time are not obligated to accept an offered accommodation if you do not like. In Cuba goes one important rule: no matter how much room was in the house, nobody is allowed to hire more than two rooms. The landlord is also obliged to take your passport and a tourist map and write down your information.
 The only way you can be sure that you are in a legal setting, that neither you nor your host will not be punished. The average cost of accommodation in Cuba is from 15 to 30 CUC per room, and sometimes in the price included breakfast. In private homes the price of breakfast CUC 3-5, dinner CUC 5-8. Do not look for it too much luxury, casa particular solution. Useful Information Croatian citizens to enter Cuba require a visa. It is produced in the form of tourist maps at the embassy in Vienna or at the tourist agency that is authorized by the Embassy of the Republic of Cuba, while organizing the trip. When leaving the country pay the exit tax of 25 CUC. PASSION BY JINTEROSIMA When you step on Cuban soil, but from the first minute will be the inevitable encounter with the local population to be different, very clever ways to try to draw you a dollar. Sometimes you will not even be aware that you just paid twice as higher price of real or are you completely wrong.
 Jinteros the local name for people throughout the day literally prey on tourists trying to offer them their services to find accommodation or good places to eat, and if you are in this sense but provide very likely will give you a &quot;premium&quot; cigars at a special price. Almost certainly it would be a perfect copy. The real, original and high quality cigar should be available in specialized stores or directly in the factories. Of course, we do not exclude the fact that the street can get to the original, but ... Jinterosi actually not so bad if it does not rule the Spanish language and you do not know where to look for accommodation or a restaurant. They will gladly take you to the search center, which then can be viewed. No earners and by the renter or caterer gets a commission, and the price of meals in this case for you to be higher. So, if you want a simpler, a more expensive option, this &quot;guide&quot; you will pay.
 Cuba and tour a rented car, we must know that special car plates reveal that you are a tourist ... If you can not get rid jinterosa, with an elevated tone, use the phrase &quot;no me molesta&quot; or &quot;Déjame&quot; which freely translated to mean &quot;leave me alone.&quot; As a last option to mention the police and will be removed. Useful information, mostly paid by tourists all the convertible pesos. Cuban pesos can be purchased at a bank or exchange office and you go on the trip does not hurt to change the 10-20 CUC. Cuban pesos you can buy in small and zabačenijim places, as well as in local markets or bakeries. Western regions of Pinar del Río is known for its tobacco plantations, but also the beautiful, unique landscape dominated by &quot;Mogot, limestone cliffs covered with vegetation. Cuban capital of Havana is that really worth exploring. Havana under the protection of UNESCO and the most beautiful part of the familiar foot and occasional peek at the museum, the famous cafes and visit its plazas.
 Carriage ride costs about 30 CUC and takes about an hour while you have a guide who will tell you something about the city and stop at important places. The most popular tourist destination is Varadero, stretches along 19 kilometers long peninsula Hicacos, located a hundred kilometers east of Havana. Cienfuegos and Trinidad are often on the list of tourist routes, and how not to impress you with its peculiarity. Trinidad is particularly interesting and recognizable by the colorful facades of the old colonial houses in the surrounding area offers plenty of opportunities for activities such as horse riding, vacation on Ancon beach, cruising, diving and the like. Santa Clara is interesting insofar as it is played there last battle of the guerrilla war led by Che Guevara, which ousted the regime Batistini. Today there is a memorial to Che and the Revolution Square, where his monument is located. Cayo Coco, a natural reserve, located on the north coast of central Cuba.
 Known for its flare, white ibis (which Cubans call coco) and kilometers long white sandy beaches. Eastern Cuba has a special meaning in the revolutionary history. Specifically in the forests of the Sierra Maestre Fidel Castro&#39;s revolutionaries gathered, later called barbudos (bearded people) because they are staying in the mountains grew their beards long. In the eastern part of Cuba is located in city parks and Holguín, passionate music and Santiago de Cuba is known for the July Carnival, and Guantánamo is known in the U.S. military base and track Guatanamera (Girl from Guantanamo). In the far east of the island lies Baracoa, Cuba&#39;s oldest city. Rhythmic Caribbean paradise To fully experience Cuba, you will need to follow the rhythm of life. Here it unfolds slowly and without stress. Sometimes you wait in the store to the trader ends up talking with a neighbor from a nearby building that is almost not even blink when your reputation. Patience will be a virtue! And as the streets they live on, so sometimes in the evening quiet.
 However, this is just illusion, because life moves in bars, clubs and casas de la musica, and everything goes in the rhythm of any sona, salsa, rumba, chachachá and newer styles like hip hop reggaeton rhythms. Traditional Cuban music back to the origins of African customs. Son is known as a typical Afro-Cuban dance and music style, while the Rumba one of the most popular styles of music afrokubanskih. Despite the rich cultural heritage, Cuba is now known as the land which permeates only the rhythm of salsa, dance in recent years extremely popular in our country. Although many Cubans come out and dance salsa, misconception is that in Cuba all day dancing. If you go to Cuba in search of Latin American rhythms you&#39;ll find them, but maybe your expectations to meet. Ticket prices at the Casa de la Musica in Havana is around 10 CUC. Since each place has its own house music and cultural centers, it is best asked if the locals where to make searching for music.
 Kabaret and casas de la trova are another good way of having fun, you have the opportunity to visit the Tropicana Nightclub in Havana. Besides being the most famous in Cuba, and last year celebrated its seventy years since its opening, is certainly one of the more expensive tickets because the exit costs about 65 CUC. Still, worth seeing! SURE FIRST your stay in Cuba will be safe provided that you avoid the obvious suspect sites and to their personal and do not leave valuables in public places. Given the fact that tourists bring money into the country, have a sort of status &quot;protected species&quot;, so you should not be surprised if you are returning from a night out to the accommodation accompany the police officer who will wait to literally close the door behind him. WHEN YOU COME AND EXPERIENCE The best time to visit Cuba between December and May. Winter nights tend to be fresher and should bring clothes and long sleeves. Summers are hot and humid.
 Rain and hurricane season begins in the fall, so be sure to avoid coming between late August to early November. The temperature all year is between 20 and 28C. To celebrate Labour Day, 1 May, the Revolution Square in Havana held the largest parade in the country. We will stress the cultural week in Trinidad in January, the Carnival in Santiago in July, the 26th National Day July, the international festival &quot;Habana Hip-Hop&quot; in August, rural cultural festival in Ciego de Ávila when the dance and music competing blue and red groups of the city, the festival in Las Parrandas Remedios 24th December ... Health is another thing to be careful when you come to Cuba. Avoid running water to consume, during hot weather and long walks it is obligatory to supply. If you are sensitive to foods, avoid street &quot;snacks&quot;. Although local residents are properly taken, can not be sure how you react to them.
 Do you happen to accidents on the road, keep in mind that the conditions in the hospitals probably will not like it, even though Cuban doctors are known as skilled specialists ... Look for a private clinic or one intended for foreigners. In this kontektsu remind the travel health insurance, but does not note any benefits that may arise from it - just in case. Source: B92
 