The governors of central banks and financial regulators from 27 countries meeting in Basel have agreed a new, more restrictive rules in the banking industry, which is supposed to banks around the world to do more resistant to crisis, agencies report the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) announced late Sunday that at the meeting agreed on the so-called Basel II standards, whose implementation should prevent a repeat of the global financial crisis like the one from 2008. year. The new standards provide that banks should have a tier 1 ratio, or the adequacy of capital of 4.5 percent, an increase of 2.5 percent compared to the previous agreement known as Basel II, according to agency dpa. It is the ratio of bank capital to total, beset by risks, assets, and is considered a measure of the bank&#39;s ability to withstand future losses. The new agreement except to increase the share capital and provides other safeguards to ensure that the ratio of capital to total bank assets is not less than 7 percent.
 Basel agreement was reached almost two years after the collapse of U.S. investment bank Lehman Brothers, which has pushed the world into the deepest recession since World War II. The aim of new measures to strengthen the bank that a similar crisis would not be repeated. The agreement is the result of a compromise between U.S. banks and banks from Europe, which are generally less capitalized, and they will under the new Basel rules need to raise more capital. For example, one study showed that the largest ten German banks need to raise 105 billion U.S. dollars of capital. BCBS guidelines and not binding, but the previous agreements regulators in Basel and widely applied to them are the ruler of the world&#39;s leading financial institutions. The implementation of reforms will be a summit in November in Seoul to discuss the leaders of the major economic powers gathered in the G20. Analysts have estimated that the new rules will require banks to set aside huge amounts of potential new capital, keep more cash in hand to protect against bad times, and to limit lending if it appears that the economy is growing too fast.
 The aim is to create a banking system crisis-proof, immune to the cycles of boom and collapse that characterized developed economies, analysts say. But while bankers fear that the new system could slow economic recovery, prevent hundreds of billions of dollars of potential credit and, according to some estimates, reduce economic growth by several percentage points. Experts estimate that the new rules will increase the price loans, and difficulty of obtaining them. New standards will need the approval of national governments before introducing them into practice. Members of the BCBS, which operates since 1974., Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, South Korea, South Africa, Luxembourg, Mexico, Netherlands, Germany , Russia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, United Kingdom and the United States.
 