Author: Portal Jutarnji.hr Posted: 01.10.2010, &#39;If you want to kill the President, here I am. Kill him if you want. Kill me if you&#39;re brave enough, &quot;said Correa in his speech before he was kidnapped by rebel officers due to the abolition of benefits in the public service President of Ecuador Rafael Correa was rescued last night in action from the police hospital in the capital Quitou where he was held captive rebellious members of the police, the BBC reported. RELATED NEWS News Correa has been in hospital for treatment after being attacked by police with tear gas during a speech at the protest rally. The whole drama started on Thursday morning when police occupied several buildings, police stations and set up barricades across the country to protest benefit cuts in public services. Police officers and soldiers was bothered by the new law, passed in parliament on Wednesday to lift cash bonuses that come with each promotion in the army and police.
 It would also extend the time for getting a new promotion from five to seven years. TV stations broadcast the video materials that show police officers how to burn tires in the streets Quitoa, Guayaguila and some other South American cities and states. Also, police took several hours to the airport in the capital. Throughout the country were plundered banks, while schools and offices were closed. Peru and Colombia closed the border with Ecuador. In an emotional speech, which gave President Correa prompted the alarming situation in the country said: &quot;If you want to kill the President, here I am. Kill him if you want. Kill me if you&#39;re brave enough.&quot; A moment later, the president had to flee after the assembled demonstrators threw tear gas. He was taken to the police Bonica for review and treatment. Upon admission, the fugitive officers did not want to let him and considered him captive. Several hours later, rumors began to circulate that the hospital is against their will.
 In 18 hours, Correa in a telephone interview television station ECTV confirmed that officers disabled his body guards and kidnapped him. &quot;I will not cede a single step. I do not even cross my mind to sign any agreement under duress. Before I die. I thank her supporters for their support and ask citizens to remain calm,&quot; said Correa. As night fell, so did the streets of Ecuador capital city into a war zone. The army and police of a country at war with each other through the streets Quitoa. The Army is in a 21 hour night began rescue operations by attacking shock grenades, rubber bullets and police officers who were guarding the hospital where the president held captive. The encounter was killed was at least 5 members of the army, while the number of injured police officers is still unknown. Half an hour later the president was seen in the convoy as it returned to the presidential palace. &quot;This was a very sad day,&quot; he said, addressing the safety of his palace.
 Rafael Correa, 47-year-old economist educated in the United States, the government has taken the 2007th year and was re-elected 2009th Despite the huge financial debt which is currently in Ecuador. Number of recommendations: 4 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 