The largest turnover (50 296 KM) today noted Bosnalijek, mostly thanks to the new announcements Alvogena about taking this B &amp; H companies. Alvogen Inc., a company based in America, plans to become the majority shareholder Bosnalijek. The planned transaction would be one of the largest U.S. investments in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The company is currently in advanced negotiations with the largest shareholder Bosnalijek, the Government of the Federation. Robert Wessman, director Alvogena, a former general manager of a branch of Actavis Group, one of the largest manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products in the world. &quot;Our goal is to find the group of the ten largest manufacturers in the world, and Bosnalijek has a very important strategic role in our expansion in the territory of Europe,&quot; said Wessman. Alvogen grew up on the strong foundations of Norwich Pharmaceuticals in New York in this field has been active for more than 120 years.
 The company has its branches in eight countries and is focused on the development and manufacture of complex generic pharmaceutical products, in which the range of currently over 220 products. Alvogen has a first class regulatory, development and production capabilities in Asia, Europe and North America. &quot;We plan to Bosnalijek become our&quot; center of excellence &quot;for Central and Eastern Europe. We want to create new jobs, double the current manufacturing capacity Bosnalijek and bring new high-quality medications. Our center for growth and development, back office and distribution for the entire region, will have its headquarters in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Alvogen is distinguished by its high quality and dedication, and our strategy is to invest in BiH economy, both in human resources, as well as production facilities to bring them closer to the highest standards of quality. Business Bosnalijek well managed, and our strategy is to manage Bosnalijek remain in the hands of local staff.
 Our intention is to support and maintain Bosnalijek as a brand. This transaction also represents a significant milestone for BiH because it could encourage other U.S. companies interested in investing in the region, &quot;said Wessman. Bosnalijek Alvogen to represent the leading players in Central and Eastern Europe, with offices in 15 countries. &quot;One of the most attractive things about this partnership with the manner in which these two companies complement each other, because there is no conflict in terms of markets, products or production. We believe that this arrangement very appealing to the Government, and the adoption of American capital should be positive for the economy as a whole. We have a solid guarantee for our funds and all funds for this transaction from outside Bosnia and Herzegovina&#39;&#39;, said Wessman. Fena Add this article to your favorite online community
 