WASHINGTON - I am from New York who led the controversial project to build a mosque near &quot;Ground Zero-a&quot; (zero) on Thursday denied claims that it will change the location to turn pastor Terry Jones from Florida dropped out of burning the Koran, announced, announced Hina. Controversial pastor Jones said earlier on Thursday announced that the Imam Abdul Rauf Feiselom reach such agreement and to withdraw from the burning of the Koran, that after the denial Raufovog announced that it is after all still be burning. Pastor Jones told NBC News &quot;once again we came back a little back to the first point, after it became clear that there is nothing from the settlement of the relocation of the Islamic Cultural Center and mosque in Manhattan. &quot;I am glad that Pastor Jones decided not to burn the Koran. However, I have not spoken to him. I&#39;m surprised with his announcement. We are not playing with our or any other faith.
 Nor could we guess. We are here to provide arms to build peace and harmony, &quot;said Imam Rauf said. After the presentations, assistant pastor at the church Jonesovoj&quot; Dove World Outreach &quot;Center in Gainesville, said that the burning of the Koran just stopped.&quot; We did not cancel burning on Saturday, we stopped it, until we get confirmation on the information we gave today, &quot;said Wayne Sapp, assistant pastor and spokesman for the church. Pastor Jones is exposed to pressure the U.S. government to cancel the protest burning of the Koran, which has upset Muslims around the world. President Barack Obama, Defense Secretary Robert Gates, General David Petraeus and others have warned that such protests may bring attacks against U.S. troops in Afghanistan and elsewhere. Jones, the leader of a small Pentecostal church with about 30 members in Gainesvillu, planned burn copies of the Islamic holy book on Saturday, the ninth anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the U.S. 11th
 September 2001. The U.S. State Department on Thursday issued a global alert for the journeys, which invites Americans to watch for possible anti-American protests in some countries, in response to the planned burning of the Koran. Many American TV networks and other media reported on Thursday announced that they will transmit video footage or photographs of the burning of the Koran, if it still occurs on Saturday. Burning of the Koran bitno.ba
 