Since when in April 2009. right-wing coalition came to power in Israel, Education Minister Gideon Sa&#39;ar step by step changing the curricula and guidelines for the work of professors and teachers. So the schools do not mention the Oslo Peace Accords between Israel and the Palestinians, and children during a break in the yard not only listen to Israeli music. Freedom of expression is a privilege that Israeli teachers do not enjoy, and if you ask right, kids are on it should not even begin to get used to. Ram Cohen is director of the Aleph-school in Tel Aviv. This is an experienced educator in this new line of the Ministry of Education. He strives to provide our teachers and students allow them to freely express the opinion of the school, and simultaneously to prepare students for the political reality of their country. For him, this means first of all taking their own stand and neizbjegavanje embarrassing questions.
 Before his disciples Ram Cohen has strongly condemned, as he says, &quot;43-year Israeli occupation and rule over the lives of the Palestinian people.&quot; Bildunterschrift: The Israeli students must know about the checkpoints? Condemnation of the occupation of the Palestinian people to Israeli radio he said: &quot;We were on a field trip with students and their parents and at the same visit control points on the lines of demarcation between Israel and Palestine. We went with our eyes to see what life under occupation. This trip came out into the open to the public and the cause of many protests. A passion was further stirred by the fact that I recently suggested that religious Jews should serve in the military, which is not the case. &quot;And the director of a school in Herzliya was met with condemnation when he publicly criticized the recent provision of education Minister Gideon Sa&#39;ar that the Israeli army in propagates his school to go to military service.
 Attitudes like these are a thorn in the eye of many members of the ruling coalition and the conservative Likud Sa&#39;arovog. Therefore, the two directors had to appear before the disciplinary commission of the Ministry, where they were exposed to criticism like this: &quot;The school that 16-year-old pupils without the attitude and thinking leads to visit the check points, for me is impatient.&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Everyday life in the occupied territories - arrest, harassment ... Director Cohen replied that the school is required to prepare students for the army, so he considers it his duty to adequately prepare young people for what awaits them in the West Bank. Topo its view includes the fact that they step on the territory that was conquered in a war 43 years ago, that the area Israel has not &quot;liberated&quot; rather than occupied, and that the army daily violates human rights. Nationalist Trends Nationalistic trends in the Israeli newspapers were full enlightenment, since under the former minister, or representative of the Workers&#39; Party, Yulijom Tamir these things are not happening.
 Tamir is even, in spite of numerous resistance, failed to implement the decision to bring in school books about the so-called content. Green Line between Israel and the West Bank in 1967. year. The current changes in director Ram Cohen is openly opposed to &quot;simply not be possible that any new government, and each new minister, who comes to this function can completely change the educational ssustav and define it by its sole discretion, to paint green lines on the map as he pleases, to the next and then deletes them. The only one who can fight against the guidelines of the Ministry are the parents of students. &quot;Bildunterschrift: West coast surrounded by wire demokratksi These processes do not like the current minister Sa&#39;ar. Recently, on a number of university professors threatened severe punishments, because they advocated that scholars from other countries boycotting Israel as long as the occupation of Palestinian areas. &quot;Such attitudes are not accepted,&quot; said the current Israeli Minister of Education.
 The Israeli daily &quot;Ha&#39;aretz&quot; reported the decision of the Ministry of Education to the history textbooks for the next year totally kicked the lessons of the Oslo Agreement process with the Palestinians or the first Lebanon War of 1982. Instead, the curriculum provides for learning about the peace agreement with Jordan, and the last three decades, the migration of Jews to Israel. Authors: Clemens Verenkotte / Nelson Avdagić Re. ed.: Z. Arbutina
 