Bearing in mind the facts: Congress of North America in 2000, the organization most numerous group of Bosniaks in Diaspora, is taking the initiative to establish a Congress of the World with the aim of: - A unique and constructive Bosnians in exile have enough forces and resources together with the mother protecting the integrity of the territory for centuries BiH, as well as historically defined and internationally recognized decisions and agreements that are incorporated in the State Constitution of Bosnia and Herzegovina, as well as the role of supporting the reintegration and the reaffirmation of the Bosniak nation and the state of BiH as a place of coexistence of all those who appreciate the same as his. World Congress of Bosniaks as an organization in exile, has always in mind the need to protect the State of Bosnia and Herzegovina and all its citizens regardless of nationality or faith. As an organized force, Moslems will do everything necessary to relations between the citizens of Bosnia and Herzegovina based on mutual respect, respect for freedom of speech, freedom of religion and religious beliefs, the fight against poverty and for economic progress and prosperity.
 - Bosnians in exile have the intellectual, financial, lobbying, media and other facilities to be put into function preservation and advancement of the state of BiH as a community of all those who want to live in it equally, regardless of religious, cultural and other differences. - The Congress of the World (CHD) in addition to existing Bosniak organizations from North America to participate and Bosniak communities in Western Europe, Australia and Bosnia, as well as indigenous Bosnians originally from Serbia and the Sandzak, Montenegro, Macedonia, Slovenia and the Croatian, Kosovo, the citizens Bosnian origin from Turkey, who accept the program objectives and activities KBS exposed in a letter of intent, and his signature to become one of the participants in the realization of these historical ideas. Considering the above mentioned suggest that the KBS stands for: PROPOSAL FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF PROCEDURE AND SETTING ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE OF THE WORLD Congress of CONTACT PERSONS FOR ACCEPTANCE &quot;Letter of Intent&quot; Prim.
 Dr. Muhamed Saracevic, Chairman of the Board CNAB 2000, Founding Congress of the World. email: This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript Dr. Nedžib Sacirbey, President, Founder CNAB 2000 World Congress of Bosniaks. Email: This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript Prof. Džemo Hot, Coordinator CNAB 2000 for the preparation of the Constituent Assembly of Congress of the World Email: This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript Nihad Krupic, Vice CNAB 2000, Founder, Congress of the World Email: This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript Mr. Mujko Erovic, President of the Council coordination CNAB 2000 Assembly Congress of the World Email: This e-mail address is being protected from spam bots, you need JavaScript Letter of Intent (download)
 