A man was here in Syria the same man as in all other countries Khalil Gibran As soon as we landed at three in the morning in Damascus, I realized that it could be much worse: a woman at the airport were only moderately wrapped, put an end to the passport control within a reasonable time, through to the hotel through the window I saw a nice open Duæan autofelgama with the dealer to smoke in front Duæan, as he knows that life is such a devil that you &quot;wheel&quot; can go hell and four in the morning, and then, and only he, with the help of Allah, can get back on the road. Arabian night was warmer than my fears, and certainly dobroæudnija the attitude of U.S. President George Bush, to Syria in 2002. declared part of the &quot;Axis of Evil&quot;, bundled with Cuba and Libya (the main &quot;devils&quot; Iran, Iraq and North Korea) as a sponsor of international terrorism, because Urges and financed Palestinian Hamas and Lebanese Hezbollah, that &quot;Uncle Sam&quot; is considered terrorist organizations.
 However, one detail that does not belong to the good customs of the Western democracies could have perceived already at the airport, a detail that we will continually monitor and the following days: blue eyes, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The man in the eyes of Syria simply can not escape, because the president&#39;s portraits are literally everywhere: from check-in counters and passport windshield taxi that drove us to the hotel, from hotel lobby to a nearby èajdžinice where we drank coffee in the morning, the entrance to the Old City to Duæan storefront on a huge bazaar Al-Hamadiyyeh in which I almost bought a shirt with a picture of Zinedine Zidane head hitting Materazzi in the chest in the World Cup final, a shirt that is styled so that it sends a message of Muslim pride and triumph, as if Materazzi crusader of the 13th century, and Zidane as the martyr of the fatherland to the bumper of Islam ... About as those shirts where Boban are jumping on that policemen in Maksimir, with only slightly different to your usual meanings and mythical foes.
 By the end of the world the president&#39;s portrait around Damascus and Syria have the thousand, but they all boil down to three or four variants: the &quot;Great Leader in a suit,&quot; &quot;The Great Leader in uniform&quot;, &quot;great water with a gentle smile,&quot; and &quot;The Great Leader is absent gazing into the future. &quot; Only at a window near the Old City (the old part of Damascus) great water appeared in kuænom sweater, surrounded by his wife and children turned out to be - Duæan children&#39;s clothes. Who would of that innocent family portraits could conclude that the Syrian president has already held two years in jail several key opposition intellectuals in the country, since they feared preklani in May to sign a &quot;Declaration of Damascus&quot;, which sought the democratization of Syria? In Damascus (Arabic: Ash-Sham), we arrived tired, but it was a Friday prayer day in the Islamic world: thousands of votes from the early morning, broke windows and curtains Afamia hotels, and most roads led to the nearest mosque, located just across the street from the hotel , whose minarets are natkriljivali all in the neighborhood besides the great Sony commercials on top of neighboring buildings.
 Welcome to the Middle East, where Western technology mixes with the Islamic understanding of the world! This concept may be try to figure out buljeæi to showcase bookstore not far from the hotel, which are equal, one below the other, exposed to books of U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and al-Qa&#39;eda guru Osama bin Laden, until they close the company a real Hitler&#39;s &quot;Mein Kampf, &quot;in style&quot; eject intruders &quot;or&quot; Read everything, so choose your own side. &quot; As can be seen in the window adjacent Tourist Agency, Iran&#39;s national airline has already &quot;kicked the intruder&quot; on a large world map showing the routes and flights of Iranian passenger plane has uopæe America and the Atlantic Ocean &quot;razvuèen the&quot; right to the end of the world, or to the left edge of the map. Bruce Lee and Branko Mamula èajdžinici In the hotel, where we are in the morning and razbuðivali suoèavali with Buena everyday petmilijunske Arab capitals - where car horns are replaced by a &quot;turn signal&quot; because it is ignoring the &quot;flashers&quot; and &quot;right hand rule&quot; obviously a question of honor the Arab driver - already the first day naletjesmo the scenes &quot;soft Islam&quot;: men lead children by the hand, a young arab, like these two at the next table, enjoying the hookah smoking as being in Amsterdam, except that the head scarf and you have Nargilla not in hashish, but the apple tea.
 - The world is going hell - ruled Hollywood, seeing how the waiter tries around young gošæi while fanning them glow in the hookah. - In the good old days now bièevalo them, and this they are still smiling. In such a world, we immediately recognize as a &quot;European èuðenje&quot;, but people are generally thought to have the Italians or the Dutch. One of us would later drive from Beirut to Damascus and, after two hours of some kind of communication, the Lebanese-Syrian border police would like to introduce us - Ukrainians. When we first arrived in èajdžinicu, Omar, however, thought that we Poles. - Croatia? I know, I know. You are different than the Serbs, that they speak for me even prior to the war. When we looked at him dumbfounded, Omar is just shrugged his shoulders: - Well, I was studying in Zagreb. Relics of the former Yugoslavia&#39;s membership in the Non-Aligned Movement were visible on the large antique street manifestations before the National Museum, where you can find truly diverse literature, biographies of Bruce Lee to &quot;Windows 3.1&quot; from school textbooks in English to be careful now, the books of the former admiral JNA Branko Mamula &quot;Small Countries&#39; Defence&quot; (&quot;The defense of small countries&quot;).
 It was a time when the late Marshal Tito was friends with former Syrian ruler Hafiz al-Assad, father of President Bashar today. But Omar was not the only one who knew something about Croatia. When, for instance, one evening he entered into a Duæan the great bazaar near Al-Hamadiyyeh Omayad grand mosque (in the center is headed to the Basilica of St. John the Baptist., Which recognizes Islam as a prophet), and when I&#39;m with prodavaèevim friend Ahmed exchanged several kurtoaznih words such as &quot;where I&quot; type is clicked: - Wait, maj frend, that I have something from Hrovatije! - And the man removed from the pocket lighter with the inscription &quot;Split&quot; and the famous picture of the statue of Gregory of Nin. - Gas, Oil, maj frend - excited to Ahmed. - Gas, Oil, understand? - Oil? - I said. - Jes, oil! - Razdraga to Ahmed. - Ina, big company. - Jes - I say. - Big company. - Jes, maj frend - hug me Ahmed. - Jes. And what I, a man fell into sevdah, kissing me on the cheek, once, twice, thrice ...
 When he came up to eight times, for a moment I let go and immediately used by the seller of a friend to me and I throw in a hug and kissed me: once, twice, thrice ... all the ancient Arabic canon that public displays of affection ( hold hands, kiss cheek) allowed only within the same sex. No one talked about the trade, nor have I bought anything there, because Ahmed was completely tronut our acquaintance, and has already forged plans for how the two of us we&#39;ll go to his home Palmyra (antique city in the Syrian desert, a famous tourist destination) and there to ride camels . He did have six (Siks kamels, maj frend, Siks kamels &quot;), so you can take the wife and kids, if they have, indeed, what is it Tiee, we poae from the rate, as soon as I smoke a cigarette. - Ina, Big COMPANY! - Klièe my new friend, moved to tears. During that time, Pero in neighboring Duæan passing Calvary, until he withdrew from the store, realizing that the boss totally drunk and that he is only interested in discussing politics.
 - Croatia pam-pam - the boss says Peri, imitirajuæi shooting a rifle. - Syria pam-pam. Bush is krejzi. Ar Maslo it? - I - Pero said. - Croatia is a country Kristjan. - OK, it does not matter - the boss says. - But Bush is krejzi. Janjeæa head on a gas burner Such conversations have been possible only on the so-called. official within the Old City&#39;s bazaar, because outside the walls of the old part of Damascus, the so-called. Domestic bazaar not far from the cemetery (which is located in the middle of town), nobody alive can not speak English, and the tourists show up only if you wander, as it happened to your reporter. The word &quot;lively&quot; here is gentle: some guy cooks janjeæu head on a gas burner on the bare pavement, others do it in barrels baked liver and intestines, street manifestations scribes compiled letters and petitions for his illiterate fellow citizens who stand patiently in line, shoemakers and other craftsmen scribble and beautiful open-air and everywhere spreading intense smell of oriental spices and roasted coffee, much sharper than the &quot;tourist bazaar,&quot; and nobody, absolutely nobody in the crowd prašinastoj does not speak English, as are all exclusively in Arabic inscriptions so that kebab you to order only by demonstrating the finger, uzdajuæi in Allah that what you get is not too differently than what you wanted ... how many people it happened when they realized they were born in the Middle East.
 In IDUÆEM follows: by night life in the fourth dynasty kršæanskoj Al-Assad • • Syria, officially Syrian Arab Republic, the Constitutional Planning presidential republic, even after 1946th liberated by the French colonial government. Until 1970. the country was ruled by Arab nationalists and Socialists from panarapske Ba&#39;ath party (which is to overthrow Saddam Hussein was in power in neighboring Iraq), and then to power, coup, came to the then Minister of Defense Hafiz al-Assad, a member of the minority Shiite sect Alawita , who reigned until his death in 2000th (Where in 1998. Won the election for a fifth seven-year term with a &quot;respectable&quot; 99.9 percent of the vote), only to be succeeded by his son Bashar, the current Great Leader. • • Sunni majority in Syria extends over 185 000 square km (including the Golan Heights, which has since 1967. Under Israeli occupation), and among the 20 million inhabitants vast majority Eine Arabs (90 percent), with some Kurds, Armenians, Bedouins and Turks while in the capital Damascus and the lives of the remaining 1000 members nekoæ large Jewish community.
 In religious terms Eine majority Sunni Muslim (74 percent), which consists of the business elite, followed by Shiite Muslims, or Alawiti (12 percent), kršæani all the &quot;Fela&quot;, the Armenian and Orthodox grèkih the Maronites and Catholics (9-10 percent ) and Druze (3 percent). More than 15 percent of the adult population is illiterate Syria, and in the structure of employed women is only 20 percent.
 