12/07/2010 Thousands of people gathered on Sunday to one hundredth novoidentificiranih buried the victims of the massacre in Srebrenica in 1995. Hasan Nuhanovic, who was in the genocide in Srebrenica was left without both parents and only brother, recently filed a lawsuit against the Dutch battalion commander, in charge of the UN refuge. In an exclusive interview with double brought his memories regarding the tragedy of 1995. Adisa Busuladžić Sarajevo for Southeast European Times - 12/07/10 Bosnian women mourn over the coffin before rođakovim mass funeral was held on Sunday, 11 July to 15 anniversary of the massacre. [Getty Images] Hasan Nuhanovic was tall, skinny 42-year-old Bosniak. His glasses with metal frames and bright seamless way, inherited from the mother, does not reveal his age. His firm but unobtrusive attitude hides his suffering. Thanks to the excellent knowledge of English, high intelligence and almost fanatičnoj commitment to work in the last 17 years performed a series of solid-paying jobs in various international organizations in Bosnia and Herzegovina (BiH).
 After a hard day at work, happy to be relaxing, playing rock on his acoustic guitar or chatting with friends with beer - even though you never want to even taste one of the best known brands because the products in the Netherlands and was consumed by UN peacekeepers in Srebrenica. &quot;Give me anything!&quot; He says firmly, so that the waiter and guests in adjacent chairs drew. &quot;Bring me any more beer! Does not concern me that is not how much it costs.&quot; Those who know him described Hassan as a great colleague, a devoted husband and father, and one of the finest human beings that have ever met. However, the rest of the world known as the most famous survivor of the Srebrenica genocide. Family vow If you enter into Google the name of Hasan Nuhanovic seeking pictures or personal information, you will find a photo of his parents, which always keeps with him. Photo taken 1989th and 1990th shows his father, 47-year-old Ibar, director general of the local factories for processing wood, smiling to the camera and gently hugged her harmonious and beautiful 42-year old wife of ours.
 Life could not be better. Hasan, their eldest son, he studied at the University of Sarajevo in order to gain the title of Mechanical Engineers. His brother Mohammed attended high school. The family had many reasons to be happy and even more reasons for faith in the future. And then everything changed. In the spring of 1992. In Bosnia war broke out. Nuhanovic were narrowly avoid a massacre 1992nd , when Bosnian Serb forces massacred 2600 Bosniaks in Vlasenica. From his family fled the city by car, thankful that this weekend Hasan came home from Sarajevo, so he could go with them. Have found refuge in the house Ibrinog brothers at Srebrenica. Upcoming siege by Bosnian Serb forces were exposed to heavy shelling, sniper gunfire and starvation. However, the UN Security Council and in the spring 1993rd adopted Resolution 819, under which the Srebrenica became a &quot;protected area, which should be free from any armed attack or other act of aggression&quot;.
 Came the first group of UN forces for peacekeeping. Hasan with them soon hired as a translator. The following are two years Nuhanovic and other inhabitants of Srebrenica were living in relative peace, and the Serb infantry and artillery on the surrounding hills are mostly dormant. They were forbidden to leave the UN &quot;protected areas&quot;. Bosnian Serb army in July 1995. suddenly detonate their weapons and went on the offensive. Hoping to be a UN force to protect, Nuhanovic have sought refuge in a UN base in Potocari. 5000-6000 were among the civilians who managed to enter the base before the peacekeepers, who represented the Dutch battalion chief and close all other entrances, leaving about 20,000 people at the mercy of the Bosnian Serb forces. Abandoned &quot;protected area&quot; Hasan&#39;s family was with him as he continued to perform his job as a translator at the Dutch battalion.
 The base felt safe, although in the distance heard screams and gunshots. There are two days listening to other people tell stories of brutal executions carried out directly outside the base. And then they heard the terrible words that their son had to translate. &quot;Hasan, tell your family to leave immediately&quot;, he ordered a Dutch soldier young Bosnians. While the broadcast message, Hasan had tears fill the eyes. They knew just how to do his job. While the Dutch soldiers followed them towards the exit, Hasan was screaming in protest of Dutch officers. Finally his mother, father and brother shouted: &quot;I&#39;m going with you!&quot; His 19-year-old brother Mohammed proderao: &quot;Do not go with us, you stay here, you have that option!&quot; Similar articles Loading Hasan them at the time last seen alive. The Dutch ordered all 5,000 people leave the base. Standing with the UN forces, the Serbian troops out there welcoming them, and men and boys separated from their wives, mothers and sisters.
 Separation of civilians were still in progress when the Dutch soldiers boarded in their white armored personnel carriers, trucks and SUVs, clearly marked with black letters UN. Hasan water with you and a handful of other employees from among the local population, leaving the &quot;safe area&quot; for whose protection they were responsible. The last image that Hassan remembers the view through the rear window of vehicles of the UN, which he carried to safety, while the civilians standing in front of the Potocari base, surrounded by heavily armed Serbian troops. There was no trace of the Dutch presence in addition to numerous beer cans and bottles scattered on the ground. The story of Hasan Nuhanovic will continue to SETimes Tuesday. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 