Because death pomoænog coach and bus driver in the attack which happened on Friday, Togo decided to leave the African Cup of Nations. African Football Confederation (CAF) announced on Saturday that the Togo Football Federation has agreed to match their group B in an African Nations Cup play, but in another place. The bus came under fire as soon as he came to Angola on Friday, and responsibility for the attack has taken Enclave Liberation Front Cabindae (FLECO), which has threatened further attacks and during the tournament. Togo had previously announced that it considers whether his team will remain in an African Nations Cup after Friday on the bus with their players executed terrorist attack in which a driver was killed and two injured players. The bus came under fire as soon as he came to Angola on Friday, and responsibility for the attack has taken Enclave Liberation Front Cabindae (FLECO), which has threatened further attacks and during the tournament.
 A spokesman for the CAF and said that Togo officials approached with a request that the match of their Group B play somewhere else, not in Cabinda. - The situation under consideration, but it is very difficult to organize something like this in the FAZ. Now in Cabinda (where they play matches in Group B African Cup of Nations) held a lot of meetings and a lot of officials considering the whole situation. Whatever happens we will not to risk the lives of footballers - the spokesman said the CAF&#39;s. Unless security conditions will not occur Togo Togo Players consoled each other Looks are quite unlikely that other teams would agree to play their match in Cabinda. The media on Saturday reported that three of Togo football Serge Akakpo, Serge Gakpe and Kodjo Obilale injured in the attack on Friday. He defended Akakpo, who plays for Romanian club Vaslui, was shot twice while backup goalkeeper Kodjo Obilale French club GSI Pontivyja also wounded.
 - If the security situation does not guarantee our safety, we leave - told the BBC team captain Emmanuel Adebayor of Togo. Togo is the so-or else. &#39;Group of death&#39; with Ghana, Ivory Coast and Burkina Fasom the first match was supposed to play against Ghana on Monday. African Nations Cup starts on Sunday, Angola match against Mali. Togo still leaves the African Nations Cup Menu That Hubert Velud said a French agency that the whole team in an airport where aircraft waiting to return home in Lome best game of the Togo national team captain Emmanuel Adebayor returns to England and will not perform at the African Cup of Nations Angola after an armed attack on a bus with the players that took two lives. Although Togo has not officially withdrawn from the African Nations Cup, Manchester City is attacked has decided to return to England, published a Web site City. - He is coming back from Angola, but now we do not know how and at what flight.
 We are constantly about Emmanuel and know that they will follow his example suigraèa majority - said a spokesman for the club. Togo at any cost does not want to stay in Cabinda, where on Monday had to play first match with Ghana. The bus with the players and professional Staff mitraljiran after crossing the border, and the responsibility assumed FLECO separatist organization that fights for the independence of Cabinda exclaves and that armed action is announced during the African Nations Cup which begins on Sunday. Killed and auxiliary trainer in the attack were wounded defending Serge Akakpo, a member of the Romanian Vasluia and backup goalkeeper Kodjo Obilale from French club GSI Pontivy, and died auxiliary coach and spokesman, and allegedly the driver of a bus. Menu Toga Hubert Velud said a French agency that the whole team in an airport where aircraft waiting to return home in Lome. At the same time, the coach of English Premiership club Hull City&#39;s Phil Brown has called on his players Gabonca Daniel Cousin and Nigerian Seyi Olofinjana to return to England because of the security situation in Angola out of control.
 