If you already have many times had the opportunity to (re) install Windows, you must have a very well-known need for installing a program that the operating system to communicate with computer components, such as sound and graphics card. It is, of course, the driver (drivers) that are necessary for the proper operation of each device, but also for its optimal utilization. Although most devices will be duly recognized already during the installation of Windows, for some devices you&#39;ll need later to install drivers, which usually entails hard work, &quot;digging&quot; the crowd drives and / or the official site of the manufacturer are looking for a suitable driver version. But what to do if you need to reinstall Windows, drivers and more Do not you find it? How to find drivers? In the reported case is one of the simplest solution might represent the use of specialized tools like DriverMax, which will in a few mouse clicks to create a backup copy of all (or some) drivers to them after reinstalling Windows can elegantly restored.
 Installation file in the current version (5.3) of the free program, size 3.1 MB, can be downloaded from the site http://small.drivermax.com/soft/dmx/drivermax.exe. At the end of installation, DriverMax will inform you of any (single) index of all available drivers, so please wait a few minutes before the first start and then click Finish. The program interface is very simple, clear and requires no more than a few moments to become acquainted with the manner of its use. In addition, if you move the mouse pointer over any tool within the designated categories on the left side of the main window, you can check the speed of its basic function. However, before you start using DriverMax, you&#39;ll have to go through several steps (free) registration - in the lower left corner of the window click on the Not registered - please click here, and with the help of User Registration Wizard, create a new account (I would like to Create a new account), enter your user name, password and e-mail address at which you receive mail with a link to validation in order to successfully activate your account.
 Back up after we get rid of this little formality, we can finally tackle the next step - making a backup driver. First of all, in the main window, select DriverMax Driver backup and restore and click on the option Backup drivers. Using the wizard to create backups, the new dialog box, click Next and wait a few moments to make the program listed all the devices and their drivers found. If you want to backup all the drivers, select the Select all or only a tick next to those for which you are absolutely sure that you will need after reinstalling Windows. After that click on Next again to save the designated drivers in a folder (options Export all selected drivers to a folder) or store them in a ZIP file (Export all selected drivers to a compressed ZIP file). By choosing one of these options will start a program with saving the driver in the selected folder - which could take several minutes - and then offer you to look at the details of the procedure to save the log file (View log) and / or open a folder with archived drivers before you burn to CD / DVD media.
 Of course, keep in mind that DriverMax will save only the drivers, not the additional applications that may have been distributed with certain devices and their drivers. If you restore the drivers after creating and saving a backup driver reinstall Windows (and DriverMax), the next step we would consist of restoring the drivers. In the main window, first select Driver backup and restore and click on the option Restore from backup drivers. Using the Import Wizard (Import Drivers wizard), the new dialog box, click Next and select whether you want to install drivers stored in a particular folder (option Import all drivers from a folder) or ZIP file (Import all drivers from a compressed ZIP file) . After a few moments, the program will list backupirane drivers, and choose Select all if all you intend to import, or just a tick next to those you think you need.
 Finally, left you to confirm your selection, possibly put a checkmark next to Create a restore point before installing the driver if you suspect that you may need an option to restore the system state prior to installing the drivers and just click Next to DriverMax could begin returning designated drivers. Of course, instead of a single restart for each installed driver on completion of their installation process you will need to restart the computer only once. Although other useful options are for the purposes of this paper restrict only to describe the process of making backup drivers and restore their ways, DriverMax can easily be used for the generation of detailed reports about hardware (Detailed hardware information), all the drivers installed (Installed drivers report), but and to update the drivers (Check online for driver updates) and identification of hardware devices that are not identified (Identify unknown hardware).
 If you want to later return to the previous version of drivers, you can use Driver Rollback option or simply choose Restore points to restore the system state prior to installing the drivers. Of course, the latter alternative would be applicable only if you have to restore the drivers opted to create restore points. (Gordon Struić)
 