20/05/2010 Leading business school based in Switzerland, said Wednesday its annual Competitiveness in the world, covering dozens of industrialized economies and gospdarstava in development. (Finfacts, Sofia News Agency - 20/05/10; Bloomberg, Reuters, AFP, ANA-MPA, Dnevnik.bg, instititut International Development Management - 19/05/10) Countries such as Greece, Portugal and Spain have a credibility problem due to lack of resources needed for repayment of debt, according to a report by IMD. [File] Greece was ranked highest among the five countries jugistočne Europe (SEE) involved in the year of the research competitiveness by Wednesday (May 19) published by the International Institute for Management Development (IMD). Greece moved up six positions to 46 seats, in the Yearbook of competitiveness in the world of business schools based in Lausanne, where this year ranked 58 industrialized economies and economies in development.
 Despite the current difficulties and the debt crisis with a deficit, Greece is the only one in his group, which improved its position in relation to last year. However, it could lose a certain advantage in future assessments because of a serious crisis that we are currently facing. Storm creditworthiness affecting southern Europe acts as a barrier effect of Spain (to 36th place) and Portugal (in 37th place), while for Greece the effect of the recently approved austerity measures not included in the results, &quot;says the study. &quot;Unfortunately, we can expect that these three countries, which are all confronted with a significant budget deficit, rising debt and poor performance in trade, continue to deal with further recession this year.&quot; IMD analyzes and ranks the countries included in the survey based on 327 criteria, divided into four competitive factors, including economic performance, government efficiency, business efficiency and infrastructure.
 The research is Singapore, Hong Kong and the United States cited as the most competitive country in the world. Better placement of Greece this year reflects its progress in each of these individual categories, except on government effectiveness, which fell one place to 54 place. Of the other four countries in Europe jugistočne involved in the IMD competitiveness index this year, Romania has kept his 54 in the world, while Bulgaria, Croatia and Turkey have lost a certain edge. Similar articles Loading While all four are ranked lower than Greece, and near the bottom of the table, none of them belongs to a group of 18 countries of the so-called &quot;sinner&quot; to be sučeljavati the &quot;curse of debt&quot; at least another decade. Turkey, whose public debt in 2009. surpassed 46 percent of GDP, fell one place to 48 place in the world. The second most competitive economy among the countries of Southeast Europe after Greece, Turkey has improved its ranking in three invidualna competitive factors, but fell by six positions to 37th place, with regard to business efficiency.
 Bulgaria, which according to previous research MDI-38 was a country in the world in terms of specificity, has lost 15 positions and closed at 53 place this year. Bulgaria, however, is the only country in Southeast Europe, which is classified in the group of countries whose public debt in 2009. amounted to less than 20 percent of their GDP. Croatia has slipped three positions to 56 seats, making it the lowest ranigranom countries of Southeast Europe in the new Index of concreteness. Together with Romania, it is among the 18 countries included in the study whose public debt in 2009. amounted to between 20 and 40 per cent of GDP. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 