Although his vice hiding like a snake feet, it is known that the U.S. president Barack Obama a heavy smoker. As a big fan of cigarette smoke, and maybe sometimes smoke Cuban cigars, which, however, can not be legally purchased in U.S. stores. America and Cuba, two neighboring countries, for a long time do not have normal diplomatic and economic relations so that all the shops, which officially does not exist, taking place through third countries. While Americans may be missing a great cigars and Cuban rum, Cubans really missing anything. Recently I was Raul Castro intervened to improve market supply of Cuban ordinary toilet paper. Although the United States for more than 47 years holding a strict sanctions against communist Cuba, it seems that the &quot;severity jenkijevsko training&quot; at the end. Support for the world as it was once communist Cuba was alone, and almost the entire American continent against it, so today the United States all osamljeniji in its Cold War doctrine of the &quot;Castro&#39;s island.&quot;
 Not only are Americans from the northern and southern hemispheres against sanctions, but the whole world stood up against them. Thus, the United Nations almost unanimously urged the U.S. to lift sanctions. You could say that this is one of the toughest defeats U.S. in the UN. Even the 187 states voted for the abolition of sanctions, while they were only against the United States, its main ally Israel and Palau small Pacific states. Pressure-right American sanctions against Cuba was introduced by President Kennedy has 1962nd , and his successors are only tightened the noose around the already weak Cuban economy. This was sponsored and quite strong, some would say, extreme Cuban exile community in Florida, which has always advocated for a strong-arm policy toward Castro. Many American presidents during the campaign promised to be a little stronger so he had rolled up his hand. Barack Obama has found a rather strained relations with Cuba. He wants them to grow warmer, but it requires the fulfillment of certain conditions such as respect for human rights and allow multiparty elections.
 As a sign of good will Obama has allowed the U.S. Cubans to travel to their ancestral home without the restrictions and allow them to send financial aid to relatives. Obama has been under heavy pressure from right wing, which he complained that yielding to foreign policy, especially toward Cuba. It is certain that it will take a while outwitting the giant capitalist America and Communist Cuba dwarf. Castro brothers would give up everything, not just communism. So could happen to Obama before quit than Cuban cigars legally arrive in Washington.
 