It was a bad month for Israel. Although the news of the Israeli commando attack on a humanitarian convoy to Gaza, which killed nine activists in Croatia remained virtually no echo, this is not the case in other countries. Every day is a new group to advertise its support and sponsorship for humanitarian fleet - from Iran and Turkey to Ireland - and recently, even a group of German Jews: &quot;We want to break up the occupation of Gaza and the West Bank,&quot; she said in the German magazine &quot;Der Spiegel &quot;Kate-Leiterer Katzenstein, a member of the Executive Board of the organization European Jews for a Just Peace, which organized the mission. &quot;We as Jews, the Palestinians want to make something else and not bombs!&quot; In addition to the fleet, there were other noticeable forms of protest. Sweden is in protest launched a week-long boycott of Israeli ships, (with Carl Bildt&#39;s opposition), and many musicians and groups have also decided to stay away from Israel.
 The Pixies, the American rock band recently canceled a concert in Tel Aviv, followed by the rapper Gil Scott-Heron, Carlos Santana and Elvis Costello, who explained his decision as a matter of &quot;instinct and conscience,&quot; adding that &quot;there are those who live in the hope that music is something more than mere noise and fulfilling leisure, regardless of whether it is intended to exalt or complain ... there are occasions when only your name added to the concert schedule can be interpreted as a political act that resonates more and more powerful than any singing and when we could assume that someone has no conscience, in addition to the suffering of the innocent. &quot;It was an unusual coincidence when they are about the same time in mid-May, the Israeli authorities banned Noam Chomsky, renowned linguist and unrelenting critics of Israeli foreign policy, that of Jordan went to the area of the West Bank. Israeli official sources explained that case as &quot;nehotimièan.
 We have the same problem in Croatia, and it should not be tolerated because, regardless of &#39;party lingo, &quot;Discrimination is discrimination, whether carried out against the Bosnians, Roma, Israel, believers, Muslims, or èudnovatim curves against Kerumovih voters, which, according to a statement kretenskoj osramoæenog commentator Davor Butkoviæa, &#39;do not like theater&#39; Julienne Bušiæ and writers have also responded. In its special edition of the holy week of Israel&#39;s book, &quot;Haaretz&quot; is the second June 2010. Article quoted Margaret Atwood, winner of the Booker Prize, which he called a &quot;shadow&quot; supposing the &quot;situation&quot;. &quot;Shadow,&quot; she writes, &quot;are not Palestinians. The shadow of the Israeli treatment of Palestinians, coupled with Israel&#39;s own fears. What is worse with the Palestinians act on behalf of those fears, it is a shadow spreading and growing, and so fears with her, and the need and justification for righteous actions are multiplied. &quot;This article is another peculiar coincidence or maybe it was just the act of intuition because it was written a week before the attacks on humanitarian convoys and only then released.
 One of the most controversial reactions regarding attacks on humanitarian convoys has been the case many years of political news rapporteur, 89 Annual Helen Thomas, born American and daughter of Lebanese immigrants kršæanskih. We who have for years looked at a press conference from the White House remember the distinct appearance of a woman who, out of respect for her advanced age, still sat in the first place. According to opinion of many, her analysis of all moguæih foreign political cases were keen, professional and uncompromising, but her recent comments on Israel have led, however, a sudden retirement. On the occasion of the month of the Jewish heritage, he is also a time for celebrating the events in the White House, taped statements about Israel among the various guests to your web page. Helen Thomas asked for an opinion and she replied: &quot;Tell them, let them go to hell in Palestine. Remember, these people are occupied.
 And it&#39;s their country. This is not Germany, not Poland. &quot;Rabin was asked where would the Jews living in Israel should go. &quot;I can go home to Poland, Germany,&quot; Thomas replied, &quot;... in America, anywhere else.&quot; Shortly thereafter, her employers were canceled, izjavljujuæi that does not want more to do with it, nor can &quot;justify its comments, &quot;despite its apology, in which he expressed regret for the comments and said they were not sufficiently expressed its belief&quot; that peace will come to the Middle East only when all parties recognize the need for mutual respect and tolerance. &quot;But whether to apply the same standards and statements about the Palestinians, meksièkim Americans and African-Americans? U.S. Rep. Gresham Barrett has called for an expulsion of all immigrants coming from &quot;terrorist countries,&quot; state Sen. Jake Knotts called Nikki Haley, a potential governor of South Carolina, and, by the words, &quot;kršæanskog Sikhs,&quot; J. .... rag heads &quot;, (aludirajuæi derogatory to the turban worn by Sikhs), the former presidential candidate Mike Huckabee has called on Palestinians to leave Israel, and editor of &quot;New Republic&quot;, Marty Peretz, said that Palestine was a &quot;complete fiction&quot;, and so forth and so on, and All these statements without filing any consequences.
 So while it is unfair to mention the people of Israel living in Israel since the birth of return to countries where their ancestors lived, (the right to that logic Americans should be forced to return to Europe after their ancestors were kidnapped by U.S. Indians land?), Very uznemirujuæa the knowledge that is allowed to defame and denigrate one but not the other. Reactions to such a statement demonstrates a complete media bias, when on a bias, with the right to immediately respond to oppress them, while others allow you to take a swing wildly. We have the same problem in Croatia, and it should not be tolerated as despite the party&#39;s lingo, &quot;Discrimination is discrimination, whether carried out against the Bosnians, Roma, Israel, believers, Muslims, or èudnovatim curves against Kerumovih voters, which, according to a statement kretenskoj osramoæenog commentator Davor Butkoviæa, &quot;do not like theater.&quot;
 