Užasavajuæi video that shows people how to watch the crowd to death premlaæuje two teenage brothers, aroused a mass demonstration in Pakistan. The footage was shown on television news channel in Pakistan, and it is obvious that a bunch of young men premlaæuje. Brothers were beaten with sticks on their bodies was visible blood, and their lifeless bodies were hung on poles in the background. It is shocking precisely because none of the crowd, even the cops did not try to stop this bloody attack. Video smaknuæa public HERE. It is believed that before the attack boys went to play cricket in Lahore, the eastern part of Punjab and that they were swapped for attackers pljaèkaše over which they wanted to carry out brutal justice for robberies that occurred last Sunday. The crowd watched premlaæivanje and hanging scenes from the video were astonished that the Pakistanis are wondering how possible it is their society passively watched a shocking murder without intervention.
 The footage was shown on television news channel in Pakistan, and it is obvious that a bunch of young men premlaæuje. Brothers were beaten with sticks on their bodies was visible blood, and their lifeless bodies were hung on poles in the background. It is shocking precisely because none of the crowd, even the cops did not try to stop this bloody attack. The government has responded to fierce attack after the civil associations condemned the killing, a young organize demonstrations. After being discovered all the details related to this crime, it became clear that the seventeen year old Moiz Butt and his brother fifteen Muneeb were not thieves. - They had prayed and gone to the cricket doruèka noseæi bag with equipment - said a senior government official Mujahid Sherdil. Boys were the sons of men from the middle class who worked in a factory for making footballs. Older Moiz was awarded with the title &quot;Hafiz&quot; because he had memorized the Muslim holy book, Quran.
 Armed robbery as a source of conflict and violence, armed robberies which are believed to have been a source of conflict and the motive for the murder occurred near the cricket grounds where the boys played, and in addition to residents and policemen were on guard. When the boys with their bags to appear in court, they thought they pljaèkaši. In the end it turned out that the boys play cricket every day in this field, located about a mile from their home. Besides the bloody bodies of boys, video shows and a bunch that can easily recognize a few faces, including several police officers in uniform. Punjab police chief Tariq Saleem explained that the government has commissioned two separate inquiries into the murders. Armed robberies, which were believed to be the source of conflict and the motive for the murder occurred near the cricket grounds where the boys played, and in addition to residents and policemen were on guard.
 When the boys with their bags to appear in court, they thought they pljaèkaši. In the end it turned out that the boys play cricket every day in this field, located about a mile from their home. - This case is very horrible and should be condemned. All participants, including police officers will be arrested soon-police chief, said Saleem. Has already arrested suspects and ten o&#39;clock, and among them a four policemen. - This is a crime that you have no civilized society can not afford. Full Pakistan wants people who are involved in this crime are punished. Also, the nation believes that criminals should be hanged in the same place where they killed the brothers-the minister said Rehman Malik. The murder of two boys has happened to the Pakistani government at a time when izvlaèi from other crises, including the worst floods in recent years. This crime has been further knocked confidence in the government.
 For more, see the attached video boy slain mob gathered in front of eyes
 