After the U.S. Agency for the Evaluation of securities by Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s Greek government bonds fell for another category, the government of Athens was indeed on the verge of insolvency. Investors around the world are just one letter in B minor - rating was changed from BBB + to BB + - received a specialist agency that no longer talking about &quot;average good role, but during the worsening overall economic conditions can be calculated with the problems,&quot; but of &quot;speculative role in which, in case of problems, can count on that debt will not be refunded. In other words - it&#39;s become junk, &quot;Garbage&quot; from which it is wise to better keep your fingers away, and Athens is the only remaining promise exorbitant interest rates to come at all until the loan. Bildunterschrift: These assessments are facing the state and prime ministers feel helpless as prvoškolci. And Spain has received a lower grade than it had until this week, the Agency - the only remaining world superpower? Simultaneously with the new estimate of Greece - but also by lowering the rating of Portugal, picked up and dust themselves around U.S. agencies that do have such power to decide the fate of the state.
 Indeed, in the mid nineties, the New York Times columnist wrote: &quot;There are only two world powers: the United States and agencies to evaluate securities. And believe me, it is not always clear who of them has a higher power.&quot; At first such independent agencies were more than necessary: the capital market in the 19th century was full of tricks of all kinds of companies that existed only on paper and seemingly solid investors who are trying to reach easily undeserved wealth. Since it was a time in America when a huge money earned on transactions with rail, 1868th published &quot;Handbook on the railways in the United States.&quot; The author of this handbook is named Henry Varnum Poor - and yes, he is just one of the fathers by Standard &amp; Poor&#39;s who is now Greece and brought before the wall. On the next page Larger Pope of Popes
 