Author: Martin Hrupić Posted: 22.02.2010 While Israel calls for sanctions and threaten to attack Iran announces construction of new nuclear plants JERUSALEM - Israel on Sunday unveiled a fleet of new unmanned aircraft Heron TP, which can remain in the air all day and reach Iran. The new aircraft has a wingspan of 26 meters and the size of a Boeing 737 passenger and the largest pilotless aircraft in the Air Force&#39;s fleet of Israel. Although it resembles its predecessor Heron, air may stay longer, even 24 hours, and fly at an altitude of 12 000 meters. This means that it is almost unreachable for air defense. RELATED NEWS Air Force News San Although Israeli officials present rate as the realization of &quot;a strong air force&quot;, refused to disclose how many such aircraft Israel has even if designed for an attack on Iran. Explained only to adapt to new missions and could be a useful tool against Iran because they can be used for gathering intelligence, disrupting enemy communications and be a &quot;bridge&quot; between the country and control aircraft operated piloti.Unatoč lack confirmation, presentation of Heron TP podgrijalo the rumors about a possible Israeli attack on Iran.
 What will China say? Israel has already several times, including last month, mentioned the possibility of an attack on Iran if international pressure on the State Boards that do not result. The decision, however the new sanctions is expected during the next month, a key will be the attitude of China, which has so far opposed sanctions. Israel considers Iran a strategic threat because of its nuclear program, progrm development of long range missiles and the statements of Iranian officials for Israel to be erased from the face of the earth. Such statements give President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, has recently joined him as the supreme religious leader Ali Khamenei. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday urged the international community to impose an embargo on fuel to Iran. Tehran has in fact oil, but does not have sufficient capacity to produce fuel. Strong use of sanctions - what is certain is that the sanctions must be applied, and now - &quot;Netanyahu said. On the other hand, in Iran, as if nothing happens, announced plans to build two new facilities for enriching uranium in the mountains to protect them from attack.
 They said they do not intend to start a war, but it would &quot;vigorously&quot; to respond to any attack. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, however, yesterday warned that preduhitrujući Israeli attack on Iranian nuclear facilities was &quot;a disaster of unpredictable consequences.&quot; Number of recommendations: 4 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 