Chinese Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi on Saturday urged the United States, to &quot;be cautious about this very sensitive issue and that respects the sovereignty and territorial integrity of China, and not to give false statements.&quot; U.S. has increased since the Asian diplomacy led by the U.S. administration, Barack Obama and fears that it could be excluded from groups such as the EAS, while China is expanding its diplomatic and economic presence. EAS in the shadow of conflict of giants, however, this year&#39;s summit, the fifth since the establishment of EAS in 2005., Overshadowed by a dispute China and Japan over maritime territory. Relations between the two countries have deteriorated last month when Japan captain kept the Chinese KOćARICA that collided with a Japanese coast guard ship in disputed waters in the East China Sea. Collision occurred near the islets, which are called Diaoyu Chinese, and Japanese Senkaku. Both sides claimed the islands for several decades, which takes territorial dispute.
 The incident began as political disputes between countries that are still ongoing. Clinton has proposed a trilateral meeting of the United States, China and Japan on which to try to ease tensions. She also said that the U.S. stands for peaceful resolution of maritime disputes in accordance with international law. The world must not depend on China - we are very clearly told both sides that want to lower the temperature - said an American official after meeting Clinton and Chinese Minister of Foreign Affairs on the edge of the summit. U.S. wants to &quot;return to normal relations between Japan and China and to take steps to restore confidence,&quot; he added. Clinton expressed satisfaction at the assurances that China will continue to export rare minerals, but said she still believes that the world needs to develop alternative supplies. Asian giants Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan, said Saturday that he was convinced that Japan and China can cooperate and to maintain the good relations between the two largest Asian economies is very important for the stability of Asia and the world.
 U.S. and Russia, who are meeting in Hanoi guests of honor, accepted the invitation to attend the next EAS in as a member. Both countries have accepted and confirmed to participate at the next EAS in 2011. in Indonesia, &quot;said a spokesman for the ASEAN Tran Ngoc An. At the summit of the EAS and the ten countries participating ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) plus Australia, China, India, Japan, New Zealand and South Korea.
 