So though. After several days of hesitation, the Irish government accepted almost imposed financial assistance of the European Union and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). The Irish government had to recognize that it can not alone to deal with the financial crisis. This is a big blow for the national feeling, but to stoking the anger of citizens to government, they think they clouded eyes. This financial security will brake the already unpopular Prime Minister Brian Cowen cost function. It is not known whether Ireland can ever repay the debt to the European Union&#39;s financial assistance to Ireland shares a bitter premiere. Specifically, this country where once the work was an incredible economic growth and that is like no other country benefited from membership in the Union, is now in a knockout. The banking system is in its core ill. For years špekulirano with expensive real estate. For all the damage so far in Ireland for the first time to guarantee taxpayers of the European Union, perhaps even after paying for the damage.
 For the moment no one can say with certainty when and whether they would Ireland be able to repay debts to the European Union and the IMF. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: How long more? - Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen was the first word on aid from 19 billion euros. Experts, however, estimated that the financial claims of Irish banks amounted to 90 billion euros. Ireland pays a high political and moral cost of required assistance. And the price is likely to affect the introduction of new austerity measures, the loss of financial sovereignty and increase taxes on businesses. So far, Ireland is very low taxes attracted numerous international corporations. The subsequent bankruptcy-candidates Portugal and Spain Financial aid is the only solution if we want to preserve the European currency Euro. In Brussels, is now hoping to give loans to Ireland cause pressure on the subsequent bankruptcy-candidates Portugal and Spain.
 Sensitive financial markets would be the steps within the European Union that should reassure you. However, this financial help from the State of the Union and help themselves, because they were British, German, French, and American Bank of the main creditors of Irish banks. So in essence over the financial assistance of Ireland, these countries themselves borrow money. However, the activation mechanism of the European financial aid will not solve the problem. This action bought time in which debts are still growing. It is still not known to be in the future should act in case of bankruptcy of a country eurozone and the way in that case, private investors should take the losses. At the next EU summit in December, therefore, must present concrete solutions. Authors: Bernd Riegert / Marina Martin Re. eds: Z. Arbutina
 