I wonder how you heard of this term? Contact your comment before reading the post. Will you stand to not povirite explanation? In preparation for a tour of the Technical Museum in Zagreb, I came across the word Beehive Collection. She sounded as I know, but I could not remember with what would it connected. I immediately gave up the study. Beehive Collection is a glass hive that shows how the bees live in a real beehive. It is suitable for showing young people how to avoid annoying bites. Beehive Collection For me this has prompted an anecdote related to my brother and heir. Specifically, he writes to his brother a descendant of his mail and include a large number of symbols. Mail the seven boys had more pictures than text. Among other things, included a picture that I did not present anything wrong. The next icon is the small brother of forwarded mail to me and commented about how a child is involved, the prostate, g .... in the mail and even fly flies around.
 I have laughed all day. Now I&#39;m not asking for that child, but I dug into the fact that he used a little unfit and ready, like any conscientious parent, examine the child. He immediately replied, &quot;Mom, it&#39;s a beehive!&quot; This has caused even happier reaction in me: that we adults know complicate matters, a child clearly and briefly see what the symbol means. Well now, when we had the opportunity, I showed the children how to live bees in apisariju and even photographed exhibited three types of hives. Beehive Collection - 3D Otherwise, I love honey and use it constantly from childhood. My uncle had a hive, so I enjoyed a tour around his hives, and watch it in a &quot;space suit&quot; that takes the wall full of honey and jugs them. Unfortunately, he no longer engaged in beekeeping. Well I remembered that a bee stung me in the foot while I was happy and ran barefoot on the lawn. As the Beehive Collection an excellent tool for training small prying head! kosnica3 kosnica2 kosnica1 Sam, if your child is right? Labels: Beehive Collection
 