NEW YORK - Faisal Shahzad, a U.S. citizen originally from Pakistan, Tuesday was sentenced to life imprisonment after he admitted that he tried to detonate a car bomb on New York&#39;s Times Square in May this year. Shahzad, a 31-year-old electrical engineer from Connecticut, in June, pleaded guilty on all ten counts, including charges of conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and to attempt terrorist attacks. &quot;Get ready, the war with the Muslims just started,&quot; said Shahzad before sentencing before a federal court in Manhattan. He added that the defeat of the United States &quot;inevitable&quot;. Shahzad has been in custody since his arrest third May, two days after the attempted bombings. He was arrested when he boarded the aircraft on an international flight at the airport John F. Kennedy in New York. His car Nissan Pathfinder, from which emerges a smoke, was found parked in Times Square first
 May. Inside the vehicle, police deminers found an improvised explosive device made with a few bags of fertilizer, two bottles containing 40 liters of gasoline, 152 rockets, fireworks, three tanks with propane gas and two wires connected to an alarm clock. Prosecutors of the Federal Attorney&#39;s Office in Manhattan, the indictment alleged that Shahzad in December 2009. underwent training in handling explosives in Pakistan, the people associated with the local extremist militant group Tehrik-e-Taliban. He allegedly received about $ 12,000 in cash in order to carry out the attack, prosecutors pointed out. Pronouncing him the maximum penalty for all 10 counts, the judge said that Shahzad has not shown remorse for his actions. &quot;The defendant has repeatedly demonstrated a complete lack of remorse and a desire to repeat the offense if the opportunity,&quot; said the judge. He said that Shahzad year ago, receiving the American citizen, falsely swore allegiance to America and pledged that he would defend and be loyal to her, and testified that his behavior did not want to defend the United States or Americans, but to kill them.
 After the verdict, Shahzad said that his sentence &quot;only restriction that God has for him in this world&quot; and that he is happy with what God had intended. The judge asked whether Shahzad Koran that he kills people, and he replied, &quot;the Koran gives you the right to defend himself. That&#39;s all I&#39;m doing.&quot; With the submission with a proposal for the sentence, the court, the plaintiffs submitted a video with a controlled explosion of an improvised device identical to that prepared by Shahzad, performed by experts of the Joint Counter Terrorism Unit - JTTF. The video is a Nissan Pathfinder parked in a field, surrounded by four cars, two freestanding mailboxes, several metal cabinets for the sale of newspapers is that the figures represent the people. A violent explosion overturned two cars and left a wide trail of destruction. Prosecutors presented the assessment to the explosion, he unsuccessfully attempted to perform Shahzad, probably killed at least 40 people.
 