Consent of Ireland in Europe did not help reassure investors and the financial markets, are now scared that the debt crisis could spread throughout Europe. Markets, however the most worrying of which Spain would draw, if it happened, seriously stretched capabilities of the EU. Repeated explosions &#39;Irish problem&#39; in recent days made clear that getting stuck with problemčić called deficit are far from over. The staggering of the former Celtic Tiger brand upropaštenog not exaggerated, but delusional, relying on the financial sector and its alchemy but a rumor, but following the theme of the measures taken in the meantime died. Until the other day. Skeletons banking parasites simply do not cease to fall out of the closet, so it showed that the Irish deficit, created mostly as a result of the Government&#39;s treatment of severe rash, not ten percent, rather than just an incredible 32 percent of GDP which is why Greeks can finally breathe again.
 Their 15-odd percent, now has become one&#39;s unfulfilled dream. Bankers in this case managed to break all records and literally throw the whole society in a serious debt crisis. At the end of last week and on weekends wire on the line Brussels - Dublin were unusually fiery. The European Union, primarily concerned for the welfare of euros, not so much for the Irish as such, it is obvious very quickly realized the depth of the problem and immediately began to insist that Ireland accepts assistance under the Union&#39;s Stabilization Fund, while the Irish first played the pride and soon relented. The initial hypothesis that can be themselves and not to something so horrible, was later refuted by accepting the amount of 80-90 billion euros, not at all symbolic. Political game, of course, the point is now reached the level to which it is not possible to avoid the turmoil and recriminations within the country. The already fragile coalition government began to seriously wobble, but Prime Minister Brian Cowen refused to blackmail the Greens who are in the usual manner weaker partner rushed to capitalize politically on the pitching of the ruling party seeking early elections, with a relaxation.
 He announced a referendum after the New Year and making revisions, needed to be adapted state finance new developments. Bearing in mind the situation of sudden political change would likely have a counter, although not making more revisions is not clear after two independent MPs in parliament announced it would vote against it. Consent to help turn Europe failed to reassure investors and the financial markets, now probably more frightened than ever and increasingly convinced that there could be infection, or spreading debt crisis in Europe. According to data from the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, European banks were held by approximately 500-billion funding for the Irish end of June, whereby, a nice irony, the largest owners of British, Spanish and Portuguese banks. Earth row protégé of fiscal discipline. Haste and aggressiveness of the Union in persuading the Irish to withdraw funds from the Fund has therefore two reasons.
 The first is the cost of borrowing for all members of the eurozone, while the other umočenost European banks in their debt. Neither the opposition wasted no time. Labor immediately demanded the dissolution of Parliament and the calling of elections, and the nationalist Sinn Féin, organized a protest outside Parliament seasoned conflict with the police. Angry at the World ECB media emphasize the role of the European Central Bank, which attributed the strongest background lobbying to Ireland was forced to accept help. Their interest is quite understandable because it is the ECB upumpao huge amounts of liquidity to Irish banks. The Irish, therefore, are not only angry at their government, which they consider most responsible for what happens, but the ECB for taking all major political role. Interestingly, the wrath of the public still is not overly focused on the main and indeed the only culprit, a private bank. In addition the average Irishman was not aware that it was the ECB all the more lonely buyer of their bonds.
 For example, at the end of October even a quarter of total assets to increase liquidity and banks were directed to Ireland. Pride is now a cheap commodity Red is now Spain and Portugal, again, to begin to reassure investors shaken to them as opposed to those irresponsible Irish people will not need such a rescue. Pride, it seems, the goods available in large quantities in recent days, but also very cheap. Spain&#39;s Finance Minister Elena Delgado resolutely, just like Cowen just a few days ago, rejected any insinuation that Spain will soon require that one billion of spare money boxes. &#39;Absolutely not, &quot;she said. &quot;Spain is doing everything it promised, and with tangible results.&quot; She has worked and Ireland. Same story with the neighbors. Portugal, considered by many the most promising candidates for the third drawing, just as is explicitly rejected the idea of disgust about borrowing from the Stabilization Fund.
 &quot;Portugal does not need anyone&#39;s help and your problem will resolve itself,&quot; said Prime Minister José Sócrates repeatedly by one of the most popular in Europe that statement, it seems, some violence to the new cult of self. Then he and Olli Rehn, Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs, hastened to explain that Ireland and Portugal are two very different things. Despite the different causes of the final outcomes are very similar across the continent, which further proved entirely unconvinced reaction of financial markets, which are encouraging such a statement only and intended. Markets, however the most worrying Spain, the economy is incomparably greater than those dwarfs (from the perspective of the euro area), which would draw, if it happened, seriously stretched capabilities of the EU. Another, not yet sufficiently articulated the fear of investors is the inadequacy of the austerity measures. Unlike the Greek case, whose rescue had a calming effect, each of the following is getting weaker because an increasing number of participants in the financial markets begin to question the effectiveness of the austerity measures.
 The logic is simple - all the more tightening may cause a reduction in the already puzajućeg growth, which then again means the inability to service debts. In any case, analysts are unique - if one is following, it is Portugal. Source: Liderpress.hr; Balkans.com
 