China&#39;s central bank on Tuesday announced a rise of its annual lending and deposit rates by 0.25 percentage points from 20 October, a move which many believe the government&#39;s action against inflationary pressures. People&#39;s Bank of China (PBOC) said in a statement on its website that the annual interest rate increase of 2.25 percent to 2.50 percent, and after one year, the interest rate will increase from 5.31 percent to 5.56 percent . This increase, first in the past three years, was not predict in relating the the September statistics and statistics of the third quarter, &quot;said Jiang Chao, an analyst at Guotai Junan Securities. CPI, CPI, a key indicator of inflation, it can maintain its high level in September, said Jiang. The growth rate in the first three years, the central bank last raised rates 21st December 2007. The reference rate has been cut four times since the global financial crisis.
 Li Daokui, a member of the PBOC Monetary Policy Committee, said that statistics show that China&#39;s economy is rising after a fall at the beginning of this year, but commodity prices remain at high levels, which now attracts the attention of the policy. Furthermore, policy makers must seek a balance between economic growth, restructuring and stable prices, Li said. &quot;Excessive prices are reflected in economic growth, and are the main reason for raising interest rates. Negative interest rates (higher than the CPI increase in deposit interest rates) is another reason,&quot; said Li. Liu Yuhua, an expert with the Institute of Finance and Banking at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said that the interest rate at this point in relation to expectations of inflation as negative interest rates will continue for seven months. China is experiencing an increase in prices of agricultural products, municipal services such rents and catering industry, said Liu.
 &quot;We believe that this is due to the huge labor costs, and is also related to the issue of currency and rising costs of living in cities,&quot; Li said. Prices of everyday foods such as sugar, garlic, ginger are really jumped on the Chinese market. Cecere price in Shanghai is 6,000 yuan ($ 900.90) per tonne, which is more than 2,700 yuan per ton just a year earlier. Chinese CPI during the 22-month high of 3.5 percent in August. The index of inflation not only to exceed 2.25 percent on one-year deposit rate, 2.79 percent, a two-year deposit rate, but also surpasses the 3.33 percent three-year deposit rate. Experts believe the increase in interest rates higher as a warning, rather than directly reducing the negative rate of interest. &quot;This move demonstrates the Government&#39;s determination to curb the negative inflation rates, and so that businesses and consumers can adjust their investments and spending in line with this,&quot; said Liu.
 Just a week ago, the central bank declared a temporary increase in reserve requirement ratio six major lenders in order to check inflation. China raised the bank reserve ratio four times this year, along with rate hikes, which indicates that China continues normal monetary policy after the global financial crisis, &quot;said Zhang Qizuo, deputy chief of the China International Economic Society. China is becoming a new member of a group that raises interest rates next Australia, Norway, India and Brazil after the global economic crisis, while in many economies reduced rates, such as Russia, South Africa and Hungary. Some developed economies maintain low rates of interest, such as the United States, European Union, Japan and the United Kingdom. The increase in interest rates will have limited impact on commodity markets as 0.25 percentages are not that significant, &quot;said Zhou Zhiqiang, head of Xiangyu Futures Research Institute.
 However, higher interest rates may attract more inflows of speculative &quot;hot money&quot; into China, which promotes the Chinese cash, &quot;said Zhou. The increase could raise costs for developers of real estate and mortgage buyers of apartments and real estate market continues to cool off in the fourth quarter, &quot;said Yang Hongxu, an analyst with Shanghai-based E-house China Research and Development Institute. Yang expects a move that brought a new round of increases, the latest round of interest rate hikes began in 2004. year and continued the pace in 2007. - Six times a year, but the moves are only shown strength in the fourth quarter of 2007. in a cooling real estate market, said Yang. Anticipated rise in interest rates will affect the real estate market, but his first moves, such as policies of housing loans that is already stretched, Yang said. China strives to attain a growth rate of around 10 percent, with about 3 percent inflation in 2010.
 Edited by: Albertina
 