Approximately 50% of textile products in the European market comes from China. Turkey has for years been trying with all their might to keep their piece of the pie - about 8% market share. Turkish textile great danger if the Chinese companies in Greece (in pirejskoj port) actually increase its production facilities for the finalization of textile intermediate products, according to Hikmet Tanriverdi, president of the Istanbul Association of Textile Industry (ISKIB): &quot;If this project is supported by a superpower, the future will be in Piraeus much easier be able to import goods - and then we have a problem. If, in Piraeus imported semi-finished goods and the wages of low import duties, and then in a very simple procedure of semi-finished plants in Piraeus resulting finished products, we face the huge problems around the price of textile goods. For us, the big problem was the fact that in this case, the product label stated &quot;Made in EU&quot;, not &quot;Made in China&quot; &quot;Made in EU&quot;, not &quot;Made in China &quot;European consumers appreciate quality Turkish products, Tanriverdi is convinced that they believe that the Turkish goods of higher quality than Chinese.
 Very good knowledge of Chinese exports, Turkish Selcuk Colakoglu, said that his country compared to China&#39;s competitive advantage is slowly losing the race for Europe: &quot;Turkey has had an advantage because she was able to quickly produce a smaller quantity of goods. However, after the Chinese took over the port in Piraeus, we lost the advantage of our immediate geographical position and it is certainly cause for concern. &quot; Bildunterschrift: Port of Piraeus Colakoglu fears that Chinese manufacturers in Piraeus store their goods and thus be able to continue much faster to react to spontaneous demand from the Europen Union - much faster than the Turkish competitors. He recalls, however, that Turkey once the Chinese &quot;offered&quot; as a possible location for the Chinese logistics headquarters, from which they are serving the European market. &quot;China is expecting Turkey to Ankara to offer an advantage over competitors. For example, an alternative sea route through which Chinese goods would be delivered to Turkey from the European, North African, Middle East or the Russian market,&quot; says Colakoglu.
 But the Chinese have decided to Piraeus - and that the decision could &quot;bury&quot; the importance of Turkey in the transit of Chinese goods to the West. At the same time the Turkish textile industry is thinking in order to retain its market share in Europe. Tanriverdi said that the strategy is clear: Turks all the cards are laid on the quality of their products &quot;shall be strict control of the goods produced. Turkish companies manufacture in accordance with the applicable provisions of the European Union. We can not compete with the price of Far Eastern manufacturers, where labor is cheap, where social rights are not respected, where the textile industry partly work and children. We believe that the big brands, which take account of quality and image, and still without any doubt can produce their goods in Turkey. &quot; The European tour of the Chinese delegation Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao at a press conference in Athens, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao was last Monday (4.10) in Athens marked the beginning of an ambitious Chinese project in the territory of the European Union: state boat operator COSCO ( China Ocean Shipping (Group) Company) during October 2010.
 will assume control of the Greek port of Piraeus for the next 35 years. COSCO plans to triple the capacity of the historic port. In Greece, should occur for the exchange of modern transport and logistics to make Chinese goods more quickly and easily able to receive the European market. This project is supported by generous credits and the European Investment Bank. Within the European tour, Wen Jiabao visited Ankara where a group of Chinese business leaders &quot;examined investment opportunities and joint projects with Turkish companies. Author: Cem Sey / S. Matic Re. eds: S. Tanovic
 