WELLINGTON - Twenty miners continued on Saturday as missing after an explosion at a coal mine on Friday in an isolated region of New Zealand, where rescue operations are still not running because of fear of new explosions, reports agencies. Two miners survived and were hospitalized for minor injuries, while 29 remain missing, said Peter Whittall, general manager of the mining company Pike River Coal, told AFP. Whittall told reporters that the explosion in the Pike River mine, located on the west coast of New Zealand&#39;s South Island, probably caused by methane gas. Rescue Service has failed to make contact with miners and mines in front of the gathered members of their family and friends with the fear that accompany development. On Saturday, the regional police commander Gary Knowles told reporters that rescue operations would not be launched until they get a sample of air from the mine.
 &quot;As the commander of rescue operations&#39;m not willing to send people under the ground until we have proof that the environment is safe,&quot; said Knowles in a statement reacting to the neighboring Grey District Mayor Tony Kokshoorna who announced the &quot;current&quot; launch rescue operations. The blast occurred on Friday afternoon local time. &quot;For now we have no information about what is going on at the bottom of the mine,&quot; said Whittall on television. The explosion cut off the supply of electricity for the ventilation of mines, police said. He fears that the descent of the rescue team could cause a new explosion. Pike River mine is exploited since 2009. This is a small mine, about 2.3 km in length, which is dug horizontally into the mountain, rescue services which will enable a quick search as it is approved start rescue operations, &quot;said Knowles, according to Reuters. &quot;As soon as possible, we will need more time to enter and assess the situation and deciding what to do,&quot; said Knowles.
 Among the missing miners except New Zealanders has a handful of Britons and Australians.
 