Emirate of Dubai, the second largest of seven, is currently the home of more than 160 nationalities, making it one of najmultikulturalnijih community in the world. There are 400 hotels in Dubai everything must be &#39;most&#39; of the world: the largest tower, the largest aquarium, the most expensive hotel and the most attractive offers such as skiing on artificial snow in the desert. Burj Dubai, Burj Al Arab, Emirates Shopping Mall - it&#39;s just part of superluksuza that offers the city in the Persian Gulf, which is on the map of the world began to exist only 40 years ago, when it came to oil. And there is a recession hit manages to ignore the unbearable heat, Dubai can easily be mistaken for some city in the United States, with a bunch of skyscrapers, the perfect shopping area, food and restaurants. It is primarily a tourist mecca and a shopping paradise because the tax only five percent. Dubai is the dream of every architect - not complain about the money that would have brought the best of the best, and builds on each step.
 It is not uncommon to change over night view from the windows of buildings across the street and sprout within a few months. Hotels are competing to be the most luxurious, with a kindly staff, best food, service, view ... The most expensive of them, the Burj Al Arab or Arabian Tower, whose construction, which included the entire set of artificial island, costing two billion U.S. dollars, has become the symbol of Dubai. The natural reaction of anyone who is the first time in this city, if not quite a billionaire, is an absolute disbelief. - So how can someone think of the pillars covered with gold in the hotel - I could not believe when I saw the lobby Burj Al Arab. And the fish that swim in a giant aquarium are expensive, maintenance is fabulous, and your own butler certainly not difficult to get used to. Popular Sail someone is kitschy, someone wonderful, but no one indifferent. The building has seven stars and one of the world najfotografiranijih.
 At night, changing lights in the colors of fire and water, and people stand and watch it for hours. Every customer has a driver, a private reception desk every floor. There is also the hotel Atlantis. His spectacular opening last November provoked the attention of the media, and has the largest aquarium, the world of dolphins and amusement park. The construction cost and a half billion dollars, and pride is the best view in town that includes the spectacular &quot;skyline&quot; or a series of skyscraper at night it looks magical. And then the recession hit the world. Dubai is currently choking in her throat until she could fundamentally change the whole philosophy of this beautifully constructed an artificial city. Every month something new Price sleeping in Burj two thousand dollars per night - sometimes they are visited by wealthy members of the international jet set, and now they are mostly rich Russians. Frequently files are young, pretty siliconised Russians behind them running around with a bunch of carriers Gucci or Dior bag while holding the distance behind them short, balding gentleman - who was actually who evaluate themselves.
 However, living in Dubai is more than expensive. Particularly im-ing terms. The average salary in television, such as Al Araibye, the MBC group, it is 20 thousand more - sounds great, but before we know the cost of living in Dubai, where 12 thousand cost rent a one room apartment. Without a car life is impossible, and almost all drive cars on leasing, which has cost more than 2000 kuna per month. Electricity is 1500 kuna, cell phone about a thousand. Must still pay for additional health, childcare or schools for children, food ... If you want a chance to buy an apartment and get out of hell too high rents, the square will pay an average of 22 000 kuna. - Dubai is a safe, attractive location, blessed with stunning beaches. A visit to this city will never be the same. It offers an incredible range of entertainment and leisure projects in that open nearly every month at a time - says Mohammed Khamis bin Hareb, Executive Director of Marketing Department of Tourism in Dubai (DTCM).
 Even 4000 cafes and restaurants Emirate of Dubai, the second largest of seven, is currently the home of more than 160 nationalities, making it one of najmultikulturalnijih community in the world. There are 400 hotels with more than 41 000 rooms and more than four thousand restaurants and cafes. Last year it was visited by almost seven million guests, and its airport offers flights to 209 destinations in the world. Impressive figures that actually look even more impressive. The detection of Dubai take 7th October, 5790 a price of HRK includes air traffic from Zagreb, 4 nights with breakfast at the hotel with 4 * and guided tour of Dubai. On the streets with no tenderness and miniskirts Arab hospitality is well known in Dubai you will be welcomed everywhere with &quot;Ahlan Wa Sahlan&quot;, which is a warm welcome. But do not wear mini skirts if you do not need and do it, do not kiss in public. Go to Dubai if you do for fun and shopping.
 Those who do not find humor or spirituality in stores Celine, Fendi and Jimmy Choo, as in dancing with belly dancers at the oasis and bypassing the bazaar, you might still be happier elsewhere. Author: Nadja Irene Fišić Source: adriatica.net, Jutarnji.hr, B92
 