Tehnomobil LLC and HFC groups opened the largest KNX training center in Croatia at Zagreb cesta 145a in Zagreb to celebrate 20th KNX anniversary of the organization. Tehnomobil Ltd is a company with extensive experience in enviable projects in the field of technical safety and security during the years of striving for the realization of partnership with its clients and championing the role of consultants in their projects. HFC Group is one of the pioneers of KNX in Croatia and has experience in the field of intelligent systems and years of experience in multimedia solutions. The underlying theme of both companies has been constantly investing in new technology, which certainly puts the interests of KNX as a link between these two companies - energy efficiency and security built into the system management facilities. Engineering approach and experience on large projects and companies Tehnomobil certified experts in the specialized field of facilities management group HFC guarantee of quality and complete service.
 KNX Association is the creator of the KNX technology - the world&#39;s only open standard for home and business facilities, management of lighting and shutter control to various security systems, heating, ventilation, air conditioning, monitoring, alarms, water control, energy measurements, as well as household appliances , audio devices and much more. The technology can be used in new, as in the already constructed buildings. KNX Certification of products ensures that different products from different manufacturers that are used in various applications, operate and communicate with each other. This ensures a high degree of flexibility for expansion and modification of the installations. KNX is the only standard for the management of residential and commercial buildings in the world offers a certification process for their products, training centers (public and private institutions) and people (electrician, designers of the building).
 The following characteristics define a clear standard: · tool for configuring and commissioning (ETS) is independent of the manufacturer · support all communication media / Transfer (TP, PL, RF and IP - pair Pair (Eng. Twisted Pair): Power Line: Radio Frequency : IP / Ethernet) · complete set of configuration mode. KNX is acknowledged as: • European standard (CENELEC EN 50 090 and CEN EN 13321-1) · International Standard (ISO / IEC 14543-3) · Chinese standard (GB / Z 20 965) · American standard (ANSI / ASHRAE 135). In order to control the transfer of data to all components in the management of facilities, the system must cope with the problems of isolated devices ensuring that all components communicate via a common language: in short, the KNX bus system is essential. This standard is based on a 20-year experience of being on the market including its predecessors, EIB, EHS and Batibus. Over 200 member companies worldwide in their catalogs with over 7000 KNX certified product groups.
 KNX Association has partnership agreements with more than 30,000 installer companies in 100 countries and more than 60 technical universities, as well as over 150 training centers. KNX Learning Center is open for training and retraining of engineers, technicians and installers, training elektroprojektanata a new way of designing electrical installations, consulting and advisory institution for the purpose of introducing the KNX standard legal norms and the advisory and consulting investors and contractors to implemetacije KNX standard. Participants will have the opportunity to become familiar with the benefits and ways of implementation of the KNX technology, planning and design KNX installation and connecting and commissioning of KNX elements. It will also be familiar with programming and work on ETS at (Engineering Tool Software) and ways of parameter and system optimization for energy efficiency. With the opening of the center, in celebration 20.10.2010., In the same area was held KNX OPEN DAY where visitors get a chance to talk with KNX certified engineers who are interested in answer to the questions and uncertainties related to technology.
 The opening ceremony was marked by a videoconference with the world KNX centers.
 