Author: Ana Muhar Posted: 06.11.2010 there are always at the wrong time in the wrong place. During the fall of the Berlin Wall, I was in America. When did 9 / 11, I was in Europe - we are complaining Gideon Rachman. We are in the newsroom dark glass buildings of the Financial Times in London, right next to the River Thames. I wonder if it feels that now is the right place at the right time, as the chief correspondent for the news in the Financial Times, probably the most respected newspapers in the world. &quot;Maybe. If the publication of the book happens to a great world catastrophe, the book will be of secondary importance. And I&#39;ll be back in the wrong place at the wrong time &quot;, is persistent. RELATED NEWS News However, with my optimistic assumption that by publishing the book on Monday, though all be the same, we begin to talk. Morning newspaper, we Rachman notes, the first medium for talking about his book, &quot;Zero-Sum World&quot;. Despite the optimism of 20 years to his previous statements, I dare conclude that Rachman in the last two decades in the right place.
 15 years spent in the famous weekly magazine The Economist which was reported from the United States and Southeast Asia, and later led the list as an editor in London. Over the past five years working for the Financial Times. In his career he has witnessed, directly or indirectly, of great historical events. Visited Moscow during the Gorbachev, &quot;when the Soviet nightmare was at an end&quot;. In 1992. New York is looking to Clinton accepts the Democratic Party nomination. He was in Southeast Asia, where economic development is changing people&#39;s lives. In Brussels, he witnessed the Polish and the Czech Republic joining the EU. In 1997. London was in the midst of the euphoric atmosphere when Tony Blair achieved electoral victory. Rachman acknowledges that it is time to sign of optimism came to an end. &quot;First we had a world divided between capitalist and communist systems. After that we got a single economic system, globalization has created a common interest among the world powers.
 Twenty years since the collapse of the Soviet Union until the collapse of Lehman Brothers, we lived in the optimism. However, the economic crisis completely changed the logic of international relations, &quot;said Rachman. While the world is still trying to figure out what these changes mean, Rachman is its so-called terror. zero-sum world. &quot;Zero-sum&quot;, as in games in economics, describes a situation in which a participants gain as much brings the loss of another participant. A conflict of worldviews Rachman explains that this is the emerging atmosphere of relations in the world. &quot;The world is ruled by a belief in the so-called. win-win logic, which is guaranteed a win for everyone. Even residents of Russia, the losers of the Cold War, noticed some positive changes. Win-win logic, which was the main argument of world powers, has been replaced by the logic that if one gets, the other loses, &quot;said Rachman. Therefore, we no longer believe that if things are going in the right direction for China, it is something good for us.
 &quot;On the contrary, concerns that China&#39;s growth means loss of power of Western countries,&quot; said Rachman. The book says that strained international relations between the traditional superpowers and those that do not just become a novelty, but financial and economic crises have disrupted the narrative of the intellectual who helped the West to explain the world of the correct functioning of the system. &quot;All the logic of the West, democracy and free markets, contrary to the logic of China,&quot; said Rachman. The five elements of optimism in the book distinguishes five elements of the ideology that led to optimism the world two decades. All five are threatened by the financial crisis. First - the belief in spreading democracy throughout the world, which is questionable due to difficulties exporting democracy to Iraq and Afghanistan and increase confidence undemocratic China. Another ideology that was advocated that the market will experience a triumph over third countries is supported by the ideology of the endless possibilities of computers and the Internet.
 It is arguably fell into the water with the collapse of world markets. Neither the internet did not resolve the situation. It turned out that there are many problems that it can not solve, such as climate change. Fourth and one of the fundamental ideology was the &quot;democratic peace&quot;, which disappears fear of conflict among democracies. And that feeling of brotherhood, says Rachman, shaken when Russia nearly run over by a democratic Georgia, and China became the territorial asertivnija discussions with India and Japan. Finally, there is the belief that there is no force in the world that the U.S. military can not win. Today, American troops in Afghanistan, full of difficulties, and the U.S. economy is in terrible condition. One in five Americans between 25 and 55 years are unemployed. While too much change is most visible in the U.S., &quot;zero-sum&quot; logic is happening in Europe. &quot;The EU has emerged due to economic and political reasons. However, the economic situation is so bad that there was a freeze of relations.
 A typical example is the relationship between Germany and Greece. Instead of European brotherhood, their relationship is full of hate. When the Germans asked for cost cutting, the Greek leaders were reminded of the unfortunate events of the occupation of Nazi Germany, &quot;said Rachman. Just a few weeks ago Angela Merkel said that &quot;multiculturalism in Germany failed. It is not sure what is shocking, statements of German Chancellor or the fact that they are in other countries wonder whether their functioning multiculturalism. Rachman notes that the EU is struggling with debt until the voters turn to right-wing parties that are protivive immigration. Although, he adds, should be borne in mind that the economic situation is not the only reason for changing attitudes about the multicultural society and immigration. Rachman argues that people have begun to feel that society has changed too much in a short period. I ask him his opinion about our reality, the period in which Croatia is preparing to join the EU.
 &quot;I would not be surprised that the Croats have become skeptical of the EU, realizing that this is not a perfectly neat organization. However, being a small nation in Europe, outside the EU, not the best position, &quot;Rachman said, adding that the EU is successful in that it is easier for the position of small countries within the European Union. &quot;In addition, the alternative is that you?&quot; He asks. Lack of experience of the alcoholic alternative is not characteristic only for Croatia. Reminiscent of the similar periods in the past when some of the world&#39;s leading intellectuals have lost so much faith in a system that is connected to fascism. They were wrong. Book list &quot;Zero-Sum World&quot;. How likely noticed that my fall mood, Rachman says on my departure. &quot;Often they are like the black situation brought good changes,&quot; says, adding that the current political complicated situation and not very attractive financial situation may be the beginning of something new. He points out an example of China and India that have touched the economic base, but then followed the changes and speed development.
 &quot;It&#39;s like an alcoholic. Only when we wake up in the street, realize that it is time to do something ... &quot;The Chinese are about 20 years know that Americans will look in the eyes nineties Rachman lived in China. From today&#39;s perspective recognizes that it was naive to believe that China will not be able to continue to develop if it becomes a democracy. Had someone said then that China will have the same system and be very successful, they would not believe. The book recounts his visit to Beijing just two weeks after the collapse of Lehman Brothers. Then he Pan Wei, director of international and foreign affairs of China, said: &quot;I believe that in twenty years we Americans look straight into my eyes, that they will be equal. But it may also come before. Their system is a mess and they need our money to save them. &quot;Weakening of the power of the West, writes Rachman, can bring a whole range of problems - deterioration of the state, increasing oil and food prices, a rush of refugees and illegal immigrants and the growing power of international organized crime to Mexico to the Balkans.
 It sounds pessimistic, I mention him. &quot;I am pestimističan and as far as the near future,&quot; suits me Rachman. When I asked whether he personally no longer believe in globalization corresponds negatively. &quot;However, I stopped believing in a world where everything is nicely arranged - free markets, democracy, the western way of life - it was a fairy tale. It must accept that everything has its price, &quot;she says. Number of recommendations: 23 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 