Due to strong growth in lending and a jump in inflation to its highest level in two years, China is expected to increase key interest rates to zauzdao prices. Because yesterday the stock prices in Shanghai sank 5.1 percent, its biggest daily drop in more than a year. The possibility of escalation of Chinese monetary policy caused investors&#39; fears of falling demand in China, the world&#39;s largest importer of raw materials, and yesterday the forward price of oil fell by 3.3, a gold and copper by almost 3 percent. Shares in the energy and mining sectors were the biggest losers so. S &amp; P index of mining sector sank 2.2, and 1.4 percent of the energy. The stock price is the biggest U.S. aluminum producer Alcoa fell 2.3 percent, while shares of oil giant ExxonMobil cheaper by 1.2 percent. Under pressure to find and industrial sector. Price Caterpillar fell 1.7 percent, while shares of Boeing&#39;s cheaper by 3.5 percent.
 Among the losers were yesterday and the financial and technology sector. Throughout last week the price of shares in the financial sector fell by 4, and Information Technology 3.2 percent. On the selling pressure in almost all sectors suggesting that yesterday on the relationship between NYSE stocks that are lost and those that have gained in value amounted to nearly 5 vs. first Investors are concerned about the financial problems of Ireland, although officials of the European Union pledged to help the eurozone, if necessary. Concerns regarding the situation in China and Ireland has prompted investors to the insurance portfolio to the options market. Therefore, the VIX, the Chicago Stock Exchange index options yesterday jumped 10.6 percent, to 20.6 points, its highest level since end of October. &quot;This strong growth in the VIX index shows that investors seeking protection of their portfolio in options market,&quot; said Joe Kinahan, strategist at TD Ameritrade company. The Dow Jones industrial average declined 90 points yesterday, or 0.80 percent, to 11 192 points, while the S &amp; P fell 1.18 percent to 1199 points, and the Nasdaq composite index 1.46 percent to 2518 points.
 (REUTERS / pd)
 