Author: Portal Jutarnji.hr Posted: 03.11.2010 ZAGREB - An earthquake measuring 5.4 on the Richter scale, which is tonight at 1:56 pm Kings hit the countryside in central Serbia, two people were killed and about a hundred people were injured. RELATED NEWS News this morning around 9:25 AM a new powerful earthquake struck the king, even though experts have calmed the public to be such a thing will not happen. Most Kraljevčana ran from their houses, and on the streets in fear following the development of the situation. District, municipal and city centers of Civil Protection declared a state of emergency in the area of Kings, and announced the formation of expert teams to visit affected areas and analyze the damage. Also, the mayor of Kings Ljubisa Simovic urged all citizens to their local boards of registration sustained damage to their property, and if they are not shown in the continuation of life will provide them temporary shelter.
 The powerful earthquake claimed the lives of a married couple when they crashed on the roof of the family house in the village Grdić. The news was confirmed by Serbian Interior Minister Ivica Dacic, who last night visited Kraljevo. The earthquake lasted several seconds and was felt in all major cities. The epicenter was 10 kilometers north of the Kings in the village of Vitanovac. According Merkalijevoj scale had 7.5 degrees. After the main earthquake was followed by several smaller in the same field strength from 2.2 to 2.5 on the Richter scale. The earthquake was felt 200 miles away in Belgrade, where a young man injured in fall from high ground. The king&#39;s damaged several buildings, family houses, while some older houses torn down. Among other things, have significantly damaged Health Center and Department of Public Health in Kraljevo. The affected sites were visited by Serbian Interior Minister Ivica Dacic and head of sector for the Emergency Situations Ministry of Interior Predrag Maric.
 On this occasion, Dacic pointed out the importance of determining the quality of drinking water and repair damage to elektrodistribuciskoj network because a quarter of the Kings remained without electricity. President of the Serbian parliament Milomir Sljivć said for now, will convene an extraordinary session of the local parliament, but all the officials sent to engage in helping the affected areas. Earthquake shakes Greece and Indonesia ATHENS, JAKARTA - Submarine Postres strength 5 on the Richter scale struck early Wednesday juturo northeast region near the Aegean island of Samothrace. Fortunately, there was no damage materijelne. Epicenter was 350 kilometers northeast of Athens, and experts from the Athens Institute of Geodynamics National Observatory in the state that tremors in Greece is not associated with an earthquake of 5.6 &#39;Richter&#39; in Serbia. A stronger magnitude 6 degrees shook the eastern coast of Indonesia on Wednesday morning local time.
 Also, not noted any significant damage metarijalna. The epicenter was located 106 kilometers southeast of the Kaimana, a small airport in the Indonesian province of West Papua, at a depth of 50-odd kilometers. Number of recommendations: 40 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 