In the world today are several dozens of different conflicts, ranging from classic guerrilla wars and civil protests followed a strong repression of the regime. Mutual drastically different in the way of water, the number of victims who die in them, and the importance that the international community attaches to them. But almost all have in common is that they world media largely ignored. Regularly and thoroughly monitored to Afghanistan, Iraq and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Everything else is treated as a kind of bush league, which is the main foreign policy sections of the media found if something extremely interesting, extremely bloody or umješaju Americans. Thus, a conflict of which the first three mjeseca 2010. their way to the importance of readership, but remained sufficiently explained. Chechnya has long been Russia&#39;s main security problem. After two devastating wars of the nineties, more than a hundred thousand dead civilians and a long campaign protugerilske situation finally seemed resolved.
 Guerrillas were nearly exterminated, and the Government of the Republic is committed to Ramzan Kadyrov, who tried to reconcile loyalty to Moscow with a strong propagation of the federal and Chechen Islamic identity at the local level. The symbol of this approach is a new mosque in Grozny, the largest in Europe, built largely federal money. For those fellow countrymen whose loyalty he could not win that way, Kadyrov has reserved more brutal methods. At least three thousand missing or dead, torture, rape and other forms of repression results of the actions of his police. Moscow is not overly excited because of human rights or massive corruption as long as the republic&#39;s relative peace reigned. In the spring of last year, declared victory over the rebels and federal forces were withdrawn. But only a few months later the number of armed incidents has tripled, including suicide bombings.
 Violence spread to the neighboring Dagestan and Ingushetia, to the extent that the number of attacks in all three republics are now roughly equal. The target of local politicians and officials, as well as police stations and patrols. In the last year killed about a thousand people. While the Chechen rebellion was a nation, a movement that is now operating in the northern Caucasus, mostly Islamic. However, if the ideology of global insurgency and religious character, the reasons for strengthening them are local. The Muslim population of the region generally seen Russia as a historic enemy, a corruption of local politicians, the poor economic situation of pervasive crime and create fertile ground for Islamists. Moscow has so far not found a more effective way of opposing the rebellion of the additional reinforcement of repression and reliance on local potentates like Kadyrov. Although relatively low-intensity conflict in the North Caucasus is significant because of the impact that has on the stability of Russia and flows of oil and gas to go through Kavkaza.U extensive studies dealing with the conflict, the pipeline and oil prices per barrel are equally represented and the number of victims suicide bombers.
 Al-Qaeda Yemen, a country located at the top of the Arabian Peninsula, the Romans once called Arabia Felix or Happy Arabia. There is little of what today would be in line with that name. Weak economy and lack of arable land threatened by hunger, and it is calculated that about half of the 23 million inhabitants in the near future, remain without access to diminishing supplies of drinking water. What they have in abundance is a firearm, according to some sources, as many as 60 million units. President Saleh has been in power for thirty years, relying on a network of alliances, patronage and corruption. Effective controls over a third of the country. In Yemen, the four clashes taking place in parallel. First, there is a constant struggle of strong tribal groups for greater autonomy from the center and superiority over its neighbors. Second, in the southern part of the country in Cold War period was an independent country since last year, again acting for the independence movement.
 Victims is now relatively small, but it is already questionable stability of the country thus further undermined. The third conflict is related to Al-Qaeda. She used the chaotic situation in Yemen to form a database and linked up with local Islamists. Some of the spectacular attacks on U.S. targets (such as the destroyer Cole) are descended from. Against Al-Qaeda operates a central government with the help of the United States and Saudi Arabia. Although Americans are not militarily present on the ground, their drones cruising over Yemen, a government Salehovoj provide greater assistance in money and weapons. Financial particularly generous Saudis, who believe that they are the ultimate target of the Yemeni Al-Qaeda. I am President Saleh is probably not overly zainteresairan for a showdown with the Islamists, and that&#39;s what I hired as many as needed to meet its powerful allies, a part of the aid is used for the suppression of rebellion in the south and north of the country. In the north takes many years Huti rebel insurgency that intensified last year.
 Their request for more autonomy and better relations of the central government towards them, intensified by the fact that the Shiites, while most Yemenis suniti.To resulting in interference of regional powers. Saudi Arabia was directly hired by their armed forces against insurgents in the border area, Iran gave them political and material support. Although last month declared a ceasefire, no one knows whether and for how long to maintain. The nuclear arsenal of Pakistan&#39;s crisis is a kind of Siamese twin of the war in Afghanistan, in the context of Afghan events often in the media. But the potential consequences of this crisis far outweigh the importance of anything can happen on the nearby battlefield. The war with the Pashtun tribes who live in mountainous regions along the Afghan border to support the Taliban in Pakistan is exhausted. In the last six years have been killed and ten thousand troops, at least seven thousand civilians, and more than three million people became refugees.
 Material damage was about eighty billion dollars. The army trained for conventional war with India difficult to adapt to the hunt for the Taliban. Intelligence is full of people whose sympathies on the side of the Islamists. No wonder, considering that they spent a decade organizing and supporting the first mujahedin to fight the Soviets (with the help of a comprehensive U.S.), then the Taliban to establish over them the dominant influence in Afghanistan. The struggle against the Islamists and the alliance with America, are deeply unpopular in the nation, and together with the difficult economic situation seriously impair the authority of the central government. This could be disastrous. Pakistan is a multiethnic country where 66 languages are spoken. In its short history, several times resorts to military force in order calmed his often rebellious people. The current situation has already resulted in the emergence of new groups of Islamic terrorists, but also those interested in more rights or secession of its ethnic groups.
 It is quite possible that things kidnap control and there is large-scale internal conflicts. A country of 170 million people that has nuclear weapons, it is more than the black scenario. GORAN says Mrdaković frozen conflicts frozen conflicts is a term that refers to those conflicts that are currently active, but whose causes are not addressed and which can be re-kindle. A typical example is the Indian-Pakistani confrontation over Kashmir. Although for years to force a truce, both sides are constantly preparing for military conflict and not to enter into a serious political dialogue. The rhetoric on this issue is flammable, and provocation on the line of separation quite common. In the world there are dozens of these crisis points, the boundary between the two Koreas to the situation in Lebanon. Sometimes it&#39;s hard to say whether the issue of frozen conflicts, or just a situation loaded with heavy historical legacy. Cyprus after many years of confrontation yet progressed to the point that the political methods almost completely exclude the possibility of applying violence.
 