one_of_us: bugati_1: their initiative and Israel osnovankao States with a clear political objective. On the other hand to any criticism of Israeli policies odgovaratsa &quot;you are anti-Semites, you hate us&quot; is politically foolish and childish. He avoids the discussion ad rem, and going up by the political disqualification. So there is no progress .... There is progress, but for Israel. But they already no one else is not important but themselves. Palestinian rocket and mortar attacks on Israel from the Gaza Strip have occurred since 2001. As of January 2009, over 8.600 rockets had been launched, leading to 28 deaths and several hundred injuries, [1] [2] as well as widespread psychological trauma and disruption of daily life. [3] The weapons, often generically referred to as Qassams, were initially crude and short-range, mainly affecting the Israeli city of Sderot and other communities bordering the Gaza Strip. However, in 2006 more sophisticated rockets began to be deployed, reaching the larger coastal city of Ashkelon, and by early 2009 major cities of Ashdod and Beersheba had been hit by Katyusha and Grad rockets.
 Attacks have been carried out by all Palestinian armed groups, [4] and, prior to the Gaza War 2008-2009, were consistently supported by most Palestinians, [5] [6] [7] [8] though the stated goals have been mixed. The attacks, widely condemned for targeting civilians, have been designated as terrorism by the United Nations, European Union and Israeli officials, and are defined as war crimes by Human rightsAmnesty International and Human Rights Watch. Groups defenses constructed specifically to deal with the weapons include fortifications for schools and bus stops as well as an alarm system named Red Color. A system to intercept short-range rockets is being developed. The attacks were the stated cause of the Gaza blockade, Operation Lead Cast (Jan 27, 2008 - Jan 21, 2009) and other Israeli military operations in the Gaza Strip, including Operation Rainbow (May 2004) and Operation Days of Penitence (2004 ), Operation Summer Rains (2006), Operation Autumn Clouds (2006), and Operation Hot Winter (2008).
 blockade of Gaza is the result of continuous rocket attacks, and not vice versa. Peres was responding to accusations of British concentration camps and did not govoriio Semitism. After all, just the opposite after alleged criticism of Israel with anti-Semitism often hides
 