During 2009. year, the wonderful music events are added shine and color of 60th anniversary of New China, and presented the fruits of China&#39;s musical creativity from the past 60 years. Overture Hello, Spring is in the &quot;Hello Spring&quot; 2009.. Merry melodies and beautiful dance expressed the expectation of spring. In the poem says: &quot;Hello, my mountains, land and homeland. We look for the sweet spring, spring of life. Spring brings me joy and desire for life. Spring brings me strength and inspiration. &quot;Foto: Archive 2009. A celebration for the people of Tibet. 28 March was marked by the first&quot; Day of the liberation of one million serfs in Tibet. &quot; 50 years ago, the Chinese central government in Tibet has launched a movement of democratic reform and abolished the feudal serfdom. Thus, more than 95 percent of serfs in Tibet was liberated and became masters of their region. At the conference, the autonomous region of Tibet held in January 2009.
 year, 382 representatives have unanimously agreed that the 28th March each year, celebrated as &quot;Liberation Day one million serfs in Tibet.&quot; Before noon March 28, 2009. In, the Potala Palace square in the Tibetan capital, Lasi, held a ceremony marking. And the same day evening by artists from Tibet and other areas with national Minorities in Beijing participated in the &quot;Put the sun,&quot; together celebrating this important holiday. The audience is through the songs, dances and poignant story accompanied by great changes of life of residents in Tibet over the past 50 years. Artist sings a song released from Tibet Tsaidan Choma. She is the daughter of the serf, and became a respected and well known singer. This song talks about the joy of the liberated and restored. In April 2009. The ninth is an open music festival gathering in Beijing. &quot;More than 50 Chinese and foreign ensembles and 600 artists from more than 20 countries gathered in Beijing.
 During the month is connected to charm the world of classical Chinese art and culture, it was one of the most spectacular events including art activities in the first half of 2009. year. The arrival of the holidays is one of the songs from the concert &quot;Love of Taranto, the Italian Folk Ensemble. Taranta is a beautiful town in southern Italy.&quot; Love of Taranto &quot;a concert of Italian national music, dances and songs ljubavih. During a tour in China, and chief conductor of this ensemble, Mr. Ambrogio Sparagna said: &quot;We want this concert to be a bridge of communication. Italians know little about China. It seems to me that the Chinese also do not know much about Italy. I hope that we will in this way to learn about the great cultural wealth of both countries. &quot;8 June 2009. Mr openly artwork marking the 60th anniversary of New China. During the 4 months, more than 110 plays from all areas of China was performed 400 times in all the theaters in Beijing, which attracted over 300 000 spectators.
 Topics and genres were diverse. Versatile are shown highlighted the achievements of Chinese culture and art since the establishment of the People&#39;s Republic of China, especially since the opening to the world. Photo: Archives of symphonic works, &quot;New China&#39;s growing here&quot; was created hebejski Symphony Orchestra. The first part of the impression of Sibaipo. The work describes the musical language of the brilliant history of New China, the melodious melody evokes the green mountains and beautiful village in Sibaipou. Polyphonic music talking about the return of spring and renewal of all. When you ignore the spectacle from 2009. year, we must not forget the great music dance epic &quot;The road to revival.&quot; This spectacle is specially created for the 60th anniversary of founding of PR China. The performance lasted for 3 hours. The conductor of this musical and theatrical works of Zhang Jigang said: &quot;It is a spectacle that covers the longest historical range. This ep is a dialogue across time and space between the modern and ancient China, and represents a kind of visual shock. &quot; Zhang Jigang and his team have designed the perfect stage &quot;Road to Renaissance&quot; and won high marks.
 So far, the &quot;Road to Renaissance&quot; 13 times shown. 1 October is the day of the People&#39;s Republic of China. Morning 1 October 2009., In Beijing held a big parade on the occasion of 60th anniversary of the People&#39;s Republic of China, which attracted worldwide attention. Song joyous day with fun October 1 at Tiananmen Square. sings a famous singer Song Zuying. In the poem says: &quot;The drum brings joy every year. Today is a joyous day. Do not lose valuable time. Tomorrow will also be a joyous day. Let&#39;s enjoy the peace and booming. &quot;With this cheerful song, members of all ethnicities danced, wearing national costumes, and directing a deep love of mainstream country. Xia Zhang, a member of the Tong nationality in Hunan province, was at the party. She is a journalist quoted her agitated mood &quot;The power of country is fortunate peoples. Our nationality and the country will certainly be more powerful. We are very proud of. I believe that we will have even greater prosperity.&quot; Eleventh Shanghai International Festival was opened on 18
 October, it was the featured Leipzig wind and string orchestra from Germany, Chinese famous cellist Ma Joujou, Les Ballets de Monte Carlo in Monaco and other Chinese and foreign ensembles.
 