Dentex &#39;10 will bring together in one place all the major manufacturers and suppliers of dental equipment, supplies and services and also allow their direct communication with potential customers and users of dental services. Exhibitors Fair Dentex exhibited in the pavilions 7 and 7a. Croatian Chamber of dental medicine, members of chambers are evaluated visit the fair with 2 points. Fair program of dental health: the fairs, MEDICINE AND TECHNOLOGY Dentex and attended by more than 270 exhibitors from 29 countries, a total of 9214 square meters of exhibition space. Participating countries: Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Italy, Israel, Japan, Canada, China-Taiwan, Korea, Liechtenstein, Hungary, Netherlands, Pakistan, Poland, Russian Federation, USA, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Great Britain and Northern Ireland and Croatia. Sponsor of the Fair MEDICINE AND TECHNOLOGY and Dentex 2010th
 The Ministry of Health and Social Welfare Croatian. Trade visitors, especially the cost of service in hospitals and other medical institutions will be able to see exhibitions on this news in the field of medical, laboratory, rehabilitation and dental equipment and devices, so it is expected that the Fairs useful for this purpose. It should be borne in mind that the fair MEDICINE AND TECHNOLOGY (with the program Dentex) years of solid point of reference and secure point of reference for a decision on at least part of these purchases. We hope you will play that position this year. The exhibition this year MEDICINE AND TECHNOLOGY and Dentex&#39;s, during all days of the program follows a rich professional and accompanying events (conferences, presentations, seminars, symposia and conferences), which makes them a reference point for the gathering professions, the presentation of new features and provide insight into the possibility of using new technologies.
 Professional Program of Medicine and the cover of priest and Dentex From professional attendant program: A successful project in the fair, MEDICINE AND TECHNOLOGY is the eighth International Competition Team Emergency Location and održavanjasubota 15.05.2010. Zagreb Fair - open space along South Gate Sunday, the 16th 05th and Monday, 17.05.2010. Solaris - Sibenik, Sibenik-Knin County Patrons of the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare Croatian, Zagreb - The City Department of Health and Veterans Zagreb Fair Organizer: Project Team MEDICINE AND TECHNOLOGY Co-Regional Center for Assistance and Disaster Relief - Divulje Participants emergency teams medical aid members of the jury of the Croatian Mountain Rescue Service - Station Zagreb, 15.05. at 12.00 in the event of urgent medical assistance team will perform rapid evacuation drill demonstration injured person from a high building / roof building system &quot;Tyrolian traverse.
 Croatian Mountain Rescue Service, this year marks 60 years of its successful existence as a national service that gathers mountain rescuers, rescue developed in Croatia, accompanied by concern about safety in the mountains, and will represent Croatia in the international family of rescue services. For the duration of Medicine and Technology Exhibition / Dentex promotional materials, photographs and video presentations will be presented to the public, and to point out and warn of the dangers when moving in the mountains. For a wide audience MEDICINE AND TECHNOLOGY Dentex and as always, preparing facilities such as free medical check-ups, diagnostics, and expert advice in the organization of various societies, educational centers, counseling centers, associations, institutes. Inauguration Fairs in Thursday, the 13th May 2010. at 11.00 hrs in the Congress Hall of the Zagreb Fair. Fairs opens Dr. Drazen Jurkovic, State Secretary in the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare, Mr. Representative.
 Darko Milinovic MD, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Health and Social Welfare Croatian. Media Partners fairs are a group of media and Dental Center zdravlja.net. The awarding ceremony for exhibitors: The traditional allocation of awards to exhibitors for the successful participation in the organization of the Zagreb Fair and the awarding ceremony of the Croatian Chamber of dental medicine organized by the Croatian Chamber of Dental Medicine will be held on Friday, 14 May at 13.00 hours in the gym club exhibitors. Ticket prices: For organized visits of 25 or more persons shall be granted a discount on ticket prices by 20%. Fair Catalogue, large format, full color, with a review of professional events, advertisements and permanently useful information will be available at the box office at a cost of 15 kuna. Opening hours: Benefits for visitors: Visitors Croatia Airlines offers special discounts on tickets for international flights.
 All detailed information can be obtained from the offices of the company or by phone. 01/6160 126. Croatian Railways, Official Croatian and Slovenia will be given 40% discount on return tickets. Press Center: the first floor of the South entrance to ZF, the press service every day of the fair tel.: 01/6503-306, 6503-524, fax: 01/6523-291 Contact person: Roman Prince, Public Relations tel.: 01/6503 -412, e-mail: rkraljevic © zv.hr INTERESTING to large audiences free general overview, diagnosis, and expert advice GLOBAL HEALTH CONSULTING (pav. 6 / št.10) ZEPTER INTERNATIONAL (6 pav. / St. 26) A POLIKLINIKA CROATIA HEALTH INSURANCE (pav. 6/št. 16) EUROPE SCAT (pav. 6/št. 2) &quot;Protect yourself&quot; - SCAT Safety Caps and SCAT Safety Waste Caps - protective caps Medicines Agency (pav. 6/št. 34) BUREAU of Public Health Dr. School of Public Health &quot;(pav.6/št.1 and 4) CITY OFFICE FOR HEALTH AND VETERANS CROATIAN SOCIETY FOR OSTEOPOROSIS (pav.
 6/št. 4) Clinic for respiratory diseases (6 pav. / St. 4) 13 and 14 05 10:00 to 15:00 pm Welcome to the 38th Medicine and Technology &amp; Dentex
 