&quot;Interior Minister informed me that the cracks occurred on the northern walls of the container with the corner collapsed, making it possible that the whole wall collapsed,&quot; said Hungarian Prime Minister Orban told reporters in e the. &quot;If the fuel tank rebates, will pour 500,000 cubic meters of mud,&quot; said the premier, but added that the density of the sludge is greater than the approximately 1.1 million cubic meters of sludge were trespass on Monday, causing the largest ever environmental disaster in Hungary. Orban also announced changes in relation to the environmental policies of his government, saying that &quot;begins a new era&quot; and that &quot;someone else to manage things,&quot; but warned &quot;there will be consequences.&quot; Due to the risk of new spills of toxic sludge authorities on Saturday morning evacuated 800 residents of Kolontar near the aluminum factory, which was first injured in ecological disaster.
 The river will put a total of 12,000 tons of gypsum According to latest information, mechanisms for cooperation in civil protection, in a chemical accident in Hungary, killing seven people and one person is still registered as missing, however, said the National Protection and Rescue (DUZS) . &quot;The area affected by the red mud is estimated to be 800-1016 acres. The rescue and clearing of endangered field included 927 people and 130 vehicles,&quot; said DUZS. It is emphasized that the primary task of bringing the pH of the water in polluted rivers Raba Marcal and the level of tolerance, adding gypsum River. Until now, used 4000 tons of gypsum, and plans to add 8000 tons. Ph value of the river measured in Friday at 14 hours was 8.78. After the mud dries, risk of dust due to the potential creation of red dust after drying mud, began to control air pollution, and everyone in the affected area divided protective masks.
 Hungarian Government has requested assistance from the EU in the form of sending experts. The arrival of experts in Hungary is expected on Monday. DUZS will however continue to be in regular direct contact with professional emergency services and the public timely informed of any changes to the situation, said in a statement. Previous articles: dead fish floating on the Danube (10.07.2010.) PHOTO: Toxic sludge yet reached a tributary of the Danube (07.10.2010.) Toxic sludge in Hungary claimed a sixth victim (08.10.2010.) Arrives toxic sludge, evacuation in Hungary ( 09.10.2010.) Hina | Danas.hr 09.10.2010.
 