By the number of liberal-democratic government ministers, including the Deputy Prime Clegg as it is clear that the Liberal Democrats asked a lot of thanks to Cameron confusing signals from all sides, the ship &quot;United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland&quot; is entered after the parliamentary elections on October 6 . May in an entirely new and unknown waters. Signals sent to the electorate ovdašnjoj political class were are numerous and contradictory. Mention just a few. Defeat Labour&#39;s anger against the parliamentarians of manipulating and compacting otherwise allowed by law costs services. The fear of drastic public spending cuts needed to avoid a deep charge Kingdom fate of de facto bankrupt Greece. Wish that these cuts are still as easy, no rise in unemployment. Laburističkog departure from Prime Minister Gordon Brown (though not to the same extent and with his party). It is suspected by many voters that the Conservatives under the leadership of an inexperienced David Cameron right party that the country-so much pain out of the crisis.
 The wish that all politicians work together to resolve the crisis. Hope to here as the new forces could play a positive role fresh, unspent politically liberal Democrats, led by Nick Clegg, who impressed the public in pre-election TV debate with Brown and Cameron. This ambivalence is reflected in election results. Labor suffered defeat and lost the majority in parliament, but the Conservatives, despite having received the most votes and most seats, did not win an absolute majority in parliament. Contrary to expectations, the Liberal Democrats have received even fewer seats than in previous elections, but the role of kingmaker, so without them there is no new government. The public&#39;s fear that dominated the conclusion of weak government after prolonged political bargaining in the UK, nenavikloj (unlike the rest of Europe) coalition negotiations, could seriously harm the country&#39;s rating in world financial markets.
 However, like European sailors XV. and XVI century, who are looking for a new world of always somehow arrived at the target (although this has not always been the one under which vessels), and you have befallen the British - and even better than you might expect. There was much assisted by an experienced British bureaucracy - also known Croatian viewers from the popular series &quot;Yes, Minister&quot; and &quot;Yes, Prime Minister&quot; - who are well prepared for this situation and provide the necessary machinery of negotiation and rules of the game. The most important rule was that Prime Minister Brown and his government remain in position until it becomes clear that a politician can secure a majority in the House. And then it began. Brown&#39;s call From the first show that with 306 Conservatives and Liberal Democrats with 57 manadata can quite easily to form a coalition government, with a safe majority in the 650-member lower house. When Cameron called Clegg to open negotiations about a coalition, they immediately responded.
 As is also well known that most liberal Democrats - and certainly the majority of party members - prefer a coalition with the Labour Party than with the Conservatives, did not surprise anyone that the Liberal Democrats also responded to Brown&#39;s call for talks on the possible creation of &quot;progressive coalition&quot; (although angered conservatives as liberal Democrats, and they initially failed negotiations). Liberal Democrats has even been offered the withdrawal of an unpopular Brown, Clegg, with whom he has been excluded in advance cooperation. These negotiations have failed, mainly because such a &quot;lab-lib&quot; coalition (258 plus 57) would not have a majority in parliament without the support or either side of this or any other reason unacceptable partners among smaller parties. Tired of power It is the resistance of Labour, behind which may hide not only tired from 13 years of government but also hopes that, after several years of very unpopular measures to reduce public spending, whoever now takes over lose the next election.
 When it became clear that of these other options will not be anything, the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats were quick to reach final agreement on Tuesday afternoon, at which Brown went to Buckingham Palace the Queen to resign, and Cameron later came thither to receive from the mandate to form the government. Boards of both parties, meanwhile, approved a coalition agreement. As I write this, the coalition government has not yet fully formed, but the number of liberal-democratic government ministers, including Clegg and Cameron as deputy prime minister, it is clear that the Liberal Democrats won major concessions, but only the first step to reform the electoral system , one of its most important goals. An extraordinary situation Conservatives, however, have the power now, with a far stronger mandate to reduce the deficit and the resurgence of economic growth. Despite large differences between the two parties in various sectors, there are quite a decent prospect for cooperation in the government.
 Paragon this coalition could be Churchill&#39;s wartime government since 1940. 1945., which is somewhat logical, because the current situation in Britain is somewhat similar to a war. Number of recommendations: 10 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 