VIDEO: U.S. threatens the biggest eco-disaster ikadaviše U.S. President Barack Obama will visit the Gulf region to be personally convinced of the efforts being made to protect the shoreline from zagađanje oil slick caused by foundering platform, &quot;said deputy White House spokesman Bill Burton. Obama on Friday said that his administration is taking the greatest efforts in the fight with the oil spots from wells British Petrol, and that in these efforts along the coast of Louisiana, Missisippija, Alabama and Florida over 2,000 members participating federal agencies and about 300 ships and aircraft. They are the most vulnerable areas set up dozens of kilometers of protective floating barriers, as the ship chemicals to disperse oil degradation. British Petrol is also making great efforts to eliminate consequences of leaking oil, engaging them in their boats and local fishermen. In place of broken installs wells at a depth of 1,500 meters, from which expires in 5000 barrels per day of oil, BP is trying to lower the spray chemicals that prevented the crude oil rising to the surface.
 The Coast Guard estimates that up to now at least 1.6 million gallons (7270 tonnes) of oil run out into the ocean from 20 April when the explosion on the platform of the Deepwater Horizon killed 11 workers. The platform sank a day later. In general average notorious Exxon Valdez tanker 1989th spilled 11 million gallons (50,000 tons) of oil that is difficult to contaminate the coast of Alaska. Experts say that the current ecological disaster is a light oil that is easily degraded by heavy oil from Alaska. Area&#39;&#39;oil slicks on Saturday has tripled to about 10,000 square kilometers&#39;&#39;said Hans Graber, director of the Center for Tropical Research, University of Louisiana. &quot;The stain spreads much faster than estimated,&quot; said Graber Associated Press, adding that the hole is probably running out even more oil. Oil Spill in the Gulf of Mexico will disappear vatriviše Ian MacDonald, professor of oceanography at Florida State University, estimated on the basis of maps of the Coast Guard and satellite imagery that is more by 28
 April leaked 35-40000000 tons. Stains debt of more than 210 km and 110 km wide, threatening hundreds of animal species, including birds, dolphins, fish, shrimp, oysters and crabs that make the Gulf Coast one of the richest fishing areas in the U.S., with the largest fishing industry after the one in Alaska . Previous article: And Obama went into battle with a large oil slick (30.04.2010.) Hina | Danas.hr 02.05.2010.
 