Politics, World Tuesday, 23.03.2010. Tags: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Middle East 23:08 Netanyahu: construction dispute may delay the peace negotiations, the U.S. acceptance of Palestinian demands that Israel halt construction in east Jerusalem could delay the Middle East peace talks for a year, said Tuesday in Washington, Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. &quot;During the 42 years we have built up in Jewish neighborhoods of Jerusalem. Nobody contradicted it,&quot; Netanyahu said at a meeting with the president of the House of Representatives Speaker Nancy Pelosi, according to his spokesman, Nira Hefeza, cited by Bloomberg News. &quot;It&#39;s never been a moot point between us and the U.S.,&quot; said Netanyahu. &quot;The Palestinians are now setting up a new application. If this requirement is adopted, we are responsible for the loss of another year,&quot; he added. Netanyahu met with Pelosi, before planned talks with President Barack Obama, which would, according to an announcement from the White House should discuss the launching of indirect peace talks Israel and the Palestinians in the mediation of U.S. envoy George Mitchell.
 White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said that Obama-Netanyahu meeting &quot;private meeting&quot;, and so far not announced a statement after the meeting. Obama will seek to create &quot;an atmosphere of trust and open dialogue,&quot; said Gibbs. With Netanyahu, who is in Washington for the annual meeting of the American-Jewish umbrella organization AIPAC lobbyist, had previously met Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Vice President Joe Biden, in efforts to ease tensions between the U.S. and Israel, provoked by the publication of the construction of 1600 housing units in the Jewish settlement of Ramat Shlomo in the Arab east Jerusalem, during a visit to Israel Joe Biden 9th March Palestinians have been linked to participate in indirect peace talks with the cancellation of construction plans. &quot;Netanyahu has caused the international community. The policy of the Israeli government and Netanyahove provocative statements about the intention to continue settlement, are pouring oil on fire,&quot; said chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat for Bloomberg News.
 (H)
 