Plan B did it! Corresponding drill was able to drill a tunnel 622 feet long by Chilean miners trapped since 5 August in the depths of the mine in San Jose, and tomorrow should be lowered a special capsule - that will lift the miners, one by one, pull the light of day. Sama &quot;ride&quot; to the surface miners will be unpleasant (will last about half an hour and will have to stand on their feet in a coffin-like capsule that will have to rotate a few times), but it can not even compare to what awaits them when they got out on fresh air. The atmosphere will be more emotional and family of miners who, despite difficult conditions &quot;studios&quot; at 700 meters the last two months was home. It is logical that they are accustomed to it, and psychologists warn that no amount of &quot;training&quot; that they can prepare for what awaits them on the surface. The world wants to see and hear every detail in connection with the miners - the journalists waiting at the exit / AFP One thing is for sure - except the family, the miners would be &quot;pluck&quot; and even the force of 750 journalists for several days camped near the drill, and all in order to obtain photos, interviews, something the world wants to see or hear ...
 Paradoxically, warn psychologists and marketing experts, to a forced two-month stay at 700 meters deep in the earth miners could significantly improve the finances, while their mental state actually becomes questionable. - People who come from the bottom of the mine are completely changed, and along with them are changed and their families - said Sergio Gonzales psychologist at the University of Santiago. His colleague, Claus Behn, specializing in disorders caused by survival in extreme situations, has a similar opinion. - The company will want to know everything about them, their every minute, and the media will be willing to pay as much need for it, which will cause changes in behavior - said Behn. But the fact is that they are heroes, and some of them could become a star - has been invited to the presidential palace, in numerous TV shows, waiting in line, and publishers of books, as well as employers.
 In short, the money will come in miners at high speed, which will change their lives. Chile&#39;s government promised them a half years of therapy to make it easier to submit release from custody. In addition, the miners were last week and passed a course of dealing with the media where they were preparing to questions they might ask, a former reporter Alejandro Pino, one of the team in charge of &quot;media training&quot;, praised the 33 miners. The flow of money will be unhappy miners intense, but - temporarily, but it is only trifles compared with what awaits them.
 