Beginning of the war was marked by inter alia complete air dominance of the Yugoslav Air Force. Most of the aircraft before the war were taken to the territory that is controlled by the JNA, including hints-21. [Edit] defectors [edit] Rudolf Rudolf Perešin Perešin the MiG-21 first attempt dobavke fighter aircraft (MiG-21R) Croatia took place 25th October 1991. When Rudolf Perešin defected. It was that day that took off from an underground air base Željava in regular reconnaissance missions over the territory of Slovenia and the Croatian and when it came time to return to base, he went in the direction of the Austrian city of Klagenfurt, since there was no sense to bring the plane to Croatia because it could easily destroy the JNA. Its aim was temporarily allight in Austria and the plane returned to Croatia when the conditions allowed it, but Austrian authorities have kept the aircraft and is still located in the museum in Klagenfurt.
 Perešin later returned to Croatia, and soon became the first commander of the Croatian squadron of fighter jets until you are shot down 1995th Flash course of action when he disappeared without a trace. [Edit] Daniel Borović Although the flight of Rudolf Perešina caused a great deal of attention, Croatia still has not received its first fighter aircraft because the Austrian government maintained its MiG-21. 4th February 1992. Pilot Daniel Borović together in formation with other aircraft took off from bases Željava. Soon odovojio from other aircraft and headed for Puli, where he landed in the evening despite the complete confusion and provided little illumination runway. On the day of flight, organized the transport of his family in Croatia. He later became deputy, and after the death of Rudolf Perešina and commander of the first Croatian squadron of fighter jets. [Edit] Ivandić Ivica and Ivan Selak in May 1992nd The war in Croatia has already largely been in progress a previous flight after the pilot Daniel juniper and Rudolf Perešina caution in &quot;aviation&quot; JNA was increased.
 Eyes and ears were everywhere, and Ivandić Selak and should not have anything left to chance. However, they did not want to go to Croatia alone, they wanted to &quot;take&quot; their craft. Some aggravating circumstances are prolonged lot: Ivandić a year before the flight had problems with the fire on the plane, and Selak was in October 1991. also experienced a plane crash, in which two of his colleagues destroyed. He was the only survivor. Selak and Ivandić the &quot;Avenger of Dubrovnik&quot; Therefore, permission to fly again be given only in March 1992. The moment of decision came on 15 May 1992. Part of the squadron, with eight aircraft in four pairs, in which he flew and Ivandić, rehearsed a program to celebrate &quot;On Air&quot;. One pilot has fallen off due to health problems in the last couple of flying has fallen Selak. For flight planning, two Croats, did not even look. They would not be detected, but they knew that there was a decisive moment.
 First flew Ivandić. It has already worked around the circle of Serbia and had no problems with the fuel. Specifically, in accordance with the agreement he waited Depends radiopotvrdu, otherwise completely regular, that he flew. When the confirmation finally arrived, Ivandić went to Split. The center of Dalmatia was logical, the closest option. His colleagues are soon separated from your &quot;money&quot; and went to Zagreb. He had too much fuel. But both would be, depending on the circumstances, landed anywhere, &quot;even on the highway, only in Croatia.&quot; Both were happily landed, Ivandić to Resnik, and Selak to dance. Now Croatian MiG&#39;s &quot;Avenger of Vukovar&quot; (Ivandićev) and &quot;Avenger of Dubrovnik&quot; (Depends) operated in the actions of the liberation of Dubrovnik. The two pilots by the end of the war in fact did not fly combat ceased to operate, while building a modern Croatian Air Force. &quot;Our enthusiasm and patriotism were decisive, but it is interesting that all Croatian pilots actually trained in the flight system of the so-called.
 Eastern Block, immediately began working on changing the flight of the doctrine. &quot;Avenger of Dubrovnik&quot; acted throughout the war, and even later, and scrapped in 2004. &quot;Avenger of Vukovar&quot; was later shot down, his last flight was on 14 September 1993. Was destroyed by Vrginmost missiles hit Serbian and it was piloted and, unfortunately, killed Col. Croatian Miroslav Peris. [Edit] The new aircraft order the Croatian Air Force developed, and the war still lasted, there was also a time to Croatia equipment, combat aircraft in order to effectively participate in the war. With the acquisition is begun before the end of 1993. and in early 1994. and purchased for 40 aircraft from Ukraine, a variant of Bis and UM. The aircraft were dismantled in Poland, and thus came across Slovačkei Hungary to Croatia. Below is a list of aircraft that entered service, while it is important to note that a dozen of them used as a source of parts for other hints.
 Hrvatka aircraft based at two bases, 21 ELI (squadron of fighter planes) to dance in Zagreb, and another, 22 ELI in Pula. The tables are presented only the currently active jets, but all of which are used from the time of purchase. Mount air-to-air missile on MiG-21 [edit] 21 ELI 101 Note label Retrieved escaped Daniel Borovic 102 Retrieved escaped Ivan Selak, became the &quot;Avenger of Dubrovnik&quot;. 103 Ivica Ivandića Retrieved escaped, became &quot;the Avenger of Vukovar. Downed 14th September 1993. killing Colonel Miroslav Peris. 104 Ukraine 105 Purchased Purchased Purchased in the Ukraine 106 Ukraine 107 Ukraine 108 Purchased Purchased in the Ukraine, Romania moderiniziran 2003rd 109 Purchased in Ukraine. Pao 14th August 1996. the routine flight near Velika Gorica, killing pilot John Bosnar. 113 Purchased in Ukraine 116 Ukraine 119 Purchased Purchased in Ukraine. Downed second
 May 1995. at Bosanska Gradiska. Pilot Rudolf Perešin up and catapulted him to the ground captured by enemy forces. 121 Purchased in Ukraine, Romania moderiniziran 2003rd 122 Purchased in Ukraine, Romania moderiniziran 2003rd 123 Purchased in Ukraine. 124 Purchased in Ukraine. 125 Purchased in Ukraine. 126 Purchased in Ukraine. MiG-21 108 tags [edit] 22 ELI Tag Note 110 Purchased in Ukraine, Romania moderiniziran 2003rd 111 Purchased in Ukraine. 112 Purchased in Ukraine. Purchased 114 115 Purchased in Ukraine in Ukraine, Romania moderiniziran 2003rd 117 Purchased in Ukraine, Romania moderiniziran 2003rd Purchased 118 120 Purchased in Ukraine in Ukraine, Romania moderiniziran 2003rd [Edit] Two seat MiG-21UM, &quot;chequy tags Tag 165 Note 195 MiG-21U, stayed behind in Zemunik JNA. 160 Purchased in Ukraine. 161 Purchased in Ukraine. 162 Purchased in Ukraine 163 Ukraine 164 Purchased Purchased in Poland, moderiniziran in Romania.
 165 Purchased in Poland, moderiniziran in Romania. Specially painted in the Croatian national colors and got the nickname &quot;cubes.&quot; 166 Purchased in Poland, moderiniziran in Romania. 167 Purchased in Poland, moderiniziran in Romania. Retrieved from &quot;http://hr.wikibooks.org/wiki/MiG-21/Sadr% C5% BEaj/MiG-21_u_Hrvatskoj&quot; Template: MiG-21
 