artistic impressions zelenolg dragon very closely related to the previously mentioned companies Thule and Vril Society was the Green Dragon. This order or any society is the Japanese secret society dedicated to mastering the human body and weather organism or &quot;etheric body&quot;. Mastery of these skills enabled, obviously, a great power. Also, the members of this society had the ability to predict. Other sources say that they were able to dominate the elements inside your body where it probably just thought those istočnjančke. (5 elements). Higher degrees of initiation required the candidates to their own will force the seed to sprout. Japanese red differed from Western secret societies precisely the explicit requirements for proof, and also the cost of failure. In previous posts I mentioned Karl Haushofer, one of the architects of Nazi ideas and Nazi geo politics, which was also a fan of Alan Le Vey.
 Haushofer was one of only three Westerners who Karl Haushofer managed to become a member of the Green Dragon Society at a time when he was military attache in Tokyo just before the First World War. As I previously wrote about the Thule and Vril societies would not now go into detail about the relationship between these companies, but I&#39;ll let the readers to relate their own &quot;strings&quot;. In spominjanoj Nazi expedition to Tibet (1926-1942) The Nazis tried to make contact with the so-called. &quot;Cave prophets of Tibet.&quot; Members of the expedition were reportedly contacted Agartha connoisseurs. Some of them have returned to Germany in 1929 and formed a lodge in Berlin, Munich and Nuremberg, however, while some sources say that the Lodge was formed only in Berlin. Tibetan monks in Germany were known as the Society of Green Men, the best known among them as a monk Green Glove / Arm. He was widely known for his clairvoyant and prophetic abilities.
 On one occasion he had an audience with Hitler. Green People Company has reportedly been in centuries &quot;astral connection&quot; with the Society of the Green Dragon. The already deeply disturbed by Hitler&#39;s mind many utopian ideas about racial purity and the creation of the Aryan race, was born the idea that the Society of Green People helps in converting the Aryans in godlike creatures. Although this sounds to progressive science fiction, the activities of this society were held in the utmost secrecy. Green People Company fell into disfavor during the transition from 1943 to 1944, no one knows exactly whether the inability to change the course of the war or because I Haushoferov son participated in an attempt to assassinate Hitler. According to some sources, &quot;green men&quot; were sent to concentration camps along with other political opponents, as indeed there are records in the Russian archives that when entering the Soviet Army in Berlin found many bodies of Tibetans.
 Most of them committed suicide by driving a knife into the belly. Some sources say that they were in German uniforms with no features, and others that were completely naked. Because of this failure, Haushofer was first killed his own wife, and then execute him &quot;seppuku&quot; as a member of the Order dolikovalo Green Dragon. The last members of the Society of Green People disappeared in 1959, the arrival of the Chinese Communists after the annexation of Tibet. Association with the Black Dragon Društrvom Ryohei Uchida Besides the above, the Company or Red Green Dragon was closely associated with the Black Dragon Society poznatijiem that definitely was actually known as Kokuryukai.U dljanjem text of the Black Dragon Society I mean abbreviation DCZ ladi ease of writing. So this is a company incorporated in Japan 1,901th years and was an outgrowth even drevnijeg Japanese secret society or Genyosha Black Ocean. Like its predecessor, DCZ was militant ultra-nationalist body that is aimed at expanding Japan&#39;s influence on the mainland of Asia.
 His goals are koncetrirali to fight against Russian influence in Manchuria koneskoj province. DCZ owes its name to just the Amur River, known as &quot;Black Dragon&quot;, which is separated Manchuria and Russian Siberia. Spies Network Company of the Black Dragon had an important role in the Russo-Japanese War (1904-05) and later expanded its activities to Asia, Europe, and even the Americas. For the founder and leader of the DCZ and said Ryohei Uchida, no real master and ruler of the shadows was Uchidin sinister mentor Mitsuru Toyama also one of the founders Genyoshe. He was known for his deep involvement in &quot;extreme eastern religious beliefs.&quot; This contributed to the reputation of the Company and the Green Dragon, which was received by the attributes of mysticism and the occult. Therefore, they could ask and is forging plans tend Toyama was leading in both societies? Black Dragon Society its name as we have said over the Amur River and the Black Dragon, which is separated Manchuria and Russia, and only a little further south was the river Qinglong or &quot;Green Dragon&quot;, which is separated from the rest of Manchuria China.
 Rare photographs Chang Kai Sheck and current leader of the Black Dragon Society Toyomoa Mitsurua from 1927. Both companies were closely linked and while the Black Dragon Society aimed to destroy Russian influence in Manchuria, the Company operated the Green Dragon is a Chinese counter. Black Dragon Society is more concerned with the political component, while the Green Dragon Society dealt with the occult teachings. However, a very obscure reference, which separates the two societies can be found in the memoirs of other women of Chinese hero Chiang Kai-shek&#39;s. It states in part that her husband was thinking about how to create a network of undercover investigators organized on the model of society green and black dragon and a triad in Shanghai. In his mind these two companies operated separately, but not necessarily to be unrelated. As we mentioned DCZ was deeply involved in various subversive and spying, and was regarded as an extended arm of the secret service of the Imperial Army.
 Also, it is known that the Imperial Navy had its own secret service Joho Kyoko, which is perhaps the same way korustilo Services Company Green Dragon. A controversial theory about the seven heads the Green Dragon beast with seven heads of Albrecht Durer the Green Dragon Society is mentioned in questionable work &quot;Les Sept Tetes du Dragon Vert&quot; (The seven heads are green dragons) Teddy Legrand from 1933. herself as a dragon with seven heads ten horns and seven crowns from the biblical &quot;Revelation&quot; 12:3, just as &quot;The Beast&quot; is not red, but green. In general this work the Green Dragon Society, or part of the &quot;Green&quot; shows a sinister society founded on the teachings of Kabbalah with aspirations for world domination. Their ideas and goals neodoljlivo resemble those of the Illuminati. An interesting detail is that the act mentions the exact number zavjernika or 72 of them, and them as &quot;72 unknown parent.&quot; Their goal is to create wars, revolution and chaos, and attributed them to raise the French Revolution, the murder of Franz Ferdinand, encouraging the Bolshevik Revolution, the murder of Romanov and many events that have influenced the creation of the overall world picture.
 Taking all the above in mind it is reasonable to connect the Green Dragon Company with Nazi ideas and Nazi occultism, which was mentioned in some later, less important works.
 