U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday after a marathon meeting in New York released a joint statement which announced that it will &quot;cooperate closely in the coming days,&quot; according to the continuation of direct talks on peace in the Middle East. &#39;&#39;The talks between Prime Minister and Secretary of State focused on the enabling conditions for the continuation of direct negotiations aimed at creating two states. Their teams will be on the order closely work together in the coming days, said in a joint statement that reluctantly, after daylong talks&#39;&#39;, published by the State Department. The talks were described as &quot;friendly and productive exchange of views&quot; with no mention of progress toward returning to the negotiating table the Prime Minister Netanyahu and Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. In separate announcements of quotation marks is that Clinton has reiterated that the U.S. believes that through negotiations in good faith, the parties may agree on the outcome of which will end the conflict and be aligned with the Palestinian goal of an independent and viable State, on the borders of 1967., Agreed with replacement (the territory) and with the aim of Israeli Jewish state with secure and recognized borders which reflect the subsequent development and satisfy Israeli security needs &quot;.
 By the Clinton-Netanyahu meeting, which was also attended by U.S. special Middle East izaslasnik George Mitchell, came two days after American criticism of Israeli plans to build 1300 new dwellings in the Arab, East Jerusalem, reports Friday Hina. Direct peace talks between Israel and the Palestinian Authority, which began with a ceremony at the White House first September, broke the deadlock in less than a month later when he ended a partial 10-month moratorium on the construction of Israel&#39;s West Bank. President Abbas has refused to resume negotiations if Israel does not stop the colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories. Around half a million Jews settled in the West Bank and East Jerusalem since Israel 1967th and the occupied territories in the Middle East war. UN calls the illegal Jewish settlements, according to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) they are a violation of the Fourth Geneva Convention relative to the activity in the occupied territories.
 Palestinians are planning to make East Jerusalem the capital of their future state. Israel has annexed this part of 1980th you never internationally recognized. The Israeli government seeks to build in East Jerusalem is treated differently from those in the rest of the West Bank which was recently repeated by Prime Minister Netanyahu.
 