The Belgian government has formally dropped when King Albert II. accepted the resignation of Prime Minister Yves Letermea, after disagreements between the Flemish and valonskih parties on electoral boundaries in the Brussels area. The problem is even bigger as Belgium in July to take over the EU presidency. Unofficial information indicates possible early elections in June. Francophone Belgian newspaper Le Soir in turn predicts breakup of Belgium because of the language division and discord. Le Soir is in fact asks &quot;Is this country still make sense?&quot;, &quot;Goodbye Belgium&quot; title of the article in the newspaper Le Derniere Heure. Flemish far-right nationalist party on Tuesday demanded even &quot;currently dissolution&quot; of Belgium. &quot;Serious political crisis shows clearly that the Belgian model completely failed,&quot; said Filip Dewinter, head of the branch of Vlaams Belang in the Flemish parliament and party leader. &quot;The disease is called Belgium and the only cure is the independence of Flanders,&quot; he added in a statement.
 His party filed a bill Flemish regional parliament for the preparation of immediate dissolution of the kingdom. &quot;When is an independent, Flanders will fulfill its international obligations as the successor to the Belgian government and will remain a partner in the European and Atlantic cooperation,&quot; he said. In Belgium has two linguistic groups, Flemish and Francophone Walloons made up the majority, and there is a small group of citizens who speak German. Two of the greatest Belgian region of Flanders in the north, where Dutch is spoken, and Wallonia in the south where French is spoken. The Belgian government has declined because of conflict about special voting rights of citizens who speak French and live in areas near the Dutch-speaking Brussels. Conflict refers to the community in a suburb of Brussels, which tend to retain their Flemish identity by blocking migration of citizens who speak French and trying to deny them their special voting rights.
 Disagreements between the Flemish and Walloon minority of most frequently threaten the stability of the Belgian government, but analysts assessed the current crisis is extremely dangerous. From the coalition on 22 April stepped Flemish Liberals because of the language dispute between Flemings and Walloons. Open VLD Flemish party said it had lost confidence in the government for its way of resolving the dispute between valonskih and Flemish parties. Leterme was then handed over the government&#39;s resignation just five months after the entry into prime position. &quot;I regret that the necessary dialogue to reach an agreement have failed such as we had hoped,&quot; said Leterme who offered his resignation for the third time since July 2008. King had previously warned that the political crisis could damage the reputation of Belgium in Europe. Deputy Prime Minister Didier Reynders urged the king to dismiss him mediating in the political crisis. King Albert then asked Yves Letermea to remain acting prime minister while he considers options, including the possibility of new elections.
 Acting Prime Minister Yves Leterme said on Wednesday that the head of his political party expected to lead the party elections, which excluded the possibility that I become prime minister a third time. This is a Marianne Thyssen, 53-year leaders of his center-right party, the Flemish Christian-Democrat party CD &amp; V, which will represent the party in parliamentary elections and be a candidate for prime minister. There are several possible developments, some of which are the most likely early elections. Early elections - If Albert King does not find a solution to political deadlock, Belgium is doomed to early elections in June. The elections were initially planned for 2011. But political analysts predict that the elections would be chaotic and could be boycotted in some polling districts. Conflict parties focused on the division of electoral districts Brussels-Halle-Vilvoorde (BHV), which apply different rules than the rest of the country.
 Voters in the district BHV may elect or Francophone parties in Brussels, the party or the Dutch-speaking areas outside the capital. The Belgian Constitutional Court in 2003. found that it is not fair if we take into account that voters in other parts of Belgium have to vote on linguistic lines - for example, those who speak Dutch can not vote for the party with the French-speaking. The court then ordered that a solution must be found before the election. If this is not done, in theory will lack the election is a clear legal basis. Constitution otherwise provides that elections must be held up to 40 days of the dissolution of parliament. Rosado in the coalition government - Letermeova five month old coalition linked the five parties from left to right-center. Flemish Liberal Democrats Party Open VLD which has withdrawn from the government and caused her fall and her party opposed Francophone MR, could be replaced by two opposition parties.
 No opposition will be reluctant to enter the government and revive it, because he believes that the government will never be able to function effectively. Minority government - Letermeova coalition government could survive as a minority government if the number of coalition partners is ready to accept such a solution. Analysts say there is no political will to support such a minority government, and emphasized that she would be hard put trying to solve the problem of political boundaries around Brussels. A similar scenario in the Czech Republic before the fall of the Belgian government&#39;s takeover of the Presidency of the EU recalls a similar case from the Czech March 2009. Then, in fact, the Czech government collapsed amid EU presidency. Czech EU presidency ended on 30 June 2009. It was not the first case of fall of the government of the country which chairs the EU. In the first half of the 1996th year during the Italian presidency fell Romano Prodi&#39;s government, in the first half of the 1993rd It happened in Denmark.
 Czech government of Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek has voted no confidence in parliament in March 2009. Czech Prime Minister Topolanek then resigned. Czech Republic, the parties agreed to jointly draw up a transitional government that would replace the government of Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek. Czech President Vaclav Klaus appointed on 9 April 2009. Jan Fischer&#39;s non-partisan person as the new prime minister in the new transitional government that took office as the country has chaired the EU. Fischer government was inaugurated on 8 May 2009. and it was agreed that early elections will be held in October. However, unexpected developments in the Constitutional Court and the House of Representatives postponed the elections, which are therefore scheduled for May 2010. Fischer has remained in power until the election, although he was offered the functions of the European Commission, and has proved very popular. The Lower House approved legislation to ban burqa Representatives of the Lower House of the Belgian parliament on Thursday voted on a bill that bans fully or partially covering the face and wearing different types of Muslim veils in all public places, including streets, making it the country became the first in Europe be officially decided on this move.
 The law will come into force only after ratification by the upper house of parliament, the senate, and considering the political crisis in the country, so that the process could be spread. Legislative proposal was adopted almost unanimously, and were restrained only two of 138 deputies of the lower house of parliament. Who the law is not respected, will be fined from 15 to 25 euros and / or will have to serve prison sentences of 1:00 to 7:00 days. The exception will be a special ceremony, celebrations or events, such as the Carnival, if permitted by local authorities.
 