Dan-no-ura no tatakai Code of Dan-no-ura between the islands of Shikoku and Kyushu, in the Gulf today Shimonosekija 24th April 1185th occurred in the last big battle Gempei war in which the Minamoto clan forever destroyed clan Taira.Uz battle of Sekigahara 1600th year, which is the most significant battle in Japanese history, the Battle of Dan-no-player follows immediately after her by relevance. above, the map of Japan which is marked with Day-no-ura red asterisk, blue star indicates location of the Battle of Yashime, a month before the fateful Battle of Dan-no-ure, above the bay at Shimonosekija (Kanmon Kaikyo) where the battle occurred , taken from space, left the Kitakyushu (Kyushu), a right Shimonoseki (Honshu); from one island to another we pass over the bridge (Kanmonkyo), tunnels (Kanmon), and it is possible to ride a boat and, worse, the tide of battle; èamci Minamoto clan (800 èamaca) are indicated by white and Taira (500 èamaca) red; Honshua up the coast, a down-and Kyushu, where the two islands closest to the coast, today the bridge (Kanmonkyo) When the members Taira clan saw that the battle is lost, they decided to desperately potez.U it has been a leader Taira Tokiko (1126-1185), widow of Tairi Kiyomorija (1118-1181) and mother Tairi Tokuko (1155-1213) they were married 80.
 Emperor Takakura (0.1161 to 1181 he lived, he reigned from 0.1168 to 1180). Tokiko is držeæi his grandson (son of Tairi Tokuko and Emperor Takakura) 81 Antokua Emperor (lived 0.1178 to 1185; &quot;reigned&quot; from 0.1180 to 1185) in narjuèju, soared in the rough sea and drowned along with the child. This double suicide (Oyak Shinju) parents (in this case, grandma) who takes the death of a child is etched in the memories of Japanese as one of the most moving scenes of Japanese history until today. up dramatically moments before jumping into rough seas, grandmothers and young Taira Tokiko car before jumping to their deaths up, Taira Tokiko followed by other states and members of the Taira clan and the other one jumped into the sea and disappear into deep water, the survivors are only 43 Women&#39;s Mother of Emperor Antokua Tokuko also has soared, but they managed spasiti.Nakon battle took its name Kenreimon-In and became Budist redovnica.Prvo lies in Choraku-ji Temple in Kyoto, Japan *, and then Jakki-in temple in Ohara (now suburb of Kyoto), where he died 1213th
 godine.Oba temple belonging to the school budistièkoj Tendai (Chinese T&#39;ien-t&#39;ai). # See below, the scene of the Battle of Dan-no-player and the last moments of the Taira clan Kenji Mizoguchija film &quot;Kwaidan&quot; of 1964. year. The leader of the clan Taira, Munenori was captured and later pogubljen.Carski sword with the other holy caesarean things lost in the sea **. Thus ended Gempei war. above, Taira Munenori (1147-1185), son of Tairi Kiyomorija, was executed in Kyoto; up, Kiyomi Taira, Taira clan leader, who died 1181st year; up, Matsuzaka Keiko as Taira Tokiko, Tairi Kiyomorija wife and grandmother of a young emperor in Antokua Taiga Drama &quot;Yoshitsune&quot; up, the young Emperor Antoku up, Nakagoshi Noriko as Taira Tokuko in Taiga Drama &quot;Yoshitsune&quot; Tairi Kiyomorija daughter and the mother of Emperor Antokua , one of 43 women who survived the Battle of Dan-no-ure; up, Minamoto Yoshitsune, tragic hero and leader pobjednièkog clan was the end of one period (Heian period) and start a new (Kamakura period).
 One section of society has not disappeared, but lost the ruling nobility poziciju.Bilo it (plague) with the imperial court in Kyotu.Na social and political scene came a new kind ljudi.Bili are warriors (noise, bushi or samurai) who will dominate Japan and its socio-political stvarnošæu slijedeæih 800 years, until the arrival of &quot;black ships&quot; (kurofune) today in the waters of the Gulf Shimonosekija living in endemic species of crustaceans called Heike crabs (Heikegani). The shell of the crab is doing is like to see your face and helmet samuraja.Legenda says that the souls of fallen warriors Taira moved into these crabs in a way that reminds people of these tragic events. # See below, as a popular scientist Carl Sagan (1934-1996) explains the occurrence of unusual cancers.
 Choraku-ji, a website (jap) pages of Wikipedia (eng) writes that Taira Tokuko lived in Choraku-ji temple in Shizuoka prefekuri today, which is supposedly based in Enryaku-ji temple near Kyoto, although Choraku-ji in Shimoda temple of Shingon school, Enryaku-ji belongs to the Tendai school and Choraku-ji in Kyoto, which was in fact paid Taira Tokuko after the Battle of Dan-no-ure;.
 * Imperial features (necklace, mirror and sword) - are features that symbolize imperial power, as in Europe and represents the crown žezlo.Taire managed to throw the sword into the sea and the mirror, but that each mark was the second ship, the ship where was the necklace, the Minamoto warriors were captured and thus saved from throwing the necklace into the sea. Later, divers removed the mirror from the sea, while many feel that the sword and still lost, although it is officially stated that it found, and keeps the ATSUTA Shrine in Nagoya (source - Hanzo blogger)
 