In the history of Croatian literature studies are rare, much less books that deal with the art of war. However, there are theories which chronicle of war or a description of the events in elderly Croatian Latin even oprvdanosti debate about the war, necessarily leading to war ventures warriorship philosophy as a discipline, were the last two centuries the exclusive privilege of sovereign states, which have an independent policy , and the protection of national interests, they have used and use their own armed forces. Unfortunately, Croatia, except for brief periods, was not an independent state, the military and what little literature is mainly related to these periods. Books retired Admiral Domazet-bad &quot;Croatia and the great battlefield&quot; and &quot;Croatian Homeland War 1991st to 1995th - the strategic view&quot; kind of the originators of these disciplines in Croatia, and the admiral who during the war was the head of the intelligence the administration of General Staff of the Croatian Army and I participated in the Croatian sukreiranju vojnoredarstvenih ventures, which are its efficiency and end results in late 20th
 century, entered at the top of the general military skills. In view of this book especially noteworthy that the auctor, in a peculiar way, giving a cross-section of political and military events during the last thirty years, a book dedicated to the victorious Croatian army generals, in which a series of analysis shows that the Croatian liberation victory primarily the result of your own mind and abilities and skills those honorable men, who led the country in difficult circumstances of its struggle for survival. The book is strukturitrana in ten chapters. The first three could be called general or introductory chapter, which discusses Domazet military and political forces of the modern world emerged from the dissolution of the communist bloc and the winning countries that attempt to better position themselves in new circumstances. As a kind of newspaper war in the first chapter discusses auctor information war, in all its three main extension of time.
 In another chapter he writes about the geopolitical determinant called the war in former Yugoslavia, whose property, as pointed out, occupies the first door of Eurasia, and believes that the crisis was a result of expansion in her t. aka. Mackionderove geopolitical plantations, in the circumstances created after the end of the Cold War. The third chapter analyzes a decade of Serbian war preparations. Šet following chapters are divided by years - 1990., 1991., 1992., 1993., 1994., And 1995. which monitors political developments and the crisis in former Yugoslavia and the attempts Jugoslavneske National Army and its leadership to act as a major factor in resolving the crisis, the aggression against Croatia and Bosnia, the defense and finishing operations HV Croatian victory of the year. In the tenth chapter, Domazet analyzed the 31st meeting in Brijuni July 1995. where the generals supreme Franjo Tudjman agreed liberation occupied territories, which were later created the preconditions for the establishment of peace.
 To understand Domazet strategy should be pointed out that he believes that war and conflict in the former Yugoslavia as part of a unique idea of creating a global hegemony so that the person who supervises the fossil fuel, state government, whoever controls the food the government people, and one who monitors drinking water , the government of life. Serbian &quot;Vožd&quot; Slobodan Milosevic was the only operator of the crisis, a broader goal of aggression which led, together with the JNA and Croatian Bosnia, was to preserve the supremacy and privilege, as it is Serbia as an ally of Britain and France to ensure it is after 1918 . year. Loso stated that the war in Southeast Europe had outer and inner strategic circle, and the exterior is made by the international community, or first level players - the U.S., Britain and France, and the second level - Germany and Russia. In a geographical perspective, in the spirit geopolitical ideas already mentioned, it is a conflict between the sea and land, and povijsnoj diomenziji attempt to prevent linking Germany and Russia as the main land countries, which domniniraju Eurasian Strategic pločom.Unutarnji round consisted of all former Yugoslav republics.
 Domazet thinks that the war in former Yugoslavia can not understand, if you can not parse the role of each external and internal factors, so the book on the synthetic method analyzes the confrontation of political, diplomatic, economic, cultural, informational, and military strategy. Important for our consideration is the fact that Croatia used the favorable international circumstances resulting from the collapse of the communist system and the collapse of multi-state entity, in which the dictatorial system mainly groaned oppressed peoples. Democratic systems have enabled the long-proclaimed legitimacy of the people&#39;s right to self-determination, as the federal government in Belgrade and the Serbian political leadership, in all ways of trying to prevent, and when they failed, with the help of the Yugoslav Army and Serbian minority in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina , sought to establish the boundaries of t. aka. Greater Serbia in a move Virovitica, Karlovac, Karlobag.
 At the beginning of the aggression, the Serbs have indeed managed to occupy one-third of Croatian territory and almost two thirds of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The persistence of Bosnia in the early days kept mostly Croats, and the area between the two republics were turned, how to Domazet called, in a large battlefield. It is on this battlefield will be sučeljavat since 1990. year until the present strategy of the various international powers, that auctor is ranked in the outer circle of strategic, as well as the strategies of countries from the inner circle. Here we should particularly emphasize the development of military and military skills of the Croatian Army led by President Franjo Tudjman, that his defense strategy and negotiations with respect to the combined capabilities and weapons of the Croatian forces, which are over five years of war have grown into a respectable military force. It should be recalled that the Serbian forces or with the help of the powerful Yugoslav Army and the diplomatic and media support of some Western countries led by Britain are not, except Vukovar, failed to take even one major Croatian cities.
 Nu battle for Vukovar, according to Domazet definitely in the dustbin of military art sent to the doctrine which was based on a straight-line forces, and the stage of modern warfare, in a big way introduced the doctrine that would be six months later fail to leave open &quot;pliers&quot; in Herzegovina, and Southern Dalmatia, and four years later, the Croatian Army lead to stormy win. The liberation of the south of battle has just applied this doctrine. After successfully preventing the closure of calipers in Herzegovina, General Bobetko decided that the defense turns into a fit. Napadajni venture &quot;Tiger&quot; prepared for a month, a Bobetko it has performed in several successive time-spaced and operations. The first operation was the HVO &quot;Čagalj&quot; free ring around Mostar, and transferred power to the eastern bank of the Neretva River, and Serbs in potisnuvši Podveležje, freed the Chair. Simultaneously with the attack in Herzegovina, the Army will release and entrances Slano peninsula, and later to the wider Dubrovnik area completely suppress Serbian forces against Montenegro.
 Operation Maslenica 1993rd Performed during the two days, and Croatian forces managed to penetrate in some places and 15 miles, but did not reach the planned target by Karina. Achieved with the HV lines provided a visual control over the occupied part of Lika, Udbinska airport, Gracac, Obrovac, Benkovac and flat districts. Operation Medak Pocket 9th September 1993. It lasted only five hours, and it was removed artillery-rocket operation in Gospic. Loso detailed analysis as a paradigm for future charges against the Croatian Liberation ventures served precisely this operation. Despite international pressure, these initiatives have become the basis for later sjane operations Flash and Storm, which liberated the occupied Croatian territory. Nu Domazet parallel with the development and tactical-operative education records of the Croatian forces and the development of controversial operation, beyond which stood mostly former officers of the JNA, which were performed without knowledge of the supreme commander.
 The team would be military action, that are implemented at all levels, compromised Croatia match. On the trail of Pepe tries to Domazet said that Croatia drawn into the conflict during the simulated attack on the JNA Slovenia, General Anton Tus, as Chief of Staff, issued an order on the day when the Croatian government has accepted UN Security Council resolution on the continuation of the peace conference in The Hague . At this point in the fifth commandment, as stated Domazet, was the statement: In preparing the implementation plan with the secrecy distances make the final liquidation of extreme personalities. Loso says that the colonel took command Tusovu Škrlec attack on the barracks in Bjelovar. The result of this attack was going thin on the street with Bjelovar randomly opening fire, and lifting the zrakl ammunition storage, and then an explosion killed 12 soldiers and three women. Škrčlec was later exposed as a member of the KOS.
 Domazet book &quot;Croatian Homeland War&quot; follows the events on the world political stage, the realignment of political power and strategic projection into the future and their impact on the position of the Croatian Republic. His views will certainly lead to disputes in public, it is necessary for us it is especially important broken tvorivo showing interest UK to hold at all costs Yugoslavia or some of its surrogate versions. Such a policy from the start stand on the side of the Serbian aggressor, and to relative the Serbian war crimes and enforcement of establishing borders of Greater Serbia, have prompted the Muslim-Croatian war, Later with the help of their officials on the ground in Bosnia prevented any possible NATO&#39;s action against various Serbian army. Disputes within the Western allies was well acquainted with the Croatian President, and focusing its policies toward the United States, the Karja got their approval to the unlock the safe area of Bihac, free and occupied areas of Croatia.
 Croatia&#39;s victory has created a new balance of power in the Balkans, and Croatian opponents from the international community, led by Britain, in time postolujnom continued war by other means against Croatian independence. The consequences of this policy and now we feel at every step, and is primarily manifested in the work of the Hague Court and its offices across the Croatian. In the strategic sense of Britain, to the detriment of U.S. interests in the Balkans, primarily in Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina succeeded to position Russia, and lately, all over her succeed with the help of an Islamist government in Turkey to restore a specific way, the Ottoman Empire, which pushes the conflict with mainland Europe, primarily Germany. From the book, though it contains no detailed analysis of the chapter on the art of strategic thinking and Croatian President Franjo Tudjman, his apparent ability to decisive and difficult moments, finding the best solution for his country.
 Admiral Domazet their analysis raskrinkao ponaprije platitude from the ICTY indictments against Croatian generals, but also a platitude that rehash the years the Croatian media, about this that Tudjman divided Bosnia, ethnic cleansing committed by Croatian Serbs and the liberation of Operation Storm turned into a criminal enterprise. Domazet in the book shows not only clean, but also the art of the Croatian struggle for the establishment of their own free and independent states. Mate Kovacevic
 