broadcast time 10:00 to 11:00 a.m. Dear listeners, here&#39;s China Radio International, welcome to the show the Chinese beat the Croatian language. Yu Xi welcomes you in Beijing. From 29 March our broadcast you can listen to our website croatian.cri.cn, and on short wave, at frequency 7225, 7415 from 23:00 to 24:00, or 7335, 9440 19:00 to 20:00. [Comments] Chinese rhythm&gt;&gt;&gt; Chinese rhythm broadcast schedule today listening to the first broadcast of the Chinese beat the weekend. Chinese rhythm of the radio emission of the Chinese International in Croatian language, intended for all lovers of China, Chinese language and culture and those who have yet to become. Our program will be a weekend of music content, together we will listen to Chinese music and songs, enjoy the tunes and the rhythm of Chinese songs. I am Yu Xi and you&#39;ll choose the most beautiful Chinese songs and music, and if you yourself have suggestions, šaljte your message to an cro@cri.com.cn.
 Dear listeners, spring has already arrived in Beijing, I hope in Zagreb and throughout Croatia. Butterflies come in spring and mark the arrival of warm days. People say that the butterfly song of spring. &quot;So now the show will hear a few songs about butterflies and all the songs called&#39;&#39;Butterfly,&quot; interesting. We have already heard the Chinese singers. In different cultures, butterflies have different meanings. In Chinese culture, the butterfly is a symbol of love and lovers, not only because the butterflies always fly in pairs, but also because the ancient Chinese legend. The legend is known as &quot;The story of the butterfly lovers.&#39;&#39;Story of the butterfly lovers&quot; tells us about the love between Liang and Zhu Yingtai Shanboa. Zhu Yingtai is a girl who is disguised as a boy so she went outside her homeland to study, because it was considered that girls should not go to school, and it is better to stay at home. Eventually fell in love with another school Liang Shanboa.
 However, her family did not approve this love, and Liang shanbe died of grief. After many years when Zhu Yingtai had to marry each other, the road passed near the grave of his beloved, and wept at the grave. Suddenly from the grave missed the butterfly, a girl at that time also turned into a butterfly. Since then, two butterflies flying in love, says this old heart-warming story.
 