For ten days we have witnessed floods that have affected Posavlje, especially Turopolje Drau Valley and part of Istria, Slavonia .. Dramatic television footage entered in our homes, witnessing the catastrophic disaster that has caused - and still causes - a lot of damage to households, the economy, all of us. We are witnessing the distress of the population that flooded areas with the disapproval of receiving impressions Kosor and Ivan Suker among them. I am writing this text, so I&#39;m in my first apartment in Zagreb, Trnju, suffered a nasty flood in the low flat ground, after a summer thunderstorm, and I have a feeling of helplessness because of the penetration of water, I remember as a very unpleasant and traumatic. Water will be drawn thanks to God, ie the cessation of heavy rain and sunny weather, but the question is whether we learn from this latest natural disaster. Namely, one part of the accident is the power of nature is its destructive power, and meet well-organized and wealthy society.
 Like many others, and natural disaster in the U.S., Croatia, wraps up on us own way. Specifically, the disturbing images, where the houses are surrounded deep water, people stayed in them, nobody, absolutely nobody visited, only a helicopter to air filming for a TV network. There are many questions that a lot of questions, my heart just let down. l. It is essential you could be part of the destructive power of storms to predict and accordingly prepare you for nadalozeću disaster. There are weather stations, the Central Bureau hidrometeotrološki, data exchange with neighboring countries, such as the water levels in rivers .. Val floods occurred in Slovenia, we watched the reports and it was logical to predict that this wave will pass through Croatia. It is not just about Zagreb, it is a broader Croatian territory along the Sava and I remember the first TV interview, where we are calming words that everything is ready for acceptance torrent, talked about the drain as a magical solution, generally greater reason to worry there.
 True, Zagreb is not flooded, which is quite logical, since the l964 flood. When he suffered a cataclysm of Zagreb, was made effective system of defense against flooding Zagreb Save. However, about this time as before, retained the other areas, particularly in the area between Zagreb and Sisak, and that part of the Croatian swimming and more swimming. Only part of the information about it reaches the public and it is my second question: 2 Do you have a timely and objective information about events, in particular, are coming to a bitter public protests of the population with little or no help in the rescue? He mentions the disorganization, chaos, to the point that it is not clear whether the plan made a coordinated defense against flooding because it is, then it would not happen that in some places any bag. But no country or any country is, but no bag so. rabbit dams. 3.Treće question relates to self-organization of citizens - whether there is a Civil Protection, as did local boards, volunteer fire companies, whether expressed solidarity with the affected population, and in what way? I have the impression that much left to improvisation, that has not previously made exercises, etc.
 (Processions firefighters did not exercise, if practiced with somewhere in the mass behavior in case of floods, sorry). 4th Unexplained is why the inhabitants of the houses are not affected by the time abandoned, or not at all left? Whether it was the poor communication with this population, whether the fear that homeowners will not be stolen, what is it? 5th The fifth issue relates to the use of funds raised through a variety of benefits in order to build systems for flood control - from a variety of local, municipal and city contributions, tax and surtax, and then to ask in whose hands the water supply, is not it also clientelistic recruitment area, an area that is part of the state structure and meaning, without adequate control, a very nice shade? Is not part of the funds collected in a single purpose (flood-building channels, constitution, irrigation, etc.) went to another item in the budget? For a little surfing shows that we have Croatian Waters (Head Jadranko Husarić laments the lack of money, willing to step down), water is extracted Pankretićevu part of the ministry, then there is the National Authority for Protection and Rescue, National Center for flood control, etc. and so on.
 What is the coordination among them, when our water comes to animals, and we barely notice it? HERE ARE THE PROMISES J. KOSOR PROVIDNA Specifically, this natural disaster, as well as touring flooded areas by the Prime Minister, showed that the reaction as generally reacts and behaves in the Croatian society - with some delay, demagogic, nesagledavanjem-nesuočavanjem with reality, assuming the based on impressions rather than actual data and information, poor organization and lack of professional personnel. But the residents, accustomed to the ALMIGHTY States did not promptly jumped to his feet, but they expected them to, for example, clogged pipes and under bridges, in front of the house, uncork - a ministry, government or the President? Of course, that in no case a government amnesty Kosor, ministries, relevant agencies, particularly the State Agency for Protection and Rescue. I did indeed prime minister should be every pot lid, it has to do is advertise and evaluate whether the school hall ready to receive the threat, we hope that they will not be necessary, promising assistance of the Croatian army, and it appears 200 soldiers, etc.
 Natural disasters can not tolerate false promises, in case there is no drinking water, outbreaks are possible, in case there is no bread, hunger is possible ... ONCE NNNI, today almost NOTHING Once upon a time we had action NNNI - None of us should not be surprised-there were area that we called ONO and CBS-total defense and social self-protection (we knew it as a joke and called the area of This or That), however, made the massive exercise involving nearly all the population was, I remember that both these exercises had and for propaganda purposes, but thus Trained people on how to most effectively resist fire, water, earthquake ... we are not now known similar exercise, but because we see a report on the international military - police exercises in Gasinci (Slavonia), which includes - performance of the police towards protestors ...??? There were (and are) laws regulating posupanje in the event of natural disasters, there are obligations in terms of stockpiles, there was a certain order, separating the funds to build shelters, collect help perished from earthquakes, floods, etc. ...
 There is also some mystery about it, but today I think for that reason there is no secrecy. Or only if the mystification that is not covered by our general disorganization and inefficiency, lack of solidarity that is, unfortunately, came to the fore in this time of natural disasters such as floods. It is not enough to put in front WATER, CROATIAN adjective, we should give them the appropriate content and significance, to worry about water as an important resource Croatian, but also watch them if they come out of control, and as a danger to which one must be prepared. Tweet Related Sites More from this user Tags
 