Deny the Holocaust is a terrible and shameful act, but it is not opportune to pass a law that would punish negacioniste, says Vatican newspaper Osservatore Romano, which thus enters into a discussion on the proposed adoption of a bill that would punish people for thinking that there was no massacre of Jews in nacistièkoj Germany. After all veæeg negacionistièkih number of websites, as well as classes in an Italian school where the teacher denied the existence of the Holocaust, and the university in Teramo Professor Claudio Moffa, during lessons on the Shoah said &quot;there is not a Hitler document in which a decision was made extermination of the Jews &quot;, some Italian politicians have proposed a law banning Holocaust denial. &quot;The law to punish those who deny the Shoah is not a valid path. Denying the Holocaust is shocking and shameful act, but not properly or legally punished negacioniste &quot;, holds the Vatican.
 &quot;History is not true under the law&quot;, the title of an article in the Vatican bulletin. There must be law to establish historical truth. On the contrary, so it would be counterproductive. &quot;In a democracy censura not correct tool and it turns into moæenika those who stumble upon it,&quot; said L&#39;Osservatore Romano. Vatican bulletin cites Article David Bidussa that in the bulletin of Italian Jewish Communities, L&#39;Unione information, wrote that &quot;the law of negacionizmu would not be intelligent or long-term option, because it would not help in forming an opinion as any in the maturing of civic conscience.&quot; Italy has a need, hold the representative of the Jewish community, during learning the history of a serious and reasoned way that would be called for discussion and reflection on historical events. &quot;I do not need laws to poveæao number muæenika, holding Bidussa, which transmits the Vatican magazine. Jew, historian, Sergio Luzzatto, said he was &quot;negacionizam cultural and social evil, and by law it is wrong to pretend krivièno work&quot;.
 In Austria, Germany, Belgium and France, Holocaust denial krivièno work. In Israel, Spain and Portugal is krivièno work denying any genocide. In Sweden, Poland, Èeškoj, Romania and other countries have enacted laws protunegacionistièki. The United Nations in 2007. Based on the U.S. proposal, adopted a resolution condemning negacionizam. For protunegacionistièke laws negacionisti historians say it restricts their freedom of thought.
 