Ethnic violence between Uzbeks and Kirgiz, which erupted on Sunday, threatening the security of the whole of Central Asia, because Kyrgyzstan used as a starting point for the U.S. military in the conduct of the war in Afghanistan, wrote on Monday The Wall Street Journal. An additional problem is that they are in the country since the collapse of the Soviet Union is a Russian military base, and present the Kyrgyz government had called on the help of Moscow, which sent 300 paratroopers. Otherwise, during the nineties unrest between Uzbeks and Kirgiz calmed down a Russian army. As far as the very ethnic conflicts, the Red Cross, the tragic balance of the three-day violence in the south of Kyrgyzstan is much higher than the official 120 dead and 1200 wounded. Some of his staff say they have seen that only in a common grave near the town of Osa bodies lay about a hundred people and that many of the dead lying in the streets of this city in the south.
 Conflicts of Kirgiz and Uzbeks last Thursday evening, and since then, the agency reported that the group Kirgiz took control on the streets of Osa, the second largest city in Kyrgyzstan, the pali, robbery, and police and the army does not intervene. Uzbek barricaded themselves in certain neighborhoods. She started and refugee crisis. In neighboring Uzbekistan and fled to about 75 000 people, mostly ethnic Uzbek. The situation in the country were discussed within the United Nations, but the resolution at the UN, due to the presence of armies of the United States and Russia in the field, certainly not soon be on the agenda of the Security Council. The economic importance of the Kyrgyz Republic is not the cause of the eruption of interethnic violence since the country&#39;s economy and greatly reduced after the disintegration of the Soviet Union collapsed when most industries. Today, the bulk of the economy makes agriculture (cereals, cotton, sugar beets, fruits and vegetables) and livestock (cattle, sheep and horses).
 There is a strong tradition of nomadic cattle breeding, the majority of livestock and pasture today. Kyrgyzstan is relatively rich in minerals (coal, gold, silver), but it is considered that there are some of the larger world of gold and silver, which is poorly exploited due to the difficult access. The most important metal-working industry. Developed the textile and food industries. In any case, the crisis in Kyrgyzstan is compared with the situation in Kosovo in 1999. when the Serbian offensive began after the NATO attack. After the cessation of the bombing began the race of Russian and American military forces to Pristina, and then barely prevented an armed conflict between the expeditionary forces. So whether Kyrgyzstan will become Middleasian &#39;Kosovo&#39; remains to be seen in time to come, but all possibilities for the emergence of a new global hot spots are there. Although the weekend seemed to be in the region comes to calming down the situation because they are Iran and Pakistan agreed on deliveries of gas &#39;pipeline of peace&#39;, and The New York Times informed that in neighboring Afghanistan discovered huge reserves of copper and lithium, the violence on Sunday again exploded.
 With the proviso that the news that U.S. geologists have discovered huge reserves in Afghanistan minerals, including copper and lithium, estimated at a thousand billion dollars, more an impression as a justification for the U.S. war in Afghanistan but that those sites, which include iron, gold, niobium and cobalt, really. In any case, the NYT is out with a cover so that Afghanistan could become &quot;the Saudi Arabia of lithium,&quot; a source says an internal note that the Pentagon cites the New York Times.
 