LISBON - culture today reflects the tension that sometimes takes the forms of conflict between the present and the past, &quot;said Pope Benedict XVI in a speech culture workers gathered today at the Cultural Centre Belém in Lisbon, where he arrived yesterday in a three-day visit to Portugal. - Social Dynamics absolutised present by separating it from the historic cultural resources without intending to indicate a future. Such evaluation of the present as a great source of inspiration for life&#39;s meaning, both individual and social, is facing with a strong cultural tradition - Pope Benedict XVI, of course, talked about the cultural tradition of the Portuguese people thousands of years marked by the influence of Christianity, but this idea applies to every Christian people. - People who stop to realize that his own truth is lost within the labyrinth of time and history, without a clearly defined values and without large and clearly marked targets - said Benedict XVI, who then went from Lisbon to Fatima where tomorrow will mark the tenth anniversary Beatification Giacinto and Francesca, two shepherds who saw the Virgin Mary 13th
 svibnja 1917th year. Pope, except that they will pray for the Church and priests, will certainly mention the so-called. The third secret of Fatima. Already on board an aircraft bound for Portugal said that in addition to what is referred to John Paul II. and the attempt on his life (May 13, 1981. At St. Peter&#39;s Square), the third message of Our Lady of Fatima can be found and the meaning of suffering which the Church is experiencing today, shocking cases of sexual abuse of minors. Attacks on the Pope and the Church does not just come out, but the suffering of the Church come from the Church, of which there is sin in the Catholic Church, Pope Benedict XVI This surprised many with his thinking, but we should not forget that even as a Cardinal in meditation the Way of the Cross at the Colosseum in Rome on Good Friday 2005th he wrote that he has a lot of dirt in the Church. - Today we see on a really horrible way - said Benedict XVI on his 15th trip outside Italy in five years pontificate.
 The greatest persecution of the Church comes not from external enemies, but is born of sin in the Church and the Church is therefore absolutely necessary to re-experience repentance, accept treatment, learn to forgive the one hand, but also recognize the need for justice. Forgiveness does not substitute for justice, &quot;he said.
 