&quot;The Baddest Bitch&quot; Set to Adopt a Child Haitian Entry tags: Adoption, &quot;The Baddest Bitch&quot; Set to Adopt a Child Haitian Rapstress Trina has expressed that she is seriously considering &quot;adopting a child&quot; from the country of Haiti. And Trina&#39;s publicist sent only TheYBF.com the rap diva&#39;s exclusive statement on this matter: &quot;With the current state that is in Haiti right now, I personally feel like donating monetary and physical possessions is an enormous and vast donation, however, I would like to contribute on ... Queen Latifah wants to adopt Haitian orphans I almost always love Queen Latifah Endeavor in whatever she undertakes. I think she&#39;s a really cool lady, and a talented actress with a great voice, and I think she&#39;s been very smart about her career and how she manages her image. All of that being said, I think the Queen came across as a little vapid in a recent interview where she was discussing the situation in Haiti.
 Apparently, this happened on The Today Show. The Queen was asked about the situation in Haiti, and said she wanted to adopt &quot;some of t. .. More setbacks for Utahns waiting to adopt Haitian orphans Utah families awaiting a planeload of Haitian orphans received more bad news Monday. A group of 70 children affiliated with the Hope for Little Angels of Haiti orphanage arrived at the U.S. Embassy expecting to be cleared to exit the earthquake-ravaged country, but were told to try again tomorrow. As many as 36 of the orphans are being adopted by families in Utah and Idaho Reportedly who have raised $ 7,000 for jet fuel to Airlift the children to America. &quot;But the Haitian government has put a. .. Tens of Millions Tune In To Hope For Haiti Telethon! Hope for Haiti Children: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief drew a cumulative audience of over 83 million viewers! Online the telethon garnered 1.9 million video streams while it broadcasted live and 5.8 million total streams in replays after it aired.
 The Hope for Haiti Now iPhone app Which gave users the ability to watch the telethon live on their phones was downloaded over 100.000 times and Hope For Haiti was the most Tweeted topic of the weekend receiving more than 1 million ... Hope For Haiti telethon ratings, charts, and total raised Entry tags: charity, ratings / charts Hope For Haiti telethon ratings, charts, and total raised Friday night&#39;s &quot;Hope For Haiti Now&quot; telethon raised more than $ 61 million for the victims of The devastating earthquake that struck the Caribbean island two weeks ago, Reuters reports. An average of 24 million people watched the entire two-hour special, while an astounding 83 million total U.S. viewers tuned in at various points of the telecast and an additional 5.8 million streamed the ... Haiti Must Lead, U.S., Other Nations Say &quot;To date we have not been able to feed everybody, to give water to everybody,&quot; Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive said Monday at the end of a daylong conference intended to review and improve the delivery of short-term aid as well as chart a course for long-term recovery.
 Haiti&#39;s magnitude-7 earthquake killed an estimated 200.000 people and left the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere virtually without a functioning government. It wrecked the presidential palace, parliament, government ... Final voicemails and texts from the Haiti earthquake dead The final words of thousands of earthquake victims have been seen and heard for the first time - as Haiti&#39;s mobile phone system began working again, &quot;Hope For Haiti Now&quot; Raises $ 61 Million, heads to Number One on The Chart Photo: Benet / Getty Images via MTV Friday night&#39;s &quot;Hope For Haiti Now&quot; telethon raised more than $ 61 million for the victims of the devastating earthquake that struck the Caribbean island two weeks ago, Reuters reports. An average of 24 million people watched the entire two-hour special, while an astounding 83 million total U.S. viewers tuned in at various points of the telecast and an additional 5.8 million streamed the special online.
 As Rolling Stone reported in our ... Haiti Haiti Earthquake earthquake disaster Haiti-Born &#39;Top Chef&#39; Alum Team Up for Relief Efforts To take part in the global relief effort to aid earthquake-ravaged Haiti, Top Chef alum Ron Duprat, who was born in Haiti, has teamed up with four fellow contestants of the Bravo show in organizing an all-chef Relief Benefit program for his native land. Duprat has collaborated with Mattin Noblia, Hector Santiago, and eventual winner Top Chef Michael Voltaggio in the all-chef effort, where all participating restaurants donate up to 10 percent of their receipts to Hearts for Haiti: An American ... Haiti earthquake: Signs of desperation in Port-au-Prince, Haitians call out for help with hand-written signs in Port-au-Prince. Haiti&#39;s homeless plead for tents after the earthquake dusty soccer field lined with spacious tents is an oasis for earthquake survivors among Haiti&#39;s homeless sheltering in acres (hectares) of squalid camps.
 Competition for the canvas homes has boiled into arguments and machete fights, a sign of the desperation felt by the hundreds of thousands of people without homes struggling for shelter in this wrecked city. Haiti&#39;s president has asked the world for 200.000 tents and says he will sleep in one himself. Fena Jacobs, 39, lives in a. .. Numbers tell stories of horror, Heroism in Haiti Two weeks after a 7.0-magnitude earthquake devastated Haiti, the numbers have mounted. The numbers tell stories of death and destruction, as well as a global outpouring of aid. Haiti&#39;s Homeless plead for Tents After Earthquake PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti - The dusty soccer field lined with spacious tents is an oasis for earthquake survivors among Haiti&#39;s homeless sheltering in squalid camps of acres. Competition for the canvas homes has boiled into arguments and machete fights, a sign of the desperation felt by the hundreds of thousands of people without homes struggling for shelter in this wrecked city.
 Haiti&#39;s president has asked the world for 200.000 tents and says he will sleep in one ... In Haiti Last Calls, Texts Heard (The Sun) - The final words of thousands of earthquake victims were seen and heard for the first time as Haiti&#39;s cell phone system began working again, The Sun reported Tuesday. Frantic voice mails and texts from people trapped in the ruins following May. 12&#39;s deadly 7.0-magnitude quake brought fresh anguish to friends and relatives of the estimated 150.000 dead. Survivor Rene Emile, 32, said her husband Peter was on a course at a college in Haiti&#39;s capital Port-au-Prince before it ... Haiti adoption proves a father&#39;s determination Pearson family waits at airport (Korwin Wills) ORLANDO, FL - ABC Action News reporter Dustin Chase and Photojournalist Korwin Wills spent the night at the Sanford Airport near Orlando waiting for a local man to arrive from Haiti with his Adoptive sons.
 In a story last week, Dustin helped Hillsborough County firefighter, Tim Pearson, get a flight to Haiti so he could get his two boys that he and wife had been trying to adopt. Friday night, Dustin got word from Tim&#39;s wife Jennifer that her ... Quick adoptions raise fears of child trafficking Children&#39;s charities are concerned for the safety of thousands of orphans after Western nations began speeding up procedures for Adoption young survivors of Haiti&#39;s earthquake. The United Nations Children&#39;s Emergency Fund (UNICEF) and other welfare groups have warned that orphans risked being separated from their families and that well-meaning moves by Westerners could be considered abuse. The U.S., Germany, France, Spain, Canada, Belgium and Holland are rushing through Adoption ... Pinckney Family Adopts Child From Haiti And Pinckney family just got bigger. The couple flew into Detroit Metro Airport Saturday evening with a baby adopted from Haiti.
 The Haglund&#39;s picked up the 14 month old in Miami. They say they are thankful for the newest member of their family. The Haglund&#39;s had been in the process of adopting the baby boy Happy 5th Birthday To Chifundo &quot;Mercy&quot; James! Name: Chifundo &quot;Mercy&quot; James Date of Birth: January 2006 Parents: Siblings Madonna: Lourdes Leon (10/96), Rocco (08/00) &amp; David Banda (09/05) Facts: - Mercy was adopted from Malawi in June 2009 and though her exact birthday has not been revealed, some sources have speculated that it may be January 21st - Madonna was originally denied the ability to adopt Mercy, due to residency requirements stating that she would need to live in the country for 18 months before an Adoption could be possible. This Requiem ... Babies for Sale in an unstable market, traffickers in China have found a reliable-and frightening-source of income: children. The LA Times spoke with Duan Yuelin, who was recently released from prison after a child trafficking conviction in 2006, and worked with his family for several years finding abandoned or unwanted children and selling them for high prices to orphanages that would, in turn, sell them to wealthy Westerners for Adoption.
 &quot;They could not get enough babies,&quot; said ... China&#39;s Orphanages Profit in Buying-Selling Baby Girls for Foreign Adoption January 24, 2010 (ChattahBox) - The Los Angeles Times has a disturbing piece on the common practice in China of Human Trafficking in unwanted female infants, placed with foreign Adoptive parents. The practice was Rampant in the late 90s, when orphanages in Hunan, received a donation of $ 3,000 from Adoptive parents for each Chinese baby adopted. The state-run orphanages then began paying up to $ 600 each for baby girls from Human Trafficking rings. The Chinese government prosecuted an ... Sarah Chalke Compares Pregnancy to &#39;cramming For Exams &quot;Long before she thought of starting a family with fiancé Jamie Afifi - the couple welcomed their first child, son Charlie Rhodes, on Christmas Eve - Sarah Chalke always knew motherhood was part of her life plan. As the middle daughter of parents who ran an Adoption Agency, there were always babies on her brain.
 &quot;We had lots of babies around and I&#39;ve always known I want to be a mother,&quot; the Scrubs star tells Fit Pregnancy. Even so, Sarah did not ... Quake in Haiti hastens the long-awaited adoptions Seth and Amber Newlove of Arlington, Ohio, had been waiting nearly three years to adopt a young Haitian boy named Snyder when tragedy struck their new son&#39;s impoverished country. The Jan. 12 earthquake that is believed to have killed hundreds of thousands and devastated much of Port-au-Prince left 3 1/2-year-old Snyder and the 114 other children at the HIS Home for Children orphanage in the Haitian capital city miraculously unharmed. The disaster also sped up the process for Adoption at least ... Disaster in Haiti gives adoption &#39;new energy&#39; Soon after dramatic images of Haitian orphans began popping up on the Internet, Newspapers and TV, big-hearted Americans Adoption Agencies Flooded with calls, eager to adopt the children.
 In Allegheny County, the Department of Human Services fielded about 850 calls from people interested in Adoption, officials said. The Three Rivers Adoption Council, Which handles Adoption opportunities throughout Pennsylvania, received about 200 calls. &quot;It&#39;s been quite unusual,&quot; said Jacqueline Wilson, the ... Adoptive parents help Haitian children The Smith Family in Vernon always knew Adoption would be part of their lives, and when they found an organization in Haiti they believed in their family would be changed forever. &quot;We have a long history with Adoption,&quot; Kim Smith said. &quot;My siblings are adopted. My sister was adopted during the Vietnam War.&quot; With as many arts and crafts as they could collect adorning the walls of their home, 10-year-old Joe and 7-year-old Liam stay connected to their native Haiti. It&#39;s a connection the entire ...
 