Streets in the heart of the old part of Hanoi have been transformed in a thousand places where, in an extremely simple way, preparing food. Bake the fish, preparing mussels, crabs, octopus and squid, which is due to the divorced, half past three thousand kilometers long coastline, abundant. Author: Drago HEDL Source: B92 traffic jams in Hanoi To From Hanoi, the present capital of Vietnam, in the north, arrived at Ho Chi Minh Cityija - that after 22-year-old war with the Americans and the union which was then followed by calling the former capital Sajgon in the far south - you will have to continually drive thirty hours. Not because the roads are bad, but rather what is the distance between the two largest city in Vietnam, due neobiènog shape of the state, nearly 1700 kilometers. This exciting time in our country which is nearly two thousand miles stretches along the South China Sea and that, somewhere in the middle, around a large luèkog Danang City, near the former demilitarized zone, on the 17th
 parallel, only 50 kilometers wide, each will convince you that Vietnam is a country on the move. The impression of a country on the move will follow you everywhere in the country with nearly 90 million inhabitants, an area five times greater than Croatian. Equally pretrpanog on the outskirts of Hanoi, as well as ušminkanom center of Ho Chi Minh, razvikanoj Croup with surreal landscapes of rice fields, or on the outskirts of millions Halong Cityija with Largest Vietnamese tourist attraction, Halong Bay: Millions motorkotaèa, pedestrian, bicycle, rickshaw, bus, all species of Japanese and Korean cars, but also expensive luxury SUV, all this in motion, and the indescribable crowd muvingu, so typical for southeast Asia. Rice fields in the north of vast rice fields that stretch from north to south Vietnam will do will other world exporter of rice and coffee plantations in the north, which is less well known, the country will fall, given the volumes exported, just behind Brazil.
 Vietnam, who led a long and bloody wars with several world powers, from France, the United States, to neighboring China, is an incredibly fast zalijeèio wounds and today represents one of the potential &quot;Asian tigers&quot;, utrkujuæi for their share of cakes, which were until now mainly distributed Taiwan, Hong Kong, South Korea and Singapore. If it were not insane experiment komunistièkih authorities, in 1975., Shortly after German unification, began with the Russian model of collectivization of agriculture in several years that lasted the experiment razarajuæi country brought to the brink of starvation, Vietnam would still be a few years closer to its Asian rivals . The recession 2009th Vietnam has recorded a growth rate of 5.3 percent (Croatia had much the same, but with a negative sign) and that is omnipresent corruption, which makes one of the most vulnerable countries in the region when it comes to the scourge, the momentum would have been even stronger.
 Streets of Hanoi or Saigon (almost none of its residents not to use the official name of Ho Chi Minh), or any other city, where everything is packed with small shops, with an abundance of goods, food and various kinds of products from neighboring Asian economies, clearly show that the Vietnam , declarative Communist country, adopted the business philosophy of its great, moænog neighbors China: Let a thousand flowers blooming. After hard to resist capitalism and the failure of planned economies, timid reforms known as &quot;doi moi&quot; The authorities are convinced in the correctness of the thesis that it does not matter what color Puss, but rather is essential to catch mice. Èamci in Halong Bay Hundreds of thousands of small businesses, which the government in developing the business has given pretty free rein, they showed the advantage of private initiatives, but also its dark side. The abundance of cheap labor salaries had done more than miserable. In the suburbs of Saigon today is a lot of Chinese factories where the Vietnamese are working for wages of five dollars a day.
 Beaches sounds better when it&#39;s worth the dong currency domaæoj with lots of zeros, because anyone who earns $ 150 a month, becoming a millionaire. One hundred and fifty dollars, in fact, worth three million dong. Homing gross product per capita is about $ 2,900, very small compared with the Croatian 17 600. But the Vietnamese are living modestly - riding motorcycles, food is cheap, privreðuju and children. In fifteen days journey from the far north, gradiæa Lau Cai, on the border with China, the Mekong Delta in the south, no I did not povlaèio sleeve and demanded money. In India, Nepal, and Indonesia, such as the completely unthinkable. Streets in the heart of the old part of Hanoi have been transformed in a thousand places where, in an extremely simple way, preparing food. On each arm of the national dish is cooked pho-bo, a delicious soup with rice noodles and beef, which is said to have built a nation. Bake the fish, preparing mussels, crabs, octopus and squid, which is due to the divorced, half past three thousand kilometers long coastline, abundant.
 Entire fourth smell of food: grilled fried ptièice, hardly greater than a sparrow, which the Vietnamese call the &quot;chim&quot;, in a wok to smoking pasta mixed with meat and vomiting; Toei brandy from a bottle of rice in which the snakes and scorpions; Vegetables is plenty, exotic mushrooms lure its unusual scents, which are mixed with the aroma of Marona and water chestnuts, duck from marinade, coated with honey, hang in shop windows, delicious mango, papaya and bananas for no longer than your thumb - everything to eat from morning to late evening . Anthony Bourdain in the great book &quot;Kuharovo journey - in search of the perfect food&quot; is not an exaggeration when the Vietnam oznaèio one of the hottest culinary destinations, and their offer of food street manifestations may be the most exciting and most diverse in the world. Birds that did not resist And it&#39;s going to ploèniku, right before your eyes, usually with a gas stove, a minimum of vessels, some plastics fork and knife, and the inevitable štapiæe.
 Although I had before starting the vaccinated against diphtheria, tetanus and hepatitis, and swallowing pills against malaria - the first few days I was averse from such prepared foods and just breathed spices. But when I came close to Sape on the grill where the food is fried ptièice, chestnuts, sweet potatoes and eggs in the shell, I could not resist. For 20 thousand dong - or a ridiculous six kuna - sweet, I ate all complained èašom cheapest beer in the world. Vietnamese are hard working, polite and helpful. Will endeavor to resolve all: when you trade zaèas will find the goods you are looking for, if not accidentally on their stand. You can haggle, but somehow you do not have the heart to indulge when you see how everything is a bargain and how these people are trying to sell something. Women with straw hats in the shape of a cone and stick on his shoulder, whose two ends are clean, shallow bowl with fruit, or vomiting, and often prepared meals, which should only reheat, constant šeæu streets, not awaiting a buyer to come to them, they seek it on the fly .
 Thirty Ba Ngoc fantasy that one day buy a car and driven tourists from north to south. It is so tiny that not even Vietnamese army, given the lack hernia, should not have. Its the tourist beaches keep the handlers safe was more than modest, but still sufficient to cover the cost of a modest life. Saves money from the tip, nothing it&#39;s not hard to do for the customer. For EAS will you find a hotel, take you in a good restaurant, show whatever you like. Mekong Delta - to buy a used car that I drive the tourists have to really save, because the bank will not give credit, since he does not possess anything that I could put in the pledge. A parent can not seek to pit for me - he says. Tourists in Vietnam will no doubt be all the more so when Ba Ngoc buy a car, will not take care of business. While the picturesque gradiæa Hue in central Vietnam, drive along the coast to Hoi Anu you will remain amazed by the huge, kilometers of the sites of future tourist complex, which guards the world famous chains, among them Hyatt and Novotel.
 Suburban Hanoi and Saigon are surrounded by green field investment, foreign capital investment in racing. After the mid-nineties suspended 19-year-old U.S. trade embargo of Vietnam are nahrupi Western investors, primarily after Bill Clinton&#39;s historic visit to Hanoi, 2000. Restaurant Koto, where Clinton was on that occasion, lunch, has become a sacred place for many tourists, especially the U.S.. Clinton photo with the staff, which prepared a great fish from the Song Hong River - which in Vietnamese means Red River - is set to honorary place on the floor. - Vietnamese, naturally, did not forget what the Americans did to them - says Anh Nguyen -. But we are facing the future. We welcome guests, no im not a real problem when they come to Vietnam. Billboard with the image of Ho Chi Minh Part of the horrors that are in the long war with the Americans suffered can be seen at the War Museum in Saigon.
 Unlike Hanoi, the former capital of Sajgon, which the communists were the first day after winning changed their name to Ho Chi Minh, calling it the legendary revolutionary and statesman, is a metropolis that can not be ashamed to look a Kuala Lumpur or Jakarta. Modern Airport, perfectly connected with the most important destinations in the region, not only with fifty Boeing and Airbus Domestic airline Vietnam Airlines, but also the other carriers. - Sajgon the city in which to do great work - says Ho Ngoc Thong, pleased that the government would allow private enterprise. Desetmilijunski city has recently been linked to the modern highway from the Mekong Delta, from which comes an abundance of food. There, in porjeèju ušæe and with a broad and mighty, huge river, which originates in China and in the way of debt of more than 4900 kilometers passes through Burma, Laos, Thailand and Cambodia, produced so that it can feed the whole of Vietnam.
 After the fall of Saigon, 1975. and withdrawal of the Americans, the father of Ho Ngoc Thong, as officer of the army of South Vietnam, he spent ten years in prison. It was a difficult time for many residents of the South, especially those who are in any way collaborated with the Americans. Ho Ngoc Thong was one of the &quot;people from èamaca&quot;, from the South Vietnamese who were fleeing en masse from the Communist terror. For the first time, the group oèajnika, èamcem tried domoæi Indonesia or the Philippines, but they met with the Russian navy and returned to Vietnam. The second time tried to escape through Cambodia and Laos, the nastojeæi domoæi Thailand, but again he was caught and returned, and - due to illegal abandonment of the country - three years served in prison. Mausoleum of Ho Chi Minov That time is now past, but the south still feels antagonism towards the north and in the streets and public places noticeably less red party flags, pictures Ho Chi Minh and slogans that glorifies the Communist Party and its success in building the country.
 The cult of &quot;Uncle Hoa&quot; continue to be carefully nurtured, not only in slogans like the one Thou marširaš still with us, Ujae Ho, &quot;already in the legends of his modesty and isposnièkom ascetic life. The huge complex in Hanoi, which is dominated by his mausoleum, where tours are coming from all over Vietnam, awaiting the long lines, mixed with curious tourists, to see balzamiranog &quot;Uncle Hoa,&quot; a place where troops yellow numerous legends about the former leads. He worked in a modest kennel without sanitary Evora, only pisaæim table below the figure of Marx and Lenin and a small bed - story handlers - and occasionally go out to the pond to feed the fish. &quot;He clapped their hands and they swam to,&quot; explains Guide western tourists, while a group of Vietnamese is precisely at this point, whether iskušavajuæi and their palms hitting the bait fish. Regardless of the swearing in communist values, Vietnam by Transparency International&#39;s rating is in the top most corrupt countries in the world.
 Two journalists Nguyen Van Hai and Nguyen Viet Siena, in a country that can boast of free media, were in 2008. was sentenced to prison for revealing the affair in which senior officials misused the funds for development, trošeæi huge amount of money on gambling in European football betting instead that the funds will be channeled into construction of roads and bridges. Vietnam is increasingly a society where a big difference, totally inappropriate for the principle of each according to ability, to each according to needs, which was proclaimed Marx, the predecessor of which are paintings, along with those of Lenin and Ho Chi Minh of course, still adorned with state agencies and institutions. However, the picture of this beautiful, diverse and highly dinamiènoj country - thanks, above all, its Sincerely yours, dear and decent people - remains framed by strong, positive kind of experience is difficult steæi elsewhere in this part of the world. Market fish on the streets of Hanoi.
 Existing comments (4) | Send a comment Print Send to Vietnam - and other texts Æevapi Urmašice in the heart of Vietnam | 27 July 2010th Ho Chi Minh City - formerly Sajgon - the culinary capital of Vietnam. Countless number of local restaurants recently joined a local where you can enjoy æevapima and Livno cheese and grilled cobra. Further Existing comments (1) | Send feedback Vietnam for beginners (3) | 15 February, 2010. The third part - Nha Trang, Hoi An, Hue Further Existing comments (2) | Send a comment to Vietnam for beginners (2) | 12 February, 2010. Mekong Delta, Chau Doc, Can Tho, Ho Chi Minh City / Saigon Further Existing comments (2) | Send a comment to Vietnam for beginners (1) | 10 February, 2010. In Hanoi, on all sides are carrying something, offering for sale: from Fruits and Vegetables, over odeæe and footwear, and cosmetics, medicines, ornaments, souvenirs, paper further Existing comments (5) | Send a comment to Hoi An, Lanterns and beach | 24th
 May 2009. Once a large international airports with the historical center from the 17th century and a network of narrow streets, now is the ideal place for exotic vacations. Further Existing Comments (0) | Send feedback Ho Chi Minh - Diversity East | 25 September 2008. A city that is the formation of Socialist Vietnam 1975th was known as Sajgon, is miraculous, but the characteristic mixture of unplanned construction with numerous small and often from moisture and sun cracked residential buildings, along the densely naèièkanih motorcycles and street stalls zakrèenih, and stately colonial buildings that serve as public buildings, museums or galleries . Further Existing comments (2) | Send comments Letovanje in Vietnam - Nha Trang | 17 September 2007. With over 250 sunny days a year, some of the finest hotels in Vietnam, pešèanim kilometers of beaches, and all major organized sports Existing Further comments (2) | Send Feedback
 