&quot;As President, I declare that I have not resigned and that it will not do,&quot; said Bakiyev, the Kyrgyz transferred agency &quot;24.kg&quot;. He left Bishkek after the conflict, and the opposition, which took office, announced that it is assumed to be located in the south of the country in his native place. Bakiyev said he was not &quot;able to influence the situation in the country.&quot; The protests in Bishkek and other Kyrgyz cities killed at least 75 people and more than 1,000 were injured. The opposition announced that it formed a transitional government led by Roza Otunbajevom. The Government will next six months to manage this central Asian country, where the opposition announced that it will hold elections. Otunbajeva: američkjoj Agreement remains the basis of opposition leader and head of the new government in Kyrgyzstan samoproklamovane Roza Otunbajeva said today that the new government took control of almost the entire country and dissolved the parliament and the president Kurbanbek Bakiyev was forced to leave the capital.
 &quot;All areas are under our control, but still establish control over areas of Osh and Jalalabad,&quot; she said Otunbajeva reporters, stressing that the parliament dissolved in accordance with the decree on the transfer of authority, reports Reuters. Otunbajeva said that the new government will maintain the current agreement under which the United States permitted to have an air base in this country, which serves as a transit hub for the supply of troops in Afghanistan. Putin meets with Otunbajevom, Medvedev called for peaceful dialogue, Russia will continue to provide people the necessary humanitarian aid to Kyrgyzstan, said Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin in a telephone interview with opposition leader Roza Otunbajevom that state, while calling for support of violence, announced Putin&#39;s press secretary Dmitry Peskov. Peskov said that &quot;it is important to note that Vladimir Putin spoke with Otunbajevom, as well as with Prime Minister Public Trust,&quot; the Itar-Tas.
 &quot;Putin expressed his request to abstain from violence and to be taken all necessary measures to ensure security and foreign diplomatic missions,&quot; said Peskov. NATO suspends flights from bases in Kyrgyzstan Fly planes from NATO Manas base in Kyrgyzstan, who support alliance operations in Afghanistan, were suspended and some aircraft were transferred to another location, announced the NATO forces in Afghanistan. According to a spokesman for NATO in Kabul, Lt. Col. Ted Soltis, the suspension of flights will not significantly affect the operation in Afghanistan, transferred agency Reuters. It is not the place announced that some aircraft were transferred from the base in Manas. NATO has taken this measure, as explained, the political situation in Kyrgyzstan. NATO bases in Manasu was an important logistical support operations in Afghanistan. Was used to transport troops and supplies a variety and was especially engaged this year, because the expected arrival of 30,000 more U.S. troops in Afghanistan, according to the decision decembarskoj U.S. president Barack Obama.
 Two detachments of Russian commandos sent to the base Kant Two Russian commando squad with 150 members were sent to the Kant air base in Kyrgyzstan to protect the families of Russian soldiers, announced today the Russian Army Chief of Staff Nikolai Makarov. &quot;By order of the President has taken the decision to order security of families of soldiers operating two bands with 150 commandos of the Kant air base,&quot; said Makarov in Prague, the Russian agency Itar-Tas. Russian state agency in the General Staff said that the commandos who flew in Kyrgyz plane Il-76 to ensure the security of the Russian base at Kant, they have only themselves to easy weapons - automatic guns and sniper rifles. According to interviewees Itar-Tass, the commandos will protect the soldiers, their families and aeronautical technology. The official representative of Russian military aviation Vladimir drik yesterday said that the command base for the events in Kyrgyzstan has decided to intensify its security measures and facilities to the officers and their family members recommended not to leave the territory of the base.
 Intergovernmental agreement between Russia and Kyrgyzstan signed the Russian base is 22 September 2003. , at 15 years, and the air force base was the first military facility in the territory of the country after the disintegration of the former Soviet Union, recalled the Itar-Tass. Kant military airport located 20 kilometers east of the capital of Kyrgyzstan, Bishkek, to 777 meters above sea level, while the base is located about 500 soldiers, planes and helicopters. China deeply concerned about China today expressed &quot;deep concern&quot; over the situation in neighboring Kyrgyzstan, where the opposition took power and established a provisional government after the riots that killed 68 people. Kyrgyz Republic, with which borders China, a distance of 858 kilometers, bonding facilities for other energy-rich Central Asian country, where China, Russia and the U.S. are fighting for dominance. Kyrgyzstan is also a huge market for cheap Chinese goods. &quot;As a friendly neighbor, we are deeply concerned about developments in kirgiskoj capital and other areas and we sincerely hope will be the order of the pre-established, as well as to all matters of importance can be resolved in a legal manner,&quot; stated from the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
 China has so far signed a major energy agreements with former Soviet republics in search of new sources of fuel for its economy in the developing world. Kubiš special envoy to Kyrgyzstan of the United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said today in Vienna that a matter of urgency in Kyrgyzstan send a special envoy Jan Kubiš, and appealed for calm the situation in the country. &quot;Appointed on an emergency basis a special envoy Jan Kubiš,&quot; Ban said at a news conference after meeting with the head of the Austrian Foreign Minister Michael Špindelegerom. Kubiš, the former head of the Slovak Foreign Minister and former Secretary General of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), tomorrow would be to travel to Kyrgyzstan. &quot;I felt that there were tensions,&quot; Ban said, regarding his recent visit to Kyrgyzstan, where it also stops any tense, and there were demonstrations. Ban said that, during the visit, which was last held talks with Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev and noted that in this meeting stated &quot;the need to protect human rights and freedom of expression and assembly&quot;.
 The Government has agreed to resign from World news agencies last night reported that the Kyrgyzstan government has agreed to resign, and that President Kurmanbek Bakiyev traveled to Osh, a city in the south. Russian agency RIA Novosti was transferred to the leader of the opposition in this country centralnoazijskoj Temir Sarijev said that the government resigned and President Bakiyev left the capital, was transferred Reuters. Ambassadors from the ranks of the opposition Social Democratic Party Galina Skripkina, however, said it has reached an agreement with the government to resign, &quot;which still has not signed on paper.&quot; Skripkina added that Bakiyev arrived by plane from Bishkek to Osh, was transferred Reuters. U.S. government in Kyrgyzstan is still in power, the American news agency Asošiejtid Press (AP) reported that the opposition politicians last night took the staffs kirgiskih security forces. One opposition leader Kenešbek Dujšebajev sitting in the office of head of the agency for national security and orders issued by secret agents and special forces, transferred the AP.
 United States, however, believe that the government in Kyrgyzstan is still in power despite the claims of the representatives of the opposition that has submitted his resignation and that President Bakiyev left Bishkek, announced in Washington, State Department spokesman Philip Krouli.
 