While the German public knows about the difficulties of Deutsche Bahn AG in passenger traffic, the weekly Der Spiegel published both in freight traffic that is handled by a company owned by Schenker Rail station, not only in difficulty but the government there a disaster. Specifically, at the peak of the economic crisis when the cargo traffic dropped by as much as 22%, the railway was not necessarily conserved as many as 50,000 freight cars and left them standing throughout Germany. But the railway has surprised a relatively rapid economic recovery so that the company Schenker Rail jobs fail because they do not arrive quickly enough to enable its freight wagons. Rust in the brakes Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: In June 2009. in Italy was to blame for the accident - the wheel! problem was the long and wet winter so that the brake cylinders in many cars creating rust. Insofar staff must check each cylinder of each wagon, and even that is not enough.
 Because after the recent horrific accident in Italy in Viareggio, which caused a broken wagon wheel and the German railways in particular checks that there are no cracks and replacing worn wheels. But in some Lokan warehouses there are not enough new wheels, which further slows down the training of freight wagons. 180 compositions less rail Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The workshops have the advantage of passenger vlakoviRazmjeri these shortcomings, says Der Spiegel, because they are huge and full of workshops due to problems with high-speed passenger trains ICE. DB-in particular, lack of wagons for transportation of steel, and the combined burden of a closed transport vehicle. There is a problem because the disposition of locomotives or lack of them. Only one day of the week before Easter and the lack of locomotives and wagons to be entered into about 180 freight trains. The management group, said in Berlin, the &quot;perceived problem&quot; and a great hurry trying to resolve difficulties.
 But there is another problem which the unions say. The tremendous rationalization measures, the past few years the Railways farewell to the many contributors and closed numerous plants for maintenance vehicles. Now she simply lacks the capacity to solve this problem quickly enough and not angry customers. Author: A. Subic (Der Spiegel, Reuters) Re. ed: Snjezana Kobešćak
 