Where they&#39;re MPs of all parties were united is fear. Namely, if Greece only just beginning? Will the Monetary Union overcome the crisis? A number of MPs have warned of the possibility of a domino effect. What is happening with Greece, tomorrow, could happen with Portugal, with Spain a day after he warned Democrats Luxembourg ambassador Frank Engel. Britans conservative Letters Kay Swinburne comes from a country that does not belong to the euro-zone. Perhaps because of these facts can be without fear for his career to destroy taboos. Specifically, Swinburne believes that the implementation of these measures in order to stabilize in all the euro-zone unrealistic. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: China is a growing competitor - and sometimes a model not all the same &quot;It turned out that what was good for Greece, not necessarily be good for Germany. I&#39;m not saying that for each particular country should establish a special stabilization measures.
 But if it turns out that some measures do not work then you should have alternative proposals. &quot;Many MPs believe that globalization is an important, even the most important reason why the whole crisis has become so fierce and hard manageable. But despite the Swedish ambassador Ole Scmidt believes that the reasons for their evil can request a free market: &quot;There is of course too many people, primarily in Africa, who are still hungry. But so many people who benefit from globalization. &quot;China as a model independent of all party differences among the delegates there is no consensus on how to put the crisis in Europe lies in the commitment to a new, energy and industrial policies will be more oriented towards the protection of climate. In this sense, as a positive example he cites China Bildunterschrift: Is Greece just the beginning? &quot;The Chinese are currently leading the world in solar energy, and next year will take a leading position in the market when it comes to using wind power.
 They invest. We want you to just follow my own or want to be a leader in these areas, the question is posed by the Greens MP from the Netherlands Bas Eickhout. Prophet nejmačkih Democrats think like Thomas Mann: &quot;We will all benefit from the implementation of measures for environmental protection because in many member states have very strong environmentally oriented industries. This is a positive incentive that we can exploit. &quot;Numerous MPs are hoping that in this way will only be overcome crisis, but Europe will eventually come out of all strengthened. Author: Christoph Hasselbac / Z. Re Ilic. eds: Z. Arbutina
 