Text: I. Kri. / AH / JC AFP magnitude 7.0 on the Richter scale struck Haiti. It is the most devastating earthquake in that country otoèkoj in the last 200 years, whose tremors are able to hear all the way to Cuba. The capital of Port-au-Prince is in ruins, and expect hundreds of thousands dead, told CNN Prime Minister of Haiti, Jean-Max Bellerive. ¾ Red Cross estimates that the consequences of the earthquake felt around three million people, which makes a third of the population of Haiti. &gt; The deadliest earthquakes that hit Earth Prime has fallen heavily this katastrofièna forecast, even I still do not may believe that such a tragedy struck his country. &quot;I can only hope that this is not true that people have had enough time to save himself. Currently on the street have so many people do not know where he is who you lived. But so many houses, so many neighborhoods was razed to the ground. In some parts of the city more uopæe no people, &quot;says Prime Minister s ¾ Haiti.
 In his first statement after the earthquake president Perval has apologized for the Miami Herald that also fears that the number you will be a huge casualties. &quot;The scene in the capital is impossible to imagine. Parliament collapsed. The tax office had collapsed. Schools have collapsed. Hospitals have collapsed,&quot; shocked the president insists that he fears he would be the largest number of dead scene taken right out of the ruins of school buildings. &quot;More than 100,000 people have died in the earthquake,&quot; said the Consul General of Haiti in New York, Felix Augustin. Augustine also to ¾ as an earthquake flattened the land with almost all hospitals so that Haiti urgently needed medical equipment and supplies. An additional fear for the entire Caribbean region evoked the possibility of a tsunami, given that all the Caribbean states to hold a very small altitude. However, as reported charge you not be the official, about 10 hours of our time, the danger of tsunami has passed. All Croats are you still alive and well this morning, a spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs told the Index that the two police officers and èetveroèlana ¾ Croatian family living and healthy, but that could not be with them to make contact due to power failure or interruption in telephone lines.
 Croatian police were present just before 11 am and the police confirmed that they were good. How to Index spokesman said Dragun immediately after the information about the earthquake contacted our consular network a. &quot;According to our records, there are two Croatian policemen in the UN mission and a èetveroèlana Croatian family. We found that in the last earthquake without injury and that are located in the clinic. However, given the situation after the earthquake - no electricity, phone lines do not work, we may not come into contact with them &quot;, said Dragun this morning, adding that he would inform the public as soon come in contact with him. Around 13:40 pm the Foreign Ministry came a statement in which it is to you that the Croatian police and the family was told, and that in the earthquake-affected area located two Croatian hold citizen. A Croatian citizen hold, checked and said it was good, but on the other MFAEI failed even to get in touch so they do not know his fate.
 Already, about 14:10 pm from Dragun learn how to Croatia last reported and that was with him all right. Refuted some media that information is searching for several other Croatian nationals hold. MI: Our police officers immediately after the earthquake began to assist the victims are two police officers the official Ministry of the Interior and Tihomir Svatoš Igor Kruljac, who participate in UN peacekeeping mission in Haiti and MINUSTAH - well, was confirmed by police after Dragun. Svatoš Kruljac and reported to e-mail today after an earthquake you are both alive and healthy. They have traveled to Haiti in May 2009. The term of one year, and there to perform the job of instructors at the Police Academy. In an interview with Index, a member of the immediate family of Tihomir ¾ Svatoš, obviously upset, and on the verge of tears said &quot;do not know anything about Tihomir&quot;, and added to them on &quot;has not yet been reported. Immediately after the earthquake Svatoš Kruljac and activate the help of local authorities in rescue and care of the local population.
 Croatian police its the official sends officers to UN peacekeeping missions around the world since 2005. year, and in Haiti since 2007. year, according to police. Thousands of dead center of the first earthquake was about 15 kilometers from Port-au-Prince, the quake struck at 16:53 hours local time, reported The U.S. geteorološka the official Forum, the first after a large earthquake struck the 18 other smaller magnitude of about 5.0 degrees on the Richter scale. Tremors could be felt 300 miles away in Cuba. The U.S. Ministry of Foreign Affairs states that there is still no estimate on the number of deaths, but expected &quot;a serious loss of the life,&quot; said the spokeswoman. Port-au-Prince, built up the hill, is largely destroyed. Witnesses to the story of thousands of victims ¾. &quot;Hospitals can not cope with all that you victims,&quot; said Louis Gerard Gilles, physician and former senator, who is trying to help injured. &quot;Haiti must pray. We should all pray together,&quot; he added.
 Collapsed to the UN building, among the missing and the head of the peacekeeping mission in Haiti among the buildings that were destroyed or heavily damaged during the earthquake and the National palaces, presidential residences, a popular hotel Montana ... Almost completely collapsed buildings UN peacekeeping mission, and the United Nations it was announced that more than 100 members of their mission gone! Among the missing is the head of the mission Hedi Annabi, a Tunisian diplomat who, according to the French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner, is considered one of the victims of the earthquake you. Neither the United Nations has no detailed information about ¾ victims. Head of UN peacekeeping missions Alain Le Roy also said he was out of the rubble of the building scene taken 10 people, among whom were many hard to hurt, and now confirmed by &quot;less than five&quot; fatal cases. However, the French Minister of Foreign Affairs believes that the death toll will among UN peacekeepers to grow significantly and could preæi a hundred.
 The country continued to shake the U.S. after the first earthquake geologist Dale Grant said this is the strongest earthquake ever recorded ¾ en in this area. The last strong earthquake that occurred 1984th have had a magnitude of 6.7 degrees. Longer official U.S. Ministry of Agriculture Henry Bahn, which is visiting Haiti, said the sky became gray dust. Apologized that he was walking to the hotel when the country begun to shake. Interrupted communication with Haiti Bahn in the distance heard loud noises and screams of people, and saw some houses that were completed in the abyss. The streets were covered with stones from the ruined walls. Consul General of Haiti in the U.S. Felix Augustin said he was concerned for the population on the island, and especially for his family. &quot;Communication is completely impossible,&quot; said Augustin. Column of smoke and dust One witness, who works for USAID, said over the city, &quot;erected a large column of smoke and dust,&quot; a few minutes after the earthquake, &quot;a cloud that has been completely covered the city within 20 minutes.
 Preparation of the second witness assistance over the phone said she &quot;must be thousands of dead.&quot; Witnesses to the story of the destroyed buildings a century old, and the Associated Press writes about the total chaos, because the collapsed hospital. President Rene Perval not injured, but the real damage will only be assessed in nadolazeæim days. U.S. President Barack Obama said the U.S. government is &quot;ready to help the people of Haiti.&quot; The Pentagon prepared military and civilian aid, but it is unclear when it will send. Possibly that was destroyed in Haiti aviation structure and may not be possible to send aircraft to the island. Help they began to prepare and France, United Kingdom, Venezuela and the United Nations. A dangerous line of cleavage Because telephone lines were severed, communication with witnesses conducted by cell phone and Twitter. Richard Morse, a renowned musician who runs a famous hotel Olafson, on Twitter sent a series of short reports based on tales from the other arm.
 News in any case are not encouraging. Tremors occurred in the line of cleavage, where one tectonic plate moved horizontally next to each other, &quot;said U.S. earthquake expert Tom Jordan, at the University of Southern California, you ostrich. Because of the strength of the earthquake and its proximity to populated areas the damage is probably immeasurable. Scientists for years warned Haiti is the poorest Caribbean countries, a greater part of its nine million inhabitants of the Live in severe poverty. In November 2008. years after the collapse of the school on the outskirts of Port-au-Prince mayor said that 60 percent of buildings built and how bad they are not able withstand a serious earthquake ¾ ati. In the last five hundred years in the Caribbean, about Puerto Rico, Djevièanskih islands or Hispaniola, the island on which are located Haiti and the Dominican Republic, recorded by you, it was little more than ten earthquakes or strength of 7.0 in major. Scientists for years warned that the Hispaniola in great danger.
 On geological conference in March on you 2008th year, five scientists warned that a split line on the south eastern side of you is a serious threat. Yesterday when the earthquake occurred exactly on this line. Croatian Caritas started assistance, Kosor Jandrokoviæ sent telegrams compassion Minister of Foreign Affairs and European Integration Gordan Jandrokoviæ sent a letter to the Minister of Foreign Affairs of compassion and religion Marie Michelle Rey on the occasion of tragic consequences of the earthquake in the Republic of Haiti. In a letter to the Minister Jandrokoviæ expressed deep condolences on the occasion and suosjeæanje tragiènog earthquake in which the life lost many residents of Haiti. Expressed his condolences to their personal and on behalf of the hold of Croatian nationals. Condolences to the Prime Minister of Haiti, Jean-Max Belleriveu sent to the President of the Croatian government Kosor. &quot;With you alošæu I received news of the tragedy that struck your country. Our thoughts now are with the families of victims, as well as the rescuers working to save before you surviving and taking care of injuries.
 In these difficult times, in the name of the Croatian Government, and on my own behalf, expressed ¾ avam your sincere condolences, &quot;she wrote Kosor telegram compassion. Croatian Caritas Wednesday 13 January 2010th initiated the collection to help earthquake victims in Haiti. After the earthquake, in which, according to initial estimates, killed thousands of people and thousands homeless, destroyed either been damaged and numerous hospitals, schools and other important you do not the institution. Croatian Caritas urges all citizens and companies in Croatia that despite the global crisis and recession express you in solidarity, because Haiti is one of the poorest countries in the Western Hemisphere where more than half the total population you live in absolute poverty, deprived of decent shelter and food. Payments can be made to you. r. HC in PBZ 2340009-1100080340, call the Help number 10, collected in Croatia Croatian Caritas will make Caritas Haiti, through Caritas Internationalis - network of national Caritas in 162 countries providing logistical and operational support in providing you quality assistance and strengthening rehabilitation.
 Pursuant to an agreement on a teleconference Caritas Internationalis has already sent a disaster in this country its expert team, the national Caritas, which will assist in repairing the damage and coordinate the activities you urnih and then reconstruction and development. The development of things the list on the index Share
 