The world&#39;s best American tennis player Serena Williams will be defending the title winning the Australian Open. In the final, Melbourne younger Williams sister will play against returnees and former professional tennis world&#39;s best Belgian tennis player Justine Henin. Serena avenge her sister Serena Williams was to enter the finals played against the 16th carriers, Chinese Na Li, who is in the quarterfinals kicked her older sister Venus. Experienced Chinese game of life forms and is hard put the world&#39;s best tennis player. In both sets there was a big fight and they both decided in tie-break. The decisive, 13 games safer was Serena Williams at the end was celebrated with a 7:6 (4) and 7-6 (1). Henin easily with Jie Zheng in the second semi-final was not so exciting. United returnee Justine Henin has left it to other Chinese in the semi-Jie Zheng just one game and after 51 minutes of play celebrating with 6:1 and 6:0.
 Great finale younger Williams sister in Melbourne, hunts his fifth title, and 12th overall Grand Slam title. In Melbourne, played in four finals and celebrated four times (2003., 2005., 2007. And 2009.). Total played in 14 Grand Slam finals, and celebrated 11 times. Henin appearances in Melbourne thanks to the invitation of the organizers, but shows that it will very quickly return to the world&#39;s best. Henin was celebrated at the Australian Open six years ago, before four years lost in the final. Last played in Melbourne two years ago when he fell in the quarterfinals. Altogether a very rich career he won seven Grand Slam titles. With one title in Melbourne, Henin was celebrated four times at Roland Garros and twice at the U.S. Open. The only major tournament which is celebrating Wimbledon. Saturday&#39;s finale will be their 14th duel between the two, a successful Serena Williams leading with 7:6.
 The last match played in 2008. in Miami, and celebrated the younger Williams sister. Results of semifinal tennis player Serena Williams (USA / 1) - Na Li (Kina/16) 7-6 (4), 7-6 (1) Justine Henin (Bel) - Jie Zheng (China) 6:1, 6: 0
 