A lot of people èulo the Crimea, the less they know that the Crimea is actually a peninsula, and even fewer are known to be associated with the continent with only a few &quot;or&quot; that is narrow dikes. If one of the chiefs came on one days ludicrous idea to make the island of Crimea, could do it without too much trouble. Unfortunately, I missed the entrance to the Crimea. I managed a nice sleep on the bus, primarily after the man next to me, because a little leg room, he asked me somewhere around two in the morning if I have anything against having to replace the seats. Of course not. On the contrary, although the window has less space, it is better to sleep because you can lean on the window glass. However, it is so Zmazano from the outside (obviously not on this bus washed glass from the moment when he proudly brought from Spain) to barely see the landscape, but man sometimes can not choose. I wake up with the first serious sun. Somewhere around seven. About me vast plains of yellow, sun-tanned grass.
 I&#39;m a little disoriented. This I expected. I expected the hills and mountains and trees. And around me is just plain long gaze, and I do not know, I&#39;d say I&#39;m somewhere high in the Andes, and not in the Crimea. Yellow idyll is only occasionally interrupted many a pond or stream. All seems peaceful and surreal. First place in the Crimea seems like a typical experiment of communism: the gray apartment blocks, bad roads, Lade ... &quot;What is this city?&quot; I ask fellow passengers who zaèudo speak English. &quot;It&#39;s not a city. Just stop. &quot;Suits me. Later I found out that it was Yevpatoriya, once a very important center of the Crimean Tatars with a very important dervish monastery, several mosques, the Armenian church. Until Stalin this place at the entrance of the Crimea is decided to convert one of the ljeèilišta and various sanatoria built in the form of massive gray blocks. We continue along the road to Simferopol, the official capital of Crimea. On the one hand and still provide the vast yellow plains, but now I have another Black Sea.
 Also because there is no vast island like us. At one point we pass through another dam, the width of our roads, which shares some sort of lake (salt is likely due to the proximity of the sea) from the open Black Sea. Crimea is the largest of its 26.100 km2 peninsula in Ukraine and on the strategic position between East and West, shares of Azov from the Black Sea, and is not surprising that it often rulers of the ancient Greeks who had settled there in prehistoric times to the Tatars and the Russians and the Germans and the Soviets in recent times. Today there are about 2 million inhabitants of whom is even 60% of ethnic Russians, Ukrainians, 28% and 12% are Tatars and today, although at the time of Stalin deported to Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan and Siberia, some twenty years before they are allowed to return to their homeland. The population of Crimea is a very polarized like the whole of Ukraine. During this travels to the Ukraine could not not notice - east and south of Ukraine are pro-Russian oriented and there are more Russian than Ukrainian story; the west Ukrainian nationalism here is part of Russia&#39;s attempts to squeeze out pamæenja; Center of Ukraine to Kiev is trying to reconcile these so SIMILAR while so The different poles.
 Crimea was therefore pro-Russian orientation. Since 1954. officially belongs to Ukraine, when Nikita Hrušèov established the Autonomous Republic of Crimea with its own parliament in Kiev, but subordinated to the parliament in Kiev, and the Autonomous Republic of Crimea and exists today. A Simferopol, today a city of 345.000 inhabitants, it really looks like the capital of a Soviet creation. Broad Street, not just completely pressed. Grey communist blocks on all sides. City buses and trolleybuses which expired before the 40-odd years. It is no wonder that no longer holds in Simferopol. This is just a starting point for further travels in the Crimea. It may be in Simferopol come by train, bus or plane, and then on to Yalta, Sevastopol, or one of many places in krimskoj Black Sea coast. And a large majority of people do so and do. &quot;Good morning, please document.&quot; Cop stops me immediately after leaving the bus at the central bus station in Simferopol.
 It is obvious that pikira foreigners because that is just me, or else chose among dozens that have landed in Simferopol. I give him a passport to the immigration listiæem that I got at the entrance to the country. &quot;Not good. The upper part listiæa you should take the airport in Kiev and only you should stay below. &quot;We say. I feel that slowly enters the scene, police corruption in Ukraine. I just shrugged their shoulders and repeat in English, although I do not understand perfectly what we kužim krelac speaking in Russian. It is followed by the Mali sobièak two by two, with two policemen. &quot;No good.&quot; And repeat them. I began to something about drugs in Ukraine. There I lost them. I shrugged their shoulders. Who you fuck. Passivity is the best defense. Baksheesh from me, corrupt Ukrainian Dork, you will not get it. I know that the acting force and that I could easily call their boss or threaten their Croatian Embassy and immediately turned to a story.
 And in the worst case, I am ready for a bit of custody if she really needed. Just to have You&#39;re welcome to write about. But remember to tip! I continue to shrug their shoulders and dull to watch. After 15-minutes, liabilities, and these fruitless, exhausted from a stranger who understands nothing, we only show the finger to the door: &quot;Ok. Go. &quot;Even though my bus from Odessa was actually a direct bus to Yalta, I decided to disembark in Simferopol. Maybe it&#39;s a little weird because I do Yalta and could arrive more quickly and comfortably. But when a man travels, not all of the commodity. It is important to the enjoyment, exploration of something new and diverse, of something special. A bome a special trolleybus number 52nd This old-timer all day every 20-minutes is geared to stop in front željeznièkog station in Simferopol at 85 kilometers dugaèak way to Yalta. Yes, you read it. 85 miles! The longest is a trolley line in the world and the best way, but also the slowest, to meet the Crimea, from landscapes to his people who regularly use the trolley because of its economical price.
 Only 12 Hryvnia and 8.40 kuna for the trip of 85 miles! Upon leaving the Simferopola, the landscape begins to change. One of the original yellow plains are now replaced by small hills with trees and then higher and higher and higher, would not they eventually turned into the real mountains, mostly covered with pines. High mountains are separated from the rest of southern Crimea peninsula and promatrajuæi their slopes to the north, there is little known. Reminds me of our continental slope of Mt Velebit or, also covered in dense forest. And trolleybuses slowly ascends and descends, sometimes so slowly that the man beside him and could go faster hodajuæi. But do not bother to. I have plenty of time. After the last pass indicates again the Black Sea, but deep down, at the bottom of steep cliffs. South cliff Crimean mountains, one with sea view, are very rocky and steep, and vegetation is mainly down to grass and what we call the maquis.
 Unbelievable how Crimean Black Sea coast slièi our Adriatic! The only difference is that the Crimea has no islands. My accommodation in Yalta is one of the communist experiment. At the top of a hill, Yalta is a very hilly city, situated Pansionat Parkovy. It is built in 1951. in the form of a huge complex (of course, the only color that here there is a gray concrete) at the time the USSR was a sanatorium that ljeèilište the broad masses of the Soviet Workers. There was a hospital and a hotel and several other buildings, but today it lies completely devastated. Cat and dogs walking around. Everywhere were left empty bottles and other trash. And the air smells in the urine. From the complex today is a function only hotel, I believe the cheapest accommodation options in Yalta. Letting the soul that I may find a hotel and especially the main entrance. Little is lost. After an hour I go through the only open door in the massive Soviet zgradurinu Lenjinku and wonder at the door: &quot;Reception?&quot; &quot;Here.&quot; Show me the little stoliæ the chair next to the entrance.
 Poor reception in my life have I seen. If this can be uopæe and call reception. My only reservation is for tomorrow, and that I spent in Odessa just one instead of two days, I decided to add another Yalta noæenje. Not because I Jalta something special interests. Is likely the word is on the tourist soft Ukraine, and try to avoid such places in his travels. The good side is that Yalta is a great odskoèna board for exploring the surrounding area where there are small fishing villages, vineyards, luxurious palaces ... Lenjinki pace to explain the situation to make a reservation. Literally, it needs to draw on paper. She called over the phone someone but that someone does not answer. So called from a fixed, but even this does not occur. Yet the phone ... The game of telephone calls from mobile and fixed phone takes a good 15 minutes until finally someone at the other end of the handset is lifted and Lenjinki gave me permission to receive, instead of one night, two nights.
 Amazingly, as well as the 20 years since the fall of communism, the old habits remain. While waiting kartonèiæ hotel guest (that according to the instructions Lenjinke the whole time I have with them) and coupons for breakfast, the reception comes only person in my stay in Ukraine that can proudly say that he knew English. Stupid jokes about blondes fall into the water here, because this pretty blonde, with piercing dark blue eyes, possibly the most beautiful I&#39;ve seen in my life, speak English fluently. And then he followed behind her desfile Lenjinki, Staljinki, Hrušèovki and Brežnjevki with a mustache and woke me from sleep. One of them constantly I viðati the following day at doruèku and I was a step away from the fact that she can borrow his razor to shave because it is too, too. Is the &quot;women&#39;s&quot; never seen in the mirror? I spend the afternoon in the first manually washing because I ran out of T-shirts, and then piskaranju.
 Sometime back a little before five, I met with George over Donetsk, where he had a successful meeting with Srnom, came to Yalta. This night we&#39;ll be roommates in the former Soviet sanatorium. Evening to descend in Yalta. Saturday was fun and expects. No, not Kiev and Yalta are obviously my expectations were unrealistic. I city of about 80.000 inhabitants live entirely for tourism. But the massive tourism that is not a concern for ecology, long-term sustainability, but rather just how far solely and immediately from the fleece of tourists as much money. And meant it and build a whole range blješteæih bars, open a whole range of shops and set hrpetinu stands where you can buy far more Chinese souvenirs, but authentic Crimean. Then there are all over the stage where guests can paint is trained in various historical costumes. And painting with old engines. And painting with a variety of animals. And it goes on forever.
 But all would not be earned 5 or 10 Hryvnia. There are also hotels, loaded one to another, from the old Soviet gigantic gray (which would not hurt a bit throw paint) to ultra-modern yet also gigantic that protrude into the scene. It destroys the whole coast in order to attract more guests. And since there is no plan to build all they want and where they want. Yalta is a drought-muæ everything and svaèega. What is the Benidorm Spain or Budva in Montenegro, it was the Jalta Ukraine. If it were not worth visiting the surrounding area, tomorrow I&#39;d already been on the first bus from Yalta. Tourists ... Ah, the tourists ... Russians, Ukrainians, Russians ... This is Ukraine in its worst light. TROLLEYBUS 52 Simferopol-Yalta UAH 12.00 Accommodation in Hotel Parkovy (Sverdlova 34, Yalta) UAH 135.00 per person for noæenje with breakfast in a double room for noæenje 170.00 UAH with breakfast in single room (through www.expedia. com) 11.09.2010. u 19:37 • 0 Comments • Print • # • ^
 