Kemal Tokić the flow near Gradacac started in 1970. year out of curiosity to travel to Germany. His first stop was West Berlin. While in the former Yugoslavia had a good job, Kemalov tourist arrival in Berlin turned into a permanent stay. Employed in the firm Schindler, from Gradacac brought his wife and daughter, and soon afterwards Tokic received and new family member, son Saud, who was born in Berlin. Tokic they feel comfortable in western Berlin. That the city is divided by a wall is not much interested in them. Mariah has been working on assembling at sites across Germany, so he no East nor West were not the page. &quot;Before the five years I said to the man who worked with me to Germany to reunite. He laughed. I had this hunch. When Willy Brandt went to visit by Erich Honecker, I knew it would be to unite. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Berlin entrepreneurs, father and son, Kemal, and Tokić Saud Saud grew up in the western districts of Berlin, in the eastern part of went with friends, usually on the weekends fun.
 &quot;With 20 German marks to celebrate the whole night,&quot; recalls Saud. &quot;We went there because it was cheaper entertainment. We had more opportunities to enter into a discotheque with less money. There we were with Western money kings, &quot;said Saud. Orientals are known for speaking and walking, and are not inclined to foreigners Father and son lead his own private company and now operate throughout Germany. &quot;Regardless of what the country for twenty years now unified East and West Germans are still not united,&quot; said Tokic. Many Berliners from the West, they moved after the fall of the Berlin Wall to the East, because the rent was much cheaper. Have moved up and Tokic, from the western districts Steglitz and Schöneberg, even in the west Mariendorf. And the cost of expensive cost of living, and the older and younger generations of the family remained faithful Tokić former West Berlin. &quot;God forbid, what can I do there? And the house and all I have here in West Berlin.
 Easterner always knows! &quot;And women and men are always famous for walking, and speech, by all,&quot; says Kemal. Neither Saud would not ever want to move to the east. &quot;It&#39;s still in me and my head stayed east and west. That I feel in my life, I feel that the great distance between us and the eastern Germans to the West. East Germans, especially for us foreigners, keep distance. &quot;&quot; The Berlin Wall has not interested me at all &quot;Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Elizabeth Kopić shows where the wall was built. Only 50 meters away from her family were vikendice.Kada Kopić, who 41 years ago from Slavonski Brod came to work in Berlin, visiting from home and abroad to come to relatives and friends. First they asked for the Berlin Wall, &quot;he recalls with a smile Elizabeth Kopić. I still remember the reactions of its neighbors, when in 1969. was left for Berlin. &quot;Even then I heard&quot; Well, just everywhere in Berlin, you know that there is the wall? &quot;No, I did not mean very much, then wanted to go to Germany.&quot; After several years spent in Berlin, Elizabeth was with her husband decided to buy town house with garden.
 The estate is located in the neighborhood zapadnoberlinskom Neuköln. Only 50 meters away, on the other side of the wall, was the Treptow district with identical cottages and gardens in the East Berliners. &quot;The Berlin Wall was not interested in me, that could climb up and look over in the eastern part. I&#39;ve never done and do not remember any of my family went to watch. It was somehow different world, and the story was this: Not good with them or play, do not climb up there, you might hit a bullet. There have been over the same colonies (cottages with gardens), but I like them I had never seen, and the wall fell. &quot;Instead of the Berlin wall that divided two gardens, wide roads built today Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Today, street , formerly ZidElizabeta is often went to East Berlin. At the central square east, Alexanderplatz, leaving you only when she came to visit friends and relatives.
 Otherwise, the ride itself and urban public transportation was a kind of adventure for Elizabeth. &quot;Sit in the S-Bahn or U-Bahn (suburban railway and metro), take a few cells, normal passengers exit and enter. Drive further and feel that odejdnom U-Bahn and S-Bahn reduced speed, for example, we find the Friedrichstrasse. There is no way out, God forbid, there is a border crossing, you see an army armed to the teeth. S-Bahn goes slowly, then increase speed, again passing through several western stations, and again falls into the eastern part of ... .. &quot;The news of the unification of Germany and the abolition of borders between the two cities, families Kopić learned in front of the television screen. Soon after followed the demolition of 155-kilometer-long Berlin Wall. Unfortunately, Elizabeth was a witness to the destruction of that part of the wall of her cottages was only 50 meters. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Elizabeth Kopić in the front garden cottages &quot;When I arrived, mostly no more walls, no one home, from which we could look through.
 The border strip, which was between our colonies and those colonies over, it&#39;s now this wonderful wide roads, Kiefholzstrasse. I personally do not think there is more to the wall once was, because we did not even bother. I have not had anybody on the side that might have had to suffer. &quot;The first impression of Berlin:&quot; How come so many so quiet in the big city? &quot;After graduating from University of Zagreb and completed his military service, Milorad Zivkovic 29th December 1978th arrived in Berlin. He researched the German and British travel writing on the Balkans in the 17th and 18 century, and it was supposed to be a topic of his doctoral dissertation at the University of West Berlin. Zivkovic Berlin dreamed about since early childhood. According to stories his aunt, who is also the second World War II she moved to Berlin and his uncle who was a pilot and had a regular line between Belgrade-Vienna-Berlin, Zivkovic, this city is perceived as unreal most northern capital of between Paris and Moscow.
 Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The monument to victims of the Wall (the cottage) who tried to escape from East to zapadJoš remembers his first impression when he arrived in Berlin: &quot;What amazed me the silence that prevails in their public transport, regardless of Is it a subway, bus or S-Bahn (suburban railway). For us it is quite different, there are people who argue, sing ...., And here all either silent or read newspapers. It was the first impression, so a big city, so many people, and silence. &quot;&quot; The wall was awesome, and hilarious apsuradn &quot;The Berlin Wall has met immediately upon arrival. The train that ran from Zagreb via Munich arrived at the train station in eastern Berlin. &quot;Strict and the notorious East German customs officers were in a good mood that day,&quot; recalls Zivkovic, and customs control at the border to West Berlin instead of three hours, lasted only about twenty minutes.
 &quot;This wall was very solid, as the German-Prussian done, but I totally looked like in a surrealistic filmu.Prosto unlikely that goes through the center so a high wall with barbed wire on top. Was awful, and it is absurd and ridiculous! &quot;Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Milorad Zivkovic was remained vijeran western part gradaŽivković in western Berlin completed his doctorate, he worked as a correspondent for NIN and gained a family. Life in East Berlin it was not conducted frequently, occasionally visited relatives of his wife and youngest daughter ran into a puppet theater in which the price of half a mark was symbolic. German unification and the collapse of the Berlin Wall was greeted euphorically, wander till dawn in East Berlin with his friends. Berliners are reluctant to go into other neighborhoods Many have migrated after the unification of the former eastern neighborhood because the rent was cheaper.
 However, Zivkovic has remained faithful to the western part of town. &quot;Berlin is a huge city, and each lives in his neighborhood. My part of the Charlottenburg. When I go to the Kreuzberg Neuköln or feel like I&#39;m going to another city, even though it is the former West Berlin. The same is true for the east. I go from time to time, but it feels a difference, not so much by architecture, but the mentality and behavior of people. I&#39;m simply addicted to this part, on this square, where he arrived 30 years, I feel very comfortable. With all my friends and acquaintances I meet here or in another two to three cafes in the area. &quot;Author: Selma Filipovic Editor: Mehmet Smajić
 