Morning we started with one of the most famous anti-war song &quot;Enola Gay&quot; in 1980. year. Immediately after the song on the radio I heard the news that today&#39;s celebration of the 45-anniversary of the fall of the atomic bombs on the Japanese city of Hiroshima, attended by U.S. ambassador. RELATED NEWS Blogs Since the arrival of the first official U.S. representative at the commemorations in Hiroshima, there have been calculations that during his visit to Japan, the city could visit and President Barack Obama. U.S. bomber Enola Gay sixth August 1945. The cast was then a new weapon, the atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima. Three days later, the atomic weapons dropped on Nagasaki and Japan finally signed the capitulation. However, the reverse of the Second World War it was dark because of the atomic bomb killed about 220,000 Japanese civilians. America has never apologized later for the tragic death of Japanese citizens, and the atomic bomb became a symbol of simultaneous power and abuse of science.
 Think about the abuse of science since 1985. when I was a student of physics in the course &quot;Modern physics and philosophy of&quot; listening to lectures late academics discussed the inclusion. He spoke at a lecture on the deep moral dilemmas Robert Oppenhaimera, which are more famous physicists struggled after the atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki caused death and terrible suffering of Japanese civilians. Originally from prominent German-Jewish family, Oppenheimer led a comfortable life of American intellectuals to September 1942. when he became scientific director of the Manhattan Project in 1945. The resulting atomic bomb. Celebrated as the &quot;father of the atomic bomb,&quot; Oppenheimer after the tragedy of Japanese civilians became preoccupied with the ethical issues and an opponent of creating even more powerful hydrogen bomb. He eventually became a victim of dark McCartijeve era: the accused is alleged to Communism because of a romantic relationship with a doctor and a Communist Jean Tatlock, a destroyed and it is testimony to his fellow physicist Edward Teller.
 U.S. President John F. Kennedy in the early Sixties was rehabilitated Oppenheimer, but the father of the atomic bomb until his death 1967th he was preoccupied with its responsibility for the tragedy of the Japanese people. On it were written numerous books, some of which is probably the best b &quot;American Prometheus: The Triumph and Tragedy of J. Robert Oppenheimer Kai Bird and Martin J. Sherwin in 2005. year. Oppenheimerov main opponent of Edward Teller, hydrogen bomb and the creator of Star Wars project, died seven years ago. Teller, who has served as an inspiration for the cult film &quot;Dr. Strangelove &quot;with Peter Sellers in the starring role, before the end of his life he admitted that his testimony was virtually destroyed Oppenheimer. In the meantime, 2005. died and Nobel laureate Hans Bethe, the last key protagonist of creating an atomic bomb that Teller joined in the creation of hydrogen bombs, allegedly to meet the whims of their wasteful women.
 Had they lived, would be the main protagonists of the Manhattan Project today joined U.S. Ambassador in Hiroshima? Hiroshima atomic bomb number of recommendations: 8 Post to Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 