Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Papandreou: &quot;The most important thing is to save the country&quot; &quot;The most important thing is to save the country. I will take all that the state would go bankrupt&quot;, reported the Greek prime minister in a dramatic speech at an extraordinary session of the government in Athens. He warned that the citizens expect a tough time, but promised to do everything to protect the poorest strata of the population. Papandreou also announced that Greece should help in the amount of 60 billion euros per year. Experts estimate that in Athens in the next three years to overcome the crisis need loans amounting to 120 billion euros. Most of this amount will ensure the eurozone. In the first year, Greece should get 30 billion euros of its European partners and 15 billion from the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Citizens protest against austerity measures in previous negotiations, the European Commission, European Central Bank and the IMF with the Greek government assistance is conditional on strict austerity measures.
 Greece should be the end of 2014. year to reduce its government deficit from the current 13.9 to below three percent. The government has announced a reduction of pensions and salaries in public services and increasing taxes and prices. Against these measures in Athens and Thessaloniki protested about 20,000 people. A decision on assistance in Brussels Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The European partners will help Greece today (2.5.) Afternoon in Brussels to meet ministers of Finance 16 member states of the eurozone that Greece&#39;s aid package must be adopted unanimously. German Chancellor Angela Merkel has sought to impose strict measures against countries that violate the rules in the future stability of the euro. It suggests that these countries temporarily suspend the right to vote in the European Union. &quot;Nobody wants to sack without a bottom,&quot; Merkel explained, alluding to the Greek cross. AJG / dpa / Reuters / AFP Re. Editor: Anto Janković
 