Time: 16 December 2010. Location: Zagreb on the 16th December 2010. beginning at 20:00 pm, there will be a show called &quot;Anzola de Parenzo: gia Turchi et hora Christian&quot;, author Gaetanoa Benčić. The story here is that found its inspiration in people who have in late 17th century, actually existed and lived in Porec. Anzola story about her wedding and we learn from the wills and Marc Barbariga Marc&#39;Antonija Corsini. The action plays a fictional course, as the fruit of imagination and character Santini, Anzoline old and the bad adviser. However, stories about weddings, the names of other characters, as well as a surprise that in a small town community has caused this young Turk converted, build on those anecdotes which history is often forgotten and that we, once converted into literary story, may well present life, which plots , both today and past, including passion, conventionality, and love interests.
 The theater was written in Istria and Veneto dialect to the audience closer to the original language that was spoken at that time. Dialect spoken in the play is original from the 17 century, except pokoje word, but is associated with today&#39;s Istrian-Venetian dialect spoken in Istria. More ... | No Comments | 8 December 2010 Selimovića &quot;fortress&quot; at City Theatre Pula Author: svetlanas | Categories: Events, News Time: 12 December 2010. Location: On 12 INK Pula Prošić 2010th, starting at 20:00 hours, Kruševačka Theatre will host the City Theatre Pula and with the play directed by Nebojsa Bradic &quot;Fortress&quot;. The resulting novel by Mesa Selimovic, &#39;Fortress&#39; Kruševačkog theater deals with representation of Sarajevo at the time of the battle Hoćimske 1621st , Which is sung and Gundulić in his &#39;Uthman&#39;. The main character of &#39;Fortress&#39; Ahmet Sabo, a young teacher, who returned from a bitter war and trying to start a peaceful life with his wife, Tijana, and standing up against social injustice, he manages to antagonize powerful of the city fortress, whose themes of love, relationships, politics and ideology, are present in other Selimović, released in 1970., a titular motif appears as a real fortress (prison, place of execution), but also as a metaphorical representation of separation and confinement of an individual.
 Selimović novel was adapted for the stage and directed by Nebojsa Bradic, and otherwise specialized adapatacije novels of which is beyond Andrić &#39;Yard&#39; award winning and Sterijino. He says the official announcement: Bradić known Selimović style genius translates to its absolute opposite - pregnant, raw, true conflict that is essentially the literary metaphors, hidden deep in the psychological motives Selimovićevih hero, who, it is clear, run the eternal will to power and desire for power ... More ... | No Comments | 7 December 2010 performance of &quot;The God I hurry, call or replicas of the Century&quot; in Pula Author: svetlanas | Categories: Events, News Time: 04 December 2010. Location: On 04th INK Pula December 2010. beginning at 21:00 hours, will be held in Pula INK guest performances Theatre Gardelin Zagreb, titled &quot;God I hurry, call or replicas of the Century&quot; by Ivica Miljačika. The play &quot;God I hurry, call or replica of the century,&quot; a genre is defined as &quot;a comedy satire.
 The play, which, on one level, is intended to mock the present, its circumstances and its need to enslave us. To us the weight of time pressed, crushed? As we are misplaced, as we were &quot;poisoned&quot;? How is our burden? How are accelerated, as we have ourselves? Where do we and what we can? Only some of the issues that will interweave the way Adam and Eve in &quot;their time,&quot; time &quot;purity&quot; at this present time. Source: http://www.glumciuzagvozdu.hr/hr/program/bog-zurim,-call-or-replica-century, 19.html More ... | No Comments | 1 December 2010 premiere dance performance INTERFACE in Zagreb Author: svetlanas | Categories: Events, News Time: 14 rujan 2010th Location: ZeKaM, Zagreb on 14 September 2010. beginning at 20:00 pm, there will be a premiere dance performance interface, the artistic director koreografii ZPA Snjezana Abramovic Milke and assistant choreographer, from Pula Ognjen Vucinic.
 The play will run Zrinka Lukčec, Ognjen Vucinic, Sara Barbieri, Doždor Darius, Alexander Misic, Nevistić Martin, Peter Chelfi, Elvis Hodzic. Interface is the fourth choreographer Snjezana Abramovic Mlković, large ensemble performances for 8 dancers. And this time, the viewer is invited to join the highly theatricalised, refined style dance language, which in addition to intellectual engagement, and offers superb virtuosity of one of the most acclaimed dance companies in the region. Play the starting point of research takes the relationship of virtual and real in our experience of modernity. The fact is that the boundaries of our experience of virtual and real all porous, and the experience of reality can easily become the ultimate illusion. Interface assumes the worlds of computer games, graphic and their functions, dealing with the manner in which the virtual experience affirms the potential of new thinking about our identity: it is desirable, fetish, fake, a variety of identities which are inhabited.
 If we follow the thought of Gilles Deleuze, virtually no real need to oppose, but the current, while the opposite is really possible. In this regard Interface examines what makes a virtual dance experience, primarily sensory, perceptual theatrical act. Photo: http://www.livingstone-magazine.com/ More ... | No comments | 9 September 2010 Roman drama &quot;Crispo,&quot; the visa Author: marinap | Categories: Events, News Time: 03 August 2010. Location: Peninsula visa, Medulin Today, at 20:00 pm on the peninsula, visa, near the Hotel Arcus in Medulin, there will be an antique drama called &quot;Crispo,&quot; directed by Robert Raponja. This is a show that has already been performed on the ruins of a Roman villa and is delighted many visitors and tourists who attended her. The action drama is set in Roman times, the imperial court, a victim whose imperial crown prince Crispo.Stvarna the story is historical and has played just summer in Medulin Lord&#39;s 326-th.
 In drama, the actors playing the Academy of Dramatic Arts in Osijek, Pula, members of the association FERR. After the show on the terrace of the Hotel &quot;Arcus&quot; will be prepared a rich and lavish Roman dinner. &quot;Crispo,&quot; a repeat of 17th August 2010. More ... | No Comments | 3 August 2010 Bharatanatyam performances and workshops in Labin Author: marinap | Categories: Events, News Time: of 6 to 8 August 2010. City: Labin solo Bharatanatyam performances Nikolina Nikoleski and workshops of the Indian classical dance starts 6th August 2010. at 21:00 hours at the Festival of Visual Theatre in Labin. Dance of the stories from Indian mythology and epics, is known for sculptural posture, grace and a dynamic rhythm. It is a blend of dance that combines the ancient art of dance, music, patnomimu and yoga. In Bharatnatyam workshop will learn to dance ADAVU-technical units and Wisdom codified language of hand gestures.
 Practice will be flexibility, concentration, creativity, emotional expression, understanding of other cultures and more. Nikolina Nikoleski Workshop, a professional dancer, choreographer and teacher of Bharatnatyam, modern dance and yoga. She graduated from the Academy of Pina Bausch in Germany Folkwang-Hochschule Essen, winner of the Indian government scholarship (Indian Council for Cultural Relations) to study Bharatnatyam in New Delhi. He is currently a professor of dance and yoga in the French Embassy School, New Delhi. More ... | No Comments | 1 August 2010 performance of &quot;orphan&quot; to determine Casoni vecchi Author: marinap | Categories: Events, News Time: 28 July 2010th Location: Fort Casoni Vecchi, Pula Wednesday, 28 July 2010. at 21:00 AM at Fort Casoni vecchi will be of &quot;orphan&quot; (L&#39;orphelin), Theatre de la feuille. L&#39;autre coté (Other Side) is a Chinese story translated into French by Voltaire.
 The story is set 600 years before Christ in a time when China was divided into regions, interrupted by the reign of the ruling family in the search for a missing heir Zhao family. The story follows the rescue the last remaining heir Zhao family, lost child in osvetoljubivoj desire for the supremacy of certain death with the chief military leader Tu An Gua. Theatre de la Feuille was created with the desire connecting different states of mind, thought and culture in a functional creative mass. Group aims to expand the horizons merging of different traditions and cultures in a theater world. Inspired by the idea of Wong Chun Tata merger of East and West, the two extremes, the group crossed his energy into his first solo project. Group members are: Elisabetta Spaggari, Geoffrey Armour, Pierre Filiez, Jung Ju Kim, Frank Meden, Wong Chun Tat, along with director Wong Chun Tate. More ... | No Comments | 26 July 2010 performance of &quot;The alliance faces in the universe&quot; in Bale Author: marinap | Categories: Events, News Time: 24
 July 2010th Place: Trg Tomaso Bembo, Bale Dana 24 July 2010., at 21:00 pm on the square Tomaso Bembo Bale will be performances by Goran Matovica called &quot;brotherhood person in the universe.&quot; A quarter-century on stage, but is enough for any-such a regime. Or for a new assembly derived from the belief that parts make a whole and that is unthinkable without the mosaic of tiny parts. Eisenstein, argued that the installation procedure for the two separate elements (plus the poetry scene) created a third. The third in this case, nij is ... none other than Goran Matović. Who does not believe a look at his performance. The play was supported by the Tourist Board Bale. More ... | No Comments | 23 July 2010 performance in Furbaćona Lindar Author: marinap | Categories: Events, News Time: 11 July 2010 Place: Lindar On 11 July 2010., at 21:00 pm in lindarskoj Fortress, in front of the church, for the first time outside the theater will be performed Furbaćona produced Istrian National Theatre in Pula.
 The play is written in dialect, to make it easier to close all the inhabitants of Istria. The music in the show signed by Bruno Krajcar, text by Angela comedy Beolca Ruzzantea La Moscheta (Music) wrote Branko Lucic, production designer Robert Pauletta. All the characters of comedy and all their relations were set up in the shadows of passion love, desire and sensuality. In Furbaćoni play Denis Brižić, Romina Vitasović, Rade Radolović, Teo Tian and Alfredo Kociančić. INK this project challenges in streets and squares, the Istrian town. Furbaćona the 22nd occur in July and 25 Vodnjanu July in Matulji. The photo was taken with http://www.ink.hr/index.php?id=371 More ... | No Comments | 5 July 2010 premiere of &quot;Naming&quot; in Pula Author: svetlanas | Categories: Events, News Time: 21 May 2010. Location: The old printing press, Pula On 21 May 2010. beginning at 21:00 hours there will be a prime non-verbal performance titled &quot;Appointment&quot;.
 This is a copyright work two Istrian artist, David Belas and Elde Kosanović-Radovik, talking about relationships differences and similarities between the individual authors - a man and a woman. Alternate roles, something intimately author gives to another author: personal expectations, dreams and hopes, čangrizavost, prototype male-female desire, the role and behavior. Directing plays by David Belas, executive producer Robert Rudan, for shaping and guiding lights in charge Marko Bolković, a musical selection of works by Mark Ritoša. More ... | No Comments | 19 May 2010 «Older Entries
 