June 24, 2010 Posted in City News Celebrating St. Bone, patron of Vukovar, began this evening at 17:30 in the winter port of Vukovar, where the relics of St. Bone to arrive by boat, which was named patron saint, in the same way as the body before, more than 250 years, was delivered. Saint&#39;s relics. Bone to St.. Philip and James were taken by representatives of the Croatian Army. In the procession were representatives of the city of Vukovar and engaged firefighters, children&#39;s choirs, and many citizens. Upon arrival in St.. Philip and James held a gala evening prayer led by Msgr. Juraj Jezerinac, Military Ordinary of Croatian. According to legend, St. Bono was a Roman soldier and a persecutor of Christians. Knowing Pope Stephen I, baptized and instead donned military attire is misničko. At his baptism by Pope Stephen I, gave the name BONO TJ. GOOD. Accused of worshiping the Christian God, he was thrown into prison. Tradition says that there is Bono encouraged and comforted detained Christians in word and deed.
 Contrary to the Pope Stephen I encouraged the words: &quot;Do očajati Holy Father, that we are prepared for the faith of Christ to leave everything, and indeed their last drop of blood shed.&quot; When you force Gentiles to deny the other martyrs of the faith of Christ, and to worship the statue and idol lažnome Mart, Bono replied flatly: &quot;Heavenly Father, who are supposedly the tower and the tower of Babel, break down this place (the statue of idols Marte), which devil teaching and falsely seduces people! &quot; Same to Bono doreče, when the great miracle if all the present shock bolt from the blue statue of the gods in March, and it in no time smrtvi. Car Galien, angry because the Bonn, strike him with the sword get mad, it has happened the 1st August 260th year. The Roman martirologiju stands on 01 August: &quot;In Rome, the Latin street; Bono priest, Fausto and Mavro were the executed!&quot; O. Joseph Jankovic, vukovarac, staying in Rome, he asked Pope Benedict XIV, to him for his city Vukvoar grant of power by a saint &quot;for the mental comfort of my people in Srem and Slavonia.
 Pope Benedict XIV. comply with his request and give him power &quot;famous knight and a brave hero Bone, the celebrant and the glorious martyrs, to be an educator, patron and defense varoša Vukovar and various state and vialjeta. Body St. Bone comes 24th in Vukovar lipnja 1754th Mr. First has been exposed to worship at the main altar, only to be later passed on the altar of St.. Joseph in the right aisle of the &quot;new Jordan&quot; of the church, where he remained until the aggression on Vukovar in August 1991. That it preserves all of bezočnog destruction, he was placed with other treasures from the monastery church in the church crypt. There remains until 1995. g., when hatred destroyer loaded with gasoline poured over the city of Vukovar and pali. Gabriela Bartulović Photo: GB
 