Russia worse and it&#39;s not easy to watch. Hundreds of thousands of acres of the best, beautiful birch forest, one that we could watch the film made by Pasternakovom &quot;Doctor Zhivago&quot;. Burning of forests, houses, ljudi.U Moscow visibility only a hundred feet from the power recommended citizens to wear masks. Search for an excuse to high temperatures, as this is the first hot summer that arrived in Moscow. Russian Prime Minister Putin in a white shirt and burned visits to the nation promising the dismissal and punishment of some government officials. President Medvedev dismiss officers, pointing a finger at them and the amount of their liability. Minister for Emergency Situations, the eternal Šojgua, what is here with us, in Nis, a real basis for the extraordinary circumstances and no one mentioned as the responsible but he smeško standing with Vladimir Putin. Or he is responsible only for Serbia and that it accidentally went into the NATO alliance. God knows. In rare, so rare, &quot;sown&quot; opposition media in Russia, one can read that for this disaster, the one most responsible Putin, whom Medvedev can not be dismissed because it would be like now in Serbia, Mirko Cvetkovic dismissed Tadic, or that he could once Lilić Milosevic dismissed.
 What are we, according to these media works .. In 2007. forest estates are liquidated, forest aviation completely destroyed and 200 000 people without jobs. Among laid-off were the whole dynasty of foresters, people who lived in the forest-covered regions of Russia and decades, from father to son transmitted the love and commitment to the forest. The function of preserving and protecting forests by the new Law on Forests is transferred to the direct beneficiaries, as well as industrial and commercial structures that are engaged in the running. This allows the same as when applied to the Criminal Code which stipulates that the function of security and protection of citizens engaged offenders. Forest Act in 2007. pushed the two groups of lobbyists. Some owners of industrial conglomerates for the production of paper and pulp (one of them is Oleg Deripaska), while others are big investors to build settlements in the territory superluksuznog rubljovskih forest near Moscow.
 &quot;Do not do it people! Izgorećemo &quot;, with a loud voice in the chorus then cried all the experts in forestry. Even some of the most loyal party members Unique Russia, mostly those coming from the region rich in forests, were against it, but nothing helped. Under extremely heavy pressure (at the time of Putin&#39;s) administration of the president, the law is the accelerated procedure was simply zakucan the Duma voting panel, the side that voted &quot;for&quot;. The next two flights were rainy, and threaded &quot;like a dog through the dew.&quot; And here it is now a third, extremely hot and dry, and what now? Nothing, here&#39;s where we burn. (This description was taken from the site &quot;Hourglass&quot;) and what still speaks Russian opposition and the press as a way to conduct us so familiar? And of course the problem is not only in the Forests Act. Federal Agency for Forestry (Rosleshoz), the state institution that is now subordinated to the Ministry of Agriculture, now manages some Savinov.
 Since this is a man who was brought to that place from St. Petersburg, the reasons why he is on it is quite as worthy of respect. But is not that important. The problem is that we Savino, during all these tragic days for the Russian forest, we never even heard or seen. In almost to the ground izgorelom village Verhnjaja Vereja, nižegarodskoj place in areas where there were over 340 houses, there were no fire engines nijednih. Question: Who is in our country is responsible for fire safety? Answer: Head of MCS, the Minister Šojgu. And I&#39;m just more and I&#39;m not so sure if that is true. Because if this is true, how is it that the Minister Šojgu, standing next to Putin while he burnt the village reading public dressing down governors nižegarodske field so peacefully and innocently smeško. When the fierce fire erupted in the region 17 and a fire engulfed 120 000 hectares of forest, Putin ordered that the job of fire include the Army.
 Purely technically, it means that in the fight against the fires will not use civilian fire technique that has been shown to be powerless in extinguishing forest fires, but will be from nearby rivers, such as the Volga, for example, water pipes lead to the offending noise flame. Now the question arises: what is a mind that this is an order issued two or three weeks earlier? And what more can be read, and so familiar? Today, in the modern world, there is no more natural disasters. Today, all social disaster. An earthquake with a magnitude of 7.1, which was in January 2010. hit Haiti, taken a 230 000 human lives, and only a month later, several times stronger earthquake in Chile killed 700 people. Since the fire, compared to an earthquake, a much slower rate spreads and how it was an accident that is much easier to predict (especially during droughts), that is my statement about the true nature of modern disasters, for example fire is still evident potrvrđuje.
 In Russia in 2008. 200 386 fires occurred in them were killed 15 165 people. In the U.S. the same year recorded 1.451 million fire, which killed 3320 people. What these statistics tell us? First, that in Russia 99 percent of the fire remains unregistered and secondly, that in Russia for every one thousand fire killed ten times more people than in the United States. And that, that during the reign of Putin&#39;s social composition of the victims died in fires across Russia tied with those in Zimbabwe, opens for us a totally different subject on which would also worthwhile to discuss. Well, now ... this velvety putinovsko - Medvedovski authoritarianism does not touch me much, except when I see a foul, but described picture, but when I see that the Serbian government, which is not gifted with a good sense of orientation, sliding toward the Velvet, inefficient form in which it is more important than human life and where the responsibility only for some &quot;Pedro&quot;. It does not need to work even under the price that gives us a lifetime Putin gas, that we again pay NIS who had come for nothing, and that Šojgu in Niš dotera all fire-fighting planes and helicopters, which is otherwise terminated in Russia for love tajkuna.To the system not good.
 In Russia, let him cultivate the Russians, they are entitled to it. But in Serbia, here, as an ordinary citizen, I abhor these parallels and possibilities. And it is not unrealistic ..
 