Russian &#39;Silicon Valley&#39; is growing near Moscow. Investor Vekselberg has already said he expects that the Nobel Prize will arrive in Russia. Although it might not have the Californian climate, ocean views and so forth, the Russian &#39;Silicon Valley&#39; definitely will be a horse race for the achievements in information, the BBC reported. To accommodate the new, Russian Valley was chosen Skolkovo district, which will be located a great camp for scientists, and the same government will invest billions of dollars to help the development of information technology. Skolkovo or else the peaceful area of Moscow, which is located about 20 kilometers to the west. Wealthy Russians in this area have their own villas or cottages. Park will be built on land owned by the local Ministry of Agriculture, and will be located near the village Nemchinovo, which is less or else connected with roads. However Skolkovo will certainly have its attractions, such as the announced tax exemptions for selected companies.
 Park will be a greater part of a fully self-contained, water and electricity, the park will I provide. Russian billionaire Viktor Vekselberg, one of the fathers of the project is confident that the will of the Russian Silicon Valley, which will occur Scientists receive Nobel prizes. With the park being built and the business school, raised a large supermarket, and next to them a lower house and an apartment. Skeptical caution to the problem of corruption Konstantin Sonin, a professor of economics who teaches in Moscow, is delighted with the idea, but warns of possible problems .. - There is a danger that in the end everything goes the Russian way. Everything will be built will cause corruption and bribery - said. Yet hope remains that Skolkovo will be home to companies such as Kaspersky Lab. Kaspersky Lab was launched in 1990-of, but at that time did not help the government. One of the company&#39;s founder, Natalya Kaspersky, believes that technology park will help create a new generation of entrepreneurs.
 - We have a long tradition of business excellence and without a government is almost impossible to begin with neèim such - she said, adding that there are not many resources for investment in technology. The first inhabitants of the park coming 2014th Kaspersky believes that the park would be a good infrastructure, tax incentives and support could not interest businesses and points to similar projects in China have developed. Park, according to previous information, residents should first get already 2010th year. Kaspersky believes that the park with good infrastructure, tax incentives and support could not interest businesses and points to similar projects in China have developed. Park, according to previous information, residents should first get already 2010th year. Remember, Silicon Valley is located next to San Francisco to Southern California. Part of the Gulf areas of San Francisco. The term &#39;Silicon Valley&#39; was the result of a large number of high technology companies in the region, and comes from the chemical element silicon which is the basis for making chips.
 Today Silicon Valley is a territory with the highest concentration of important high-tech companies in the world, and some of the world&#39;s most famous companies are located right here. Comparative advantages of the valley are a large number of highly educated engineers, innovators and investors in new product development.
 