Monument to the children of Sarajevo, killed during the siege of 1992-95 years 02.09.2010. Zelimir Bojovic Serbian President Boris Tadic is the second president in this region who supported the initiative for the establishment of the Regional Commission for establishing the facts about the victims of the Balkan wars (RECOM). A few days ago that it was done and the President of Croatian Ivo Josipovic. Representatives of the Coalition for RECOM say that the work of the commission be included in all countries of the SFRY successor and hope to the end of next year it could start work. President Tadić in talks with representatives of the coalition RECOM said to be committed to the enlightenment of all crimes to justice for the victims have been satisfied. A similar message was sent to the president and announced Josipović personal involvement in creating a river. The meeting with Serbian and Croatian presidents attended by representatives of associations and organizations, members of the coalition river, Serbian, Croatian, BiH, Montenegro and Kosovo.
 According to the current year to the International Committee of the Red Cross, are still searching for a total of 14 790 people in the former Yugoslavia: Bosnia and Herzegovina as the lead 10 512 missing persons in Croatia, 2436, and 1842 persons in Kosovo. Vesna Terselic, director of the Zagreb Centre for coping with the past &quot;Documenta&quot;, says the RSE is the formation of the RECOM-a very important support for the two presidents, but also the support of Parliament, which believes that will happen for next year. &quot;It sends a very strong message to everyone, not just in these two countries, but throughout the region that is exceedingly important to establish the facts about all the victims and to all, and the first victim, have the right to truth, to justice and reparation&quot; says Terselic. &quot;We want to make a list of RECOM casualty every country disclosure of secret mass graves, and I believe that the regional character of the Commission have much to contribute to the discovery of mass graves,&quot; explains Natasha Kandic.
 List of human losses Natasha Kandic, director of the Humanitarian Law Fund, says the RSE to commission the work could begin as early in the second half of next year and will have very clear goals and tasks. &quot;We want to make a list of RECOM casualty every country disclosure of secret mass graves, and I believe that the regional character of the Commission have much to contribute to the discovery of mass graves. Sure that will come to the discovery of the remains of those who are secretly stored somewhere. However, do not we hope to get to the procedures for destruction of these bodies, so they will definitely stay up to 5,000 of the missing data without the whereabouts of their remains, or because they are burnt or because they no longer can find, &quot;said Kandic. As for the other countries in the region, representatives of the RECOM-and say they already have significant support in Montenegro because it is a debate on the future statute of the Commission held in the Assembly, where all parliamentary parties supported the initiative for its formation.
 Discussion of RECOM-in in the Montenegrin Assembly, representatives of NGO sector Tea Prelevic Gorjanc, and Daliborka Uljarević with Montenegrin Parliament Speaker Ranko Krivokapic. 30th June 2010, Photo: Savo Prelević. Apart from Serbian, Croatian, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Kosovo, the process of networking will be included in both Macedonia and Slovenia. Dženana Karup Druško, the BiH Association of Journalists, said the RSE will be representatives of the Coalition for RECOM with politicians in BiH to meet, but only after the October elections in that country. She pointed out that the seat should be RECOM in Sarajevo, where they would be hired and the largest number of staff: &quot;These are people who would collect all the information and who to talk with witnesses and victims, and one of which would take a statement. It will be a great job and I think this is the biggest project of civil society in the region after the war. The ultimate goal of the commission is to get to the facts about what is happening to information about the victims, killed, casualties and missing, and that RECOM was adopted throughout the region, behind it must be in the state, &quot;said Karup Druško.
 A petition signed by millions of citizens initiative for the formation of a RECOM-launched in 2006. year, and last spring formed the Coalition for the river, which consists of non-governmental organizations, victims&#39; associations and individuals who advocate the formation of the commission. As previously announced, the first June 2011. in this coalition governments in the region will deliver a petition with a million signatures of citizens from the former Yugoslavia, which supports the establishment of river. Authorities will then be handed over to the model of the future Commission, with the request that it be established at the regional level. In late November, will know how the Commission will have members, and for now there are two proposals, the first is that each country, the successor of the former Yugoslavia, given by three members, a long anticipated that all countries give three except for Bosnia that would give five members. Natasa Kandic said that without a clear insight into the balance of the crime on the territory of former Yugoslavia, none of the countries will not go too far from the place where is now located.
 &quot;This initiative must be to disrupt all of us, think of all citizens in the former Yugoslavia and to understand that there is no integration, no democratic future if the past can not be read well, and it is best read over the truth about the suffering of victims and the fulfillment of justice,&quot; Kandic says ..
 **** Perhaps you might be interested in the texts: Religious communities in Serbia supported the formation of a RECOM-Uljarević: RECOM for establishing trust in the region published by Haler at 19:16, 0 komentar (a), print, #
 