15/11/2010 It is expected to be one of the hottest issues at this week&#39;s NATO summit in Lisbon will be whether to support the Turkish defense system intended to protect members from potential missile attacks from countries such as Iran. (Various sources - 11/10/10 - 09/11/10) &quot;NATO should refrain from any decision by Turkey with a group of countries facing the threat and planning ... I do not want around us to create a Cold War area, or such an atmosphere,&quot; said Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu three weeks before the summit. [Reuters] The leaders of NATO member countries and will meet in Lisbon for a two-day summit that begins On Friday, 19 November, to adopt a new long-term strategy of the Alliance and the reforms aimed at increasing efficiency. Topics of discussion will include the joint missile defense plan, the future of the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan, as well as relations with Russia.
 New Strategic Concept, which will replace the one adopted in 1999th, defines roles and responsibilities of the Union in dealing with military and other contemporary threats to stability and security, such as terrorism, cyber-warfare, missile attacks and piracy. &quot;We are investing in new opportunities, such as missile defense and cyber-attacks,&quot; said NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen about two weeks before the summit. &quot;Improve our partnership and promote more efficient use of resources, including those within our own structures of NATO. In short, NATO is prepared to be able to perform its tasks in the 21st century.&quot; He believes that the Alliance, taking into account the possibility of reducing the allocation for defense in a series of key member states should take steps to reform its command structures and agencies, and Allies should more closely together to purchase and use equipment that you as an individual member does not can afford.
 &quot;Alliance is now profitable. Common have more security than we&#39;re able to afford individually. However, we must become even better,&quot; he said last month Rasmussen. &quot;NATO must become more efficient and achieve a better ratio for money.&quot; One of the most problematic issues on the agenda in Lisbon will be a plan to develop missile defenses that would protect all members of the Alliance of potential threats. Exposing its draft proposal for the strategic concept, Rasmussen said in a speech in early October said that there is a &quot;real threat&quot; that the country is a NATO member becomes the target of rocket attacks. &quot;NATO must become more efficient and achieve a better ratio for money,&quot; said NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen. [Reuters] &quot;We have more than 30 countries in the procurement of ballistic missile technology. Some have been able to take aim at Europe,&quot; said the former Danish prime minister during the events upriličenog in Brussels under the auspices of the U.S. German Marshall Foundation.
 &quot;Please note that we are talking about the present. This problem will eventually become even bigger.&quot; NATO has already developed a system that guarantees the protection of Union forces, and now wants it extended to cover the territory of all member countries - a total area inhabited by more than 900 million people. &quot;There&#39;s technology, tested and ready for use, which can provide a defense against missile attack,&quot; said Rasmussen 8th October in Brussels. &quot;Can you afford it, price extension of the current system of protection for our troops to provide protection for all citizens would have amounted to less than 200 million euros from the common budget of NATO in a period of ten years, divided among the members of NATO. This is a very good price extremely powerful for the defense. &quot; Previously, the U.S. proposal for a missile shield envisioned setting up ten o&#39;clock missile interceptors in Poland and a radar system in the Czech Republic until 2012.
 However, the system would not cover some NATO members - Bulgaria, Greece, Romania and Turkey. Russia has strongly opposed the plan, considering it a threat to its military defense system, and the plan became a contentious subject in relations between Moscow and Washington. Considering cooperation with Russia crucial to U.S. security, and security at the global level, the government of President Barack Obama is ultimately accepted a reduction of scale of the plan. Decision to accept a new proposal for the country&#39;s missile shield, NATO members must approve all members. Turkey has made it clear he would not block the adoption of such decisions in Lisbon, but sets out certain requirements to support the plan, although it is not yet clear whether an active part in the proposed system. Ankara has in recent years, consistently working to improve its relations with neighboring countries and has clearly expressed its opposition to the presentation of the shield as a defense against attack from a certain country.
 &quot;I do not think that there is a threat from the area adjacent to our borders, including Iran, Russia, Syria and other neighboring countries,&quot; said Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. &quot;NATO should refrain from any decision by Turkey with a group of countries facing the threat and planning ... I do not want around us to create a Cold War climate of the area or something.&quot; Turkey is a NATO member since 1952. in May has helped in achieving the controversial agreement on nuclear trade with Iran. The next month, along with Brazil has become one of the two countries in the UN Security Council voted against the fourth round of sanctions against the Islamic republic for its nuclear program. Anti-missile protection plan should be first on the agenda of the NATO summit. [Reuters] These are moves in the West have resulted in concern that Turkey&#39;s ruling Justice and Development Party, which has roots in political Islam, the country is approaching the East.
 However, in September, the Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu insisted he was not in the course of this realignment, confirming that EU membership remains a top priority for his country. &quot;Our process of EU integration is a fundamental strategic goal of Turkey. No one can blame Turkey for slowing down the process,&quot; he told the Financial Times. President Abdullah Gul and Prime Minister Recep Tayip Erdogan stressed his country&#39;s unique role as a link between East and West. &quot;Look, this is the European part of Istanbul, on the other hand, the Asian part, and the bridge is located on the middle,&quot; said Gul told reporters in June. Progress in Afghanistan and the success of local forces led by NATO will be the subject of conversation during the second day of the summit. The talks will be attended by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, EU Council President Herman Van Rompuy, European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and World Bank President Robert Zoellick.
 Similar articles Loading Declaration on the Alliance Web site is set on the eve of the summit suggested how Lisbon will probably be announced &quot;the beginning of transition towards the security forces under the command of Afghanistan in early 2011.&quot;. After a meeting on Afghanistan will be a meeting of the NATO-Russia Council (NRC), which will take part, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. It is expected to be given the most attention possible cooperation of Russia in the planned missile defense system, the Alliance, as well as the cooperation of NATO and Russia in order to stabilize Afghanistan, which includes issues such as transit, training to combat drug and supply the Afghan army helicopters. &quot;It is time for a new beginning in relations between NATO and Russia,&quot; Rasmussen said after consultations with Medvedev and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, third November in Moscow. &quot;The Lisbon summit of the NATO-Russia is a place for a new beginning.
 I am confident that the summit will achieve results that will benefit each of the 29 member states and the NRC, the results related to Afghanistan, the fight against terrorism and the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and I hope and related missile defense, &quot;he said. This content the SETimes.com. Loading Loading Voting Your email has been sent.
 