Pavle Kalinic distinctive personality of the Croatian public and political life. The writer and military analyst, currently holding office Bandic &quot;minister for emergency situations&quot; and, as far as I could gather from our conversation, rather enjoys that position. And these days have a lot of work. Zagreb region encompassed the first big flood, and then two workers were mysteriously poisoned by some unknown gas. During the negotiation talks Kalinic was pretty unconventional. He knew how to use difficult words, even the occasional juicy words. Betrayed the man who was almost angry at all, and particularly the media and journalists. During the official talks really worked and it seems to me, I managed to tame his wild temperament. Do you have any new information on who threw the waste from which two workers died in Zagreb? - Office management in emergency situations is not there to investigate who, why and how something is done.
 To investigate who did it charge the police and the Ministry of Environmental Protection, headed by Marina Matulovic. Is it the mafia? Some media have reported that you accused the Mafia. - Unfortunately, there is often noise in the communication, and journalists sometimes write something you have not heard. Or they have heard but misunderstood. However, a major problem for Croatia is no incinerator in Zagreb or in other parts of the Croatian and storage of hazardous waste has been resolved satisfactorily. Previously this waste was exported to Austria and legally there cared. However, some felt that the cheaper option when it&#39;s buried somewhere, though it is much more expensive long term because it will one day have to handle. This is a problem that many people neglect in their blindness to the current profit. Who is responsible for such chaos? That the ministry, that ministry? - All governments of the nineties onwards. And one socialist before the nineties have given their contribution to illegal waste disposal.
 No ministries are responsible for what they are obligated by law. So fatal industrial waste, Minister Matulovic Dropulic not done his job well? - That you have said. I&#39;ve just wanted to say that the waste disposal charge her ministry. I believe that Marina Dropulic, given the environment that is, trying to swim in the best possible way. How many illegal disposal of hazardous waste? Tens, hundreds of ...? - It&#39;s hard to tell because you can not know any of Zagreb. In many cities, has not been resolved ordinary garbage dumps. They simply throw away trash, throw away ... How long will drop, that is the question. What are the poison gas workers? - I can not exactly say. On the basis of anonymous reports, and they have yet to check, barrels buried there before ten to twelve years. Is this some conventional poisons or something not common? - Probably it comes to industrial wastes.
 About which the industry could be a word? - The barrel could be transported anywhere. How&#39;s it going investigation into the deaths of workers who were poisoned unknown poison? You&#39;ll have to ask the police. Reportedly did not take the right samples? - I can not comment articles in the media. I have too much experience and I know that is usually done on half-truths, not to say, misinformation. Therefore, it is unlikely that the investigation done something wrong? - Everything is possible. Croatia is in a long time ago a lot of problems with flooding. To assess the reaction of the competent services? - Regarding the City of Zagreb, we are protected thanks to the mounds, which are sagrađenmi after floods 1964th year, the channel odteretnim Odra. Plan pontoon bridges to the overlapping powers of your office emergency with civilian protection? - Civil defense should be subjected to this Office. Civil protection in itself is not functioning satisfactorily.
 I&#39;d like to point out that the biggest earthquake threat to Zagreb. When the earthquake took place in Zagreb 6.3 on the Richter scale, which is the maximum impact, then, the estimates were 3000 dead and 15,000 wounded. When you have 15 000 people were wounded, you must have 30,000 people who will carry the wounded. We did also plan for 41 Residential and directions of pull, and agreed to cooperate with the private security services. Negotiate with the military establishment of pontoon bridges across the Sava if the bridges collapse. We are preparing a new leaflet that will come in 311 000 kaslića so people can know how to help themselves until they came to help. Enough controversy sparked your proposal to acquire oklopnjak resistant to radiation? - Each office and each city the size of Zagreb should have a mobile communication tool. If it means an ordinary car, it would be smrvio when a tree fell on him, ten bricks or concrete slab ...
 How old are you comfortable with this job that they are now? I gained the impression that you enjoy it. - It&#39;s not about enjoyment. Every job I do out of conviction, not just the salary. I have no intention at this point waiting for retirement. You wrote the book on terrorism. How much security is threatened Croatia with regard to the position of countries in the world? - Croatia is a security risk as far as Croatia is involved in international conflicts, as is the case with our engagement in Afghanistan. We have a problem with the Arab-Afghan fighters who remained in Bosnia and Herzegovina. I hope that our intelligence agencies have a list of all of these fighters. If not, then this is a big omission. I hope that other serious intelligence, I think the American and British, have done the job. You are quite critical of Israeli policy, but on the other hand you have a lot of friends in Israel. What do you say to the Israeli friends? - My friends understand my position.
 I believe that Israel misses its policy toward the West Coast because of the more than 40 years held under occupation. And did not solve anything. I believe that Israel must exist, but that Israel would survive long term, as soon as possible to access the building of a Palestinian state. Now the situation is further complicated because the Islamic countries had launched the mass production of nuclear weapons. The leading political forces in Israel are not keen on creating a Palestinian state? - Jews survived the Holocaust. They blow in the cold. They are very well-organized. They have a great army and intelligence service even better. They are all as one. They did not like me. Now with them a perception that will have to allow the creation of a Palestinian state, if they want Israel to survive. Is it possible to compromise on Jerusalem? - It&#39;s not just the problem of Jerusalem. There are a lot of problems. What are your political position? Are you a leftist? - In a political sense, I am primarily Pavle Kalinic.
 I have never belonged to any break, and I do not intend to join in any party. But lean left? Yes. But I was never a member of any right-wing organizations, not even the SDP. SDP is right for you, and you have a very close associate Bandic, who was &quot;a big left-winger&quot;? - Mayor Milan is a leftist when the current leadership of SDP or any of the HDZ. The current leadership of the SDP and the HDZ came from and after the death of Franjo Tudjman. Mayor Milan is larger than leftist SDP? - Everything is made in Zagreb, and made a lot, made it like a man, and only then by their political orientation. You said that Israel has a great army, police and intelligence community. What is the situation in Croatia? - Our army is reduced. I believe that Croatia has to have an army that we were able to defend themselves. We must not repeat the situation that occurred during the breakup of the Austro-Hungarian Empire and the first and second Yugoslavia, when we did not have anyone to defend.
 As for the police, she and 91 proved most effective. I think that the police must do more to educate their people. This is a problem that gave out. As for the intelligence services? - I think that we are the worst. Our services are quite shaken. Intelligence agencies should agree from the outset, from the educated people, and prevent the influence of any foreign intelligence service. Croatian intelligence service must serve the interests of Croatian. Are you saying that our intelligence services under the excessive influence of the foreign service? - Exactly. Which are the services? European ...? - It does not matter whose. In Israel, we know: The Mossad is responsible to the government of Israel. Croatian intelligence services are not Croatian? - They are Croatian, but in my taste is not enough. Now I will turn out to be narrow-minded nationalist. (Laughs) You are one of the biggest critics of the Croatian media. They criticized the most? - False information.
 The media should therefore be to provide accurate information. If I am guilty of something, let it write. It bothers me when I write disinformation. There are two reasons for this. One is that the journalist is ignorant, which is yet to forgive. But it is inexcusable that the media is trying reketariti.
 