Explosion, fire and killed 11 workers on an oil rig Deepwater Horizon in the Gulf of Mexico, which took place 20th April 2010., marked the beginning of one of the biggest ecological disasters directly caused by human unreasonable assaults on the environment which forms the basis of our survival. The rationale of those who warned that the risks of such drilling far outweigh the potential benefits, they are usually removed unsubstantiated technological optimism and the statements of experts, which is of course &quot;best&quot; understood in this job because it paid for by the already established practice, when it comes to the interests of large companies, environmental protection, human health, and even our own survival is not strong enough arguments to realistically perceive the risks of application of various technologies and to listen to those arguments, warns about the possibility of large-scale disasters. A short time before the disaster, the Obama Administration has approved that the 500 000 square miles of coastal waters, where before it was forbidden, can conduct exploratory drilling in order to search for potential oil reserves.
 The rationale of those who warned that the risks of such drilling far outweigh the potential benefits, they are usually removed unsubstantiated technological optimism and the statements of experts, which is of course &quot;best&quot; understanding of the job because they paid for it. Common statements are stated: the possibility of uncontrolled spillage of oil into the sea from these wells, although they are at great depths, it is not possible because the probability of scheduling devices that are used for the prevention of such events is almost non-existent. After a series of failures motivated saving movca by the company, the platform exploded, tube wells to be interrupted and the device should be closed well in such cases (blowout preventer-BOP) has not closed the hole even though they all swore that before the probability of such an event almost There is, for example, Vice President of BP&#39;s subsidiaries in the United States, David Rainey, who is in charge of research in the Gulf of Mexico, said in September last year before the Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources (Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee) that new technologies enable secure and reliable oil and gas production and that the spill is unacceptable and rare.
 Of course, the theoretical calculations and models of experts who are made under the influence of money and usually only because the teams need for public relations, in practice very soon prove to be error, and it was so in this case. After a series of failures motivated saving movca by the company, the platform exploded, tube wells to be interrupted and the device should be closed well in such cases (blowout preventer-BOP) has not closed the hole even though they all swore that before the probability of such an event almost there. After the occurrence of an event for which it was claimed that it is almost impossible, from the well at a depth of 1500 meters below the sea surface began under great pressure leak huge amounts of oil. The hardest part of the composition of oil fractions are now deposited at the bottom, they help distribute ocean currents beneath the surface of the sea or collected on the surface, a significant portion also evaporates into the air.
 &quot;Rehabilitation of water damage,&quot; the company BP, which is responsible for the hole, he immediately threw away all the powers to cure the damage, but primarily those of the company, then only those for the environment. By BP, consistently the whole time trying to reduce the risk of events and deceiving the public by providing false information on the amount of oil that flows from the well, and their main boss, Tony Hayward, famous for statements like the one that the quantity of spilled oil is small compared to the great ocean. In the beginning, BP admitted that from the well is running out about a thousand barrels of oil per day (= 1barel 159litara) to 29th April presented a public figure of five thousand barrels per day. Subsequently, 27 May, a team of experts who formed the U.S. government gives its estimates, which were in the range of 12-19000 barrels per day, with the possibility that the amount may reach even 25 000 barrels per day. These estimates relate to the period to 3 June, when BP was done cutting the pipe at the exit from the well, in order to establish the dome for collecting leakage of oil, which can only further increase the leakage.
 In its efforts to conceal the amount of oil that has expired, BP is on the surface and below the sea surface dispersed large amounts of chemicals to remove oil and applied chemicals Corexit 9500 and Corexit EC9527A, due to its toxicity may have a greater long-term consequences for the environment than the Oil Latest estimates indicate that it now expires on a day between 20-40000 barrels of oil, and preliminary data scientists from Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution showed that one could do about leaks, even fifty thousand barrels per day. Reasons desperate bid BP to reduce the quantities of oil that flows out of the wells may be required in the regulations in force in the United States. According to these regulations (Oil Pollution Act), the penalty for an uncontrolled leakage of a barrel of oil into the environment can be up to $ 4,300. In its efforts to conceal the amount of oil that has expired, BP is on the surface and below the sea surface dispersed large amounts of chemicals to remove oil and applied chemicals Corexit 9500 and Corexit EC9527A, due to its toxicity may have a greater long-term consequences for the environment than the oil.
 Toxicity and bad effects of these and similar chemicals on wildlife in the sea can be seen for years, and their concerns on this issue expressed in 2005. and the National Academy of Sciences (National Academy of Sciences). On the harmful effects of applied chemicals and BP has been warned by the Environmental Protection Agency (Environmental Protection Agency) and they suggested that they begin to use the existing, less harmful chemicals for this purpose. BP turned a deaf ear to these requests and suggestions, although large amounts of some less toxic agents such as Sea-Brother 4, stored near Houston, which is not far away for delivery to the stricken area. The reasons for such a reaction BP may be found in what the company Nalco, which produces Corexit Corexit EC9527A 9500 and in very close ties to the oil industry. To reduce the visibility of incurred losses the company has also restricted access to the media on vulnerable beaches, under the pretext of security and potential interference clean up, and people employed in jobs cleaning had to sign contracts in which it was inserted a clause by which may not speak to the media.
 Stopping leaks This type of damage for the first time it happened at such great depth and very quickly became clear that there are no ready procedures and technologies that can successfully be applied in such situations. Previous attempts to close wells, codenamed MC252, which took place under different names like, top-hat, junk shots or top-kill, not yielded any results, it would be only third June went well above the dome to mount the purpose of collecting oil and gas out of it expire. The good news is that in this way is currently collects about 15 000 barrels of oil per day, although it is not clear what percentage of oil that flows from the well. Method of drilling relief wells, which has good looks to stop the leak began on 2 May creating the first such wells, and the considerable likelihood that such wells do not hit the first where this is necessary, 16
 May began with the drilling of such wells in the other to maximize the likelihood of successful completion of the leak. The problem of this method is that it is estimated that it will take at least three months of drilling and completion. In the meantime, there were a variety of proposals to stop the leak, and suggested the use of underground nuclear explosions. Proponents of this method argue that the data during the Cold War the Soviet Union used it five times in similar situations, and only one had no success in stopping the leak, but the possible consequences of this method is not mentioned. Ecology and economy of this ecological disaster whose proportions are not yet final, and predictable, because oil is still running out, not only endangered the environment and many animal and plant species, but the economy itself, which is proverbial for its shortsightedness in dealing exactly caused her appearance. Fishing, shellfish farming and tourism in areas affected by oil slicks will suffer in the coming years, large losses.
 Due to the difficult foreseeable costs that BP will have to pay for remediation of damage, the value of its shares has now fallen to 46 percent, a large portion of those shares have pension funds in the UK you can very adversely affect its overall economy. This type of damage for the first time occurred in such great depth and very quickly became clear that there are no ready procedures and technologies that can successfully be applied in such situations is anticipated that only clean oil costs could exceed $ 37 billion. Working power plants that use cooling water from the Bay area who are or may be affected only an oil slick may be compromised due to problems associated with the operation of refrigeration systems. This can be called into question the security of electricity supply for millions of people and industries of the area, prompting re-examination of American energy policy is influenced by various lobbies and still relies on non-renewable energy sources (coal, oil, gas, nuclear), instead of having to initiate more intensive programs of energy saving, energy efficiency and rapid increase in the share of renewable energy sources.
 In this story it is perhaps the only good result of this disaster. Uncertainty estimates for all types of damage incurred by this oil spill that is still going on unabated in addition it may be difficult entry into the hurricane season that the area officially runs from 1 June to 30 November, and NOAA (National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration) provides 85 percent probability that the 2010th year will be above average in number and strength of hurricanes. BP or BP because of the situation of political relations between the U.S. and Great Britain are quite shaken by the last day. Americans in the general climate of shifting responsibility for the damage becoming madder at BP and Britain, but they forget that BP spent only energy policy has stipulated that the U.S. government. On the other hand, the British are even angry when the media use the old name of British Petroleum Company, because prior to this ecological disaster in an effort running the company as environmentally responsible, spent hundreds of millions of dollars to change their perception in the public and for that purpose and change the name of a company now bears the name Beyond Petroleum.
 Although the new name they want to suggest to take care of times when the oil run low, the truth is that in recent years, reducing their investments in renewable energy and a week before the explosion on the platform of the Deepwater Horizon even close its solar power plant in Maryland that represented one of few of their investments in renewable energy on U.S. soil. Americans in the general climate of shifting responsibility for the damage becoming madder at BP and Britain, but they forget that BP spent only energy policy has stipulated that the U.S. government from the latest environmental catastrophe global civilization should draw some lessons and seriously start working on replacing non-renewable energy sources renewable, because if we do not do these disasters will become more frequent due to growing and taking larger risks in the exploitation and use of nonrenewable energy.
 Of course, the chance to draw some lessons are small, because the teams in charge of public relations working for big companies and various government will invest much effort and money to all soon again become blurred, and fell into obscurity until a new environmental disaster if we again surprised everyone already known facts and causes. Greenpeace photo gallery-Flicr article was published with support of Heinrich Boll Stiftung - Croatia. The opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect the views of the Heinrich Böll Stiftung.
 