Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The medical staff had to resuscitate žrtveZa Unlike previous festivals, which are spread throughout the heart of Berlin, Dortmund and Essen, this year the Loveparade in Duisburg held on the territory of the former marshalling yard. The accident, said witnesses gave discern right from the start (the festival began in the early morning hours). Very soon they created a big crowd in which people collapsed and left without air. The situation has escalated about 17 hours when it hundreds of meters long tunnel before the station, including a mass panic. He created a stampede of people in which victims are heavily trampled, suffocated, witnesses say that a series of narrow stairs fell at the end of the tunnel running from the masses. The tragic balance of at least 19 dead and 342 injured, some of them had to be reanimated. Bildunterschrift: Tunnel smti in Duisburg &quot;We had come to air&quot; &quot;We were in the midst of the masses.
 More and more people tried to push through to the entrance. We managed to go through the tunnel and we were short in front of the fenced festival area, but then could not continue. Some have tried to fence in various ways &#39;fall in.&#39; &quot;said one 21-year-old rejver agency dpa. He is with his girlfriend, realizing that it will not be able to enter, went back through the tunnel.&quot; We had come to air and sea We have to elbow her way through the mass. When we left, we told the police that will soon break out in the tunnel mass panic, &quot;says Fabio about your experiences about 45 minutes before the tragedy occurred. Bildunterschrift: Eyewitnesses said that some injured in the death of these steps is pali Music continued to play The festival was not immediately after the accident interrupted for security reasons - to avoid even greater panic broke out - but the crowd of young slowly spread news about the accident. Soon the ancient music began to mix with the sirens and the sound of helicopter engines and rescue units.
 Those who have heard what happened, they were in shock, many have sat down next to the fence and began to cry without realizing how it could happen. She began to intervene and the police and, according to the accounts of eyewitnesses, not quite gently. Participants were mostly party tried to notify his family by phone that they are well, which resulted in that the mobile phone network entirely skrahirala. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: German President Dr. Motte Christian Wulff has expressed shock and sorrow at the tragedy that took place in Duisburg. &quot;Such a tragedy to a peaceful manifestation of young people from many countries, which brings death, suffering and pain is terrible,&quot; he said and stressed that he sympathizes with the families and friends of victims. Dr. Motte: &quot;Wrong organizers&quot; Loveparadea founder, Dr. Motte accused the organizers that they blame for the tragedy in Duisburg. &quot;They made a cardinal error.
 How can so many masses of people play through only one entrance? It is a scandal, &quot;says the techno-guru who has organized the first Love Parade in Berlin 1989th from the organizing team pulled itself 2006th because he felt that the techno-festival turned into a permanent advertising program.&quot; City in chaos Bildunterschrift: Everybody wants out Police have already launched an investigation and announced that he will continue playing music until we all leave the festival area. They are open all the emergency exits to avoid becoming new gužbe. The main station in Duisburg was blocked because it was overcrowded participants techno-festival who wish to return home, and the whole area around the station was flooded with people. Loveparadea organizers during the afternoon announced that the festival there was one million and 400 000 people - obviously too much for the venue of this year&#39;s techno-cult festival. Agency / dd
 