Such a claim substantiated by the fact that the Municipal Council Chair in this way realized in March 2010. decision to build monuments of Croatian soldiers in the immediate čaršijskoj core, and in the immediate vicinity of national monuments - mosque with the market-place. &quot;Construction of the monument just to members of units that were looted and burned to the ground is literally a city chair, killing, torturing and humiliating without layout of Bosniaks, a blatant example of glorifying crime and its representation as a praise worthy initiatives that are clearly, logically fašisoidnih Stolac manager should look to the future generations, &quot;said in their statement. Location of building is considered Youth Forum, also selected for targeted degradation of the majority Bosniak population that inhabits the narrow city center, as well as all other citizens who believe in human right to dignity.
 &quot;The architectural layout of the complex, together with the mosque as its central symbol, was razed to the ground, and the evidence of the existence of the same have been removed during the summer of 1993.. These and other crimes against Stolac and its citizens are detailed in the indictment of the Tribunal war crimes tribunal in The Hague against Jadranko Prlic and other &quot;write in this forum. Cantonal Council and the Party for Bosnia and Herzegovina Mostar convicted unveiling of the monument to the killed members of the HVO, stressing that they have nothing against raising the monument to killed soldiers, but it must be done to legally and in an appropriate place. In this party further stated that despite the fact that the monument was erected next to the mosque, the amazing fact is that Mayor Stephen Stolac Bošković during the ceremony unveiling of the monument said to him in this intention was not able to stop any Federal inspection, which means that it bans state inspection in which she lives does not mean anything.
 From the Party for BiH and emphasized that the monument to members of the HVO is not in accordance with the regulatory plan of the Municipality Chair. Youth Forum, is also considered scandalous, and that, as in the whole event attended by uniformed members of the regular units of the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Namely, BiH soldiers at the monument to fallen members of the HVO in Stolac are lined with the hymn of Croatian intonation. The scandal is even greater if we take into consideration that does not intoned anthem of Bosnia and Herzegovina and that they distanced themselves from this act all who should be responsible. Therefore, members of the Youth Forum to require the immediate detection and punishment of dismissal of persons who ordered the participation of uniformed members of the legal unit AFBiH to rally under, as they pointed out, dozens of prohibited para-state, secessionist, criminal elements - the so-called flag. Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna.
 