The terrorist attack of 11th September, which killed over 3000 people, no Afghan or Pakistani was involved. All 19 (alleged) artist attacks were Arabs, mostly from Saudi Arabia. But despite this, anger U.S. is flowing to Afghanistan for a bizarre reason, and that is the main planner of the attacks, Osama bin Laden, stationed in Afghanistan. Mullah Omar sought evidence for its involvement in the attacks, that on the evidence could not give his guest, but you never provided evidence. Terrorism has become something that everyone is talking about a superpower and a strong hit in a weakened military and economically impoverished Afghanistan with utmost force and decimated it. The whole world, including the UN, supported this lešinarsku invasion and occupation, with the hope that this will help in eliminating global terrorism. And in Iraq has prepared a story about weapons of mass destruction and ties to Al-Qaeda.
 Both of these charges showed up later as fabrications. Saddam and UN inspectors, to the last day they said that no weapons of mass destruction, but they were ignored by Bush and Blair, as they ignored the protests around the world, and went into another invasion without UNSC blessing (UN Security Council-a). Once you have destroyed two countries, the United States are now headed to destroy one of its closest allies - Pakistan, which has played a key role in ousting the Taliban and bringing Karzai to power. Without Pakistan&#39;s help, it would be impossible for U.S. and NATO forces in Afghanistan to stay this long. In the case of Afghanistan and Iraq, and Mullah Omar and Saddam Hussein refused to withdraw the U.S. repeated threats followed by the mobilization of troops. Rather than obey American orders, they chose to fight against the aggressor, knowing full well that they are non-nuclear states and their conventional means can not compete with potential military superpower, which is supported by all the developed countries.
 In our case, we have nuclear weapons and adequate conventional means to defend their country. However, our commander in chief who never tired of praising his courage, he turned into a cat when he got a phone call from Washington. He was in a hurry threw his towel into the ring (handed fighting), and allow U.S. spy agencies and their military forces of a number of concessions and benefits that would facilitate U.S. long-term exercise their imaginations. He defended his cowardly act &quot;zavaljivanja&quot; friendly Taliban and friendship towards the U.S., saying that he did not do so - Pakistan would also be destroyed. He promised his mentors in the United States would not only liberate Pakistan from the scourge of &quot;religious extremism&quot;, but that will sekularizirati society through its enlightenment program. He agreed to blindly follow U.S. orders and develop a close friendship with India, closing the chapter with Kashmir and many other painful issues.
 In other words, he agreed to gradually weaken Pakistan weakening the concept of Jihad and the warrior spirit from the consciousness of the people of Pakistan, following the secularist path of his idol, Kemal Ataturk and accepting Indian hegemony. Fortunately for Pakistan, he had to leave his position because of the ruthless treatment of lawyers who have rebelled, and because of the unforeseen results of the elections, but did not withdraw until he allowed the CIA and RAW-in to make a number of cells in the Pakistani tribal areas Balučistanu and FATA, and weakening the administrative and political structures, destroying the judiciary, and inflicting death blow to accountability and the Kashmir issue. Officially accepting charges of cross border terrorism, religious extremism, nuclear proliferation, he has encouraged our detractors who are corrupt launched a propaganda campaign to the more blackened Pakistan. While Karzai has been constantly talking about cross-border terrorism, western media have published a defamatory story about our nuclear program and Pakistan army to destroy her reputation.
 The allegations against Pakistan are never denied due to mitigation policies. Once you have received evidence about the participation of military and spy agencies of other states in our territory (mostly American and Indian), the problematic points, our leaders had the courage to be appointed. And despite the traditional Indian political tradition that for every act quickly terorostički accuses ISI (Pakistan&#39;s secret service). Musharraf has allowed U.S. influence to penetrate into every department in the government and there was a situation that no decision could be made without U.S. involvement and blessing. U.S. spy drones, equipped with cameras, have been given permission to operate within our territory and to gather intelligence. Finally, after he left himself with no possibility of making any decision (without U.S. blessing) and ucjenjivajući new leadership with division of power, Musharraf had to go, but was replaced with a more loyal to Zardari, who is ready to approve all of the American requirements.
 This change became necessary because Musharraf refused to weaken ISI, surrender Imran Khan, smooth operation of U.S. troops in the FATA and the abandonment of the Pakistan-Iranian agreement on the pipeline. Zardari has been appointed to remove the remaining barriers and open up those areas in which American influence was not fully present. Great attack is followed by the ISI, with the intention to weaken. In order to carry out offensive air and ground attacks inside Pakistan ulijetanja, claimed that the Pakistani army and the ISI associated with the Taliban, and that therefore the U.S. can no longer afford to share intelligence with ISI before the attacks on suspected targets. The main reason behind the attack drone that will fire pro-government elements and to harm peace negotiations and agreements between the militants and the army. Intelligence and spy agencies have supported the militancy, to create fear and anarchy, and so make Pakistan a land that is not to govern.
 They also carried out hope that it will hit some targets Al-Qaeda and give impetus to the Republicans at the next election. False risk of cross-border terrorism was senzacionalizirana and preuveličavana across every border, claiming that if the Taliban refuge in the tribal areas do not destroy, the situation in Afghanistan is not normalized. Pakistan has been declared the greatest threat to global security, nuclear weapons, which can take aim at Israel and Western nations. This wild accusation was presented, although they knew very well that Pakistan&#39;s missiles can not reach these targets. Bush and other leaders have categorically asserted that any attack on U.S. territory come from Al-Qaeda, which is well dug in the mountains of the tribal areas. Pakistan has declared a war zone and the Pentagon approved the attacks, which is considered feasible. After we heard the statements of presidential candidates, is crystal clear to both Pakistan considered the greatest threat to their &quot;homeland security.&quot; Obama, like McCain, believes that the threat must be neutralized as quickly as possible, with or without the support of Pakistan.
 The ultimate U.S. goal is to Pakistan to seize its nuclear weapons. Shaft U.S. - Israel - India is determined to leave Pakistan without nuclear weapons, without having to run against him a war. They constantly work on our leadership hesitant to hand over our nuclear weapons and technology voluntarily. For this purpose, deliberately destabilize Pakistan, against him to lead a media campaign full of misinformation, as part of a plan to create fear and a feeling of being lost among Pakistanis, and to create pictures in the world that Pakistan is a threat to world security. Pressures of various kinds were carried out on our leaders to convince them that they are not in a position to govern Pakistan nor capable to prevent Pakistan becoming a failed state, nor that they can maintain and protect its nuclear weapons. They warned that a nuclear bomb, before it is stolen by extremists, had to be carried away from Pakistan, or put away in a safe place that kept American soldiers, or that the UN should take control.
 Instead of helping Pakistan to control militancy, the U.S. attacks and their actions constantly pouring oil on fire. &quot;Axis of Evil&quot;, which is stationed in Kabul, is determined to create anarchic conditions in Pakistan, to thus achieve their goals. Asif Raja Harun, &quot;Asian Tribune&quot; Add to this article in your favorite online community Read comments [0 replies] There are no comments Comment Loginuj to answer
 