I&#39;ll never forget the frenzy when the prior one and thirty years in my Bijelo Polje showing Indian film Bida (which is translated as Farewell). The film took over three hours, so they only went to two screenings a day, but because the repertory cinema in Vuja and Elijah walked for ten days. A comfortable he could at least heft, because even for the most recent projection map of the regular price was not in sight (it was easier to obtain detergent Fax) and could be bought only with powerful brokers who have earned more than in films with Bruce Lee. During the warm-up for the climax of the film cinemas were echoed sighs caused by beauty, singing and playing the young couple in love. Already by mid-film began to emerge complications because, if memory serves me, his parents disapproved of marriage with the &quot;chosen of his heart&quot; because it is from a poor family. In the last third of the film, when they began preparations for a large wedding with another, the rich girl he chose Mladic parents did not know who cries more - whether you love a couple of paintings that are still secretly meeting or mothers, sisters, dajdžinice, aunt , grandmother and grandmother (yes, they were in the cinema, most of the first and only time in my life!).
 Oh, what tears! Hall echoed the blubber of women, yet there was no paper, so all cloth wipes were soaked with tears. Women are going out after dark circles projections swollen from crying and I remember that they are me and my gang from the lane roll with laughter, and they were bitterly we answered that we are &quot;nevaspitani. Elderly women waved from my film is additionally Ghana, but also proud to have done, because they were the beliefs that had no one to break, that the film is about - the Muslims. Same or even greater pasioniranost of women from my waved to show their films for decades, Indians. In recent years the Indian film industry which is wrongly identified with Pop, partly located in Mumbai, produces about 1,300 films, which is about 500 more per year than Hollywood productions. Production of films began to grow into a real and powerful industry in mid-sixties of last century, although the theme was predominantly religious-patriotic.
 But the real boom began with the sweet-sad love drama. The plot of most movies is placed over the well-established coordinates of two young, beautiful actors are pure love, but their eternal love to interfere with his or her family, illness or unfortunate event, and in recent years, increasingly by criminals or mafia. Exciting and seductive flow of the movie as a rule stayed unprovoked long dance choreography, actors and music that soon after the premiere of reaching million circulation copies sold. Indian society, despite the sumptuous beauty of many Indians and Indian, to Western standards in the public sphere, almost asexual. Started looking at my head and I can not remember that I saw during my stay any hugging or couple holding hands, to kiss it and say nothing. Probably because in Indian films, no sex, no naked beautiful actresses, actors came to speak.
 During screenings in various cinemas located in all districts of each city, and even slumovima, spectators applaud, talking, commenting on the scene, eat out, sing ... However, they are all calm as bugs in the hall can also be heard when the fly line come the scene that has become almost inevitable in almost all recent movies, which represents the culmination of erotic tension in the film: &quot;coincidentally&quot;, the beautiful heroine, dressed in white blouse, bra, somehow always finds the open, without an umbrella, at a time when it starts &quot;downpour&quot;. And mischievous rain soaked junakinjinu guys shirt that clings to the body, becomes transparent and - hop, what will? - Jump out of the nipple. In the Hall of no breathing. A few days before my time in India Danis told me about the Indian film production. Once he found himself in Mumbai with his friends, and celebrities in the West, directed by Mira Nair, the moment when she was on the set of her new film.
 Waiting to finish, took to read the script of the film to be filmed. In one place stood the &quot;sex&quot; in brackets &quot;nationally or internationally.&quot; Interested it is what it means at the first break from filming a colleague asked, surrounded by a dozen people who were hung on the set, for an explanation. The reactions of all who heard the question he realized that he was asked something that was not supposed to, and Mira replied that he would explain later. And later he explained: Eighty percent of Indian men have never in my life my wife does not see naked. Marital obligations are carried out simply by tilting the gorgeous sari and it is called a national sex. A &quot;international,&quot; this western, which is now massively practiced even in countries well-known action film beauty of the great vices Zivko Nikolic. As we talked enthusiastically about the beauty of Indian actress, Danis has offered to set up a meeting to me, that is, unfortunately, the only interview with former Miss World Rai Aishwaryaom, who became an actress and is now one of the most popular in his country.
 And, indeed, sent her a text and asked to receive his friend from Sarajevo who would like to make an interview. He gave me and her phone number, but it seems not. In fact, when I saw how it is popular in India - on virtually every corner of Mumbai are her photos from šoferšajbni rickshaw driver to billboards, and when I saw how beautiful she is, I decided not to iron and does not abuse her friendship with Danis (My sincere congratulations, Mr. Tanović!). Danis did not believe when he told me that in India and &quot;ordinary people&quot; know him and no man&#39;s land. But to the contrary I was sure in Jodhpur, the old town in the heart of Rajasthan state. Specifically, we walked to the huge bazar which sells fruit, spices, vegetables, clothing, footwear, handicrafts, souvenirs ... Shopping is an exciting, vendors are all very friendly and detachment are not aggressive and demanding as those in Turkey or Egypt.
 But here is the obligatory haggling, and I have this skill doctorate in Thailand. There I realized that was synonymous with bargain - outrage. I think the only way to vengeance as a buyer to the seller who shamelessly at every white man sees stupid westerners (which says to triple the price of items sold that he has gotten a discount of ten percent) that has to be bezobrazniji from the seller. Rude version of my shopping, then, looks like this: the seller says that, say, a beautiful, hand-made cover for a small cushion for a sofa costs 800 rupees, what I offer 120, the seller as to be offended, and explained that it was a first-class material that are making the necessary connections and tenth hours that I sell for 600 rupees, to the outrage I act and I start packing on as if we are hit for 400, I say that I would pay 150, and he then requested 300, then I go out of action, he thinks that I do not know the bluff and I&#39;ll be back after a few steps, when you see anyone with a job, shouting that we provide cover for 250 and I can not go back, just turn your head and say to that is my last offer of 200 rupees.
 And while the seller is packed cover, I console myself that for years her husband can not get rid of discomfort, embarrassment almost caused my shopping skills. She was always sorry for the traders who buy, while her glad when what she chooses to pay at half the price lower than what she is willing to pay (and, worst of all, whenever I pay to her escort when traded) and thereby be in the belief that great pass. Moral: outrage not only worthwhile BiH politicians. Anyway, in a large operation with an incredibly beautiful blankets for the double bed in jodhpurskom Bazaar is a shopping assistant and Ali. After we bought the quilt, which now really decorated our bedroom, we asked for an interesting Art Nouveau building, whose picture we found in Jodhpur travel guide. And he just went to lunch and kindly offered to take us to it. Along the way he showed us other interesting buildings and we are invited to lunch with us.
 First, the master telephoned asking for permission, and then we tried to propose a restaurant which certainly has some percentage of the account that it make every tourist who lead. We refused and insisted on one for which we received at the recommendation, asking for a restaurant with Indian food, but it&#39;s clean. We ordered food and start a conversation. But asked us where we are and betrayed a rare impression of a man who does not interfere with Bosnia Belgium, as it happened several times in conversation with Indian traders. He explained that means for the war in our country, because it is often seen on television programs in which they talked about the killing of Muslims. I asked him how it is going to live together in his country, where a minority of 150 million Muslims live with 800 million Hindus. He explained that it was not bad, but the terrorist attacks in Mumbai had little impact and zahladnili relationships even among friends.
 &quot;Four of my best friends are Hindus, and I work in a shop owned by Hindus. After the attacks in Mumbai, we talked and they have blamed Islam for terrorism. I told them that Islam is the best car, a Mercedes: if such a car challenges Unfortunately not blame the car but the driver. They understood what I wanted to say we did not switch over &quot;- but he told us. He is married, living with old parents, has four children, wife, of course, does not work, he earns about $ 200: typical feeder families whose members live as well as others among the 400 million Indians - with income of less than one dollar a day. He completed only four grades of elementary school, but his English, like many, even the poorest Indians, excellent. He explained that he had mastered the trade, and that once collected money and went to Delhi in the course of English. Tells us that his main goal is to educate their children, so why pay the local imam and a private teaching of religious education classes.
 I do not know how we got to the movies, but I told him that long ago in Yugoslavia was a very popular Bida. He was awfully glad he has watched the movie several times as a child. I do not know how we came up in conversation by Danis Tanovic, but our reputation in Ali&#39;s eyes grew instantly. It is not served, and while the waiter served a great chicken tikka mashala, with delight he said something to the Hindus, and I understood that only says &quot;Danis Tanovic&#39;s&quot; and &quot;No Man&#39;s Land&quot;. I asked him what he said and he replied that he was told that we Danis friends. Both he and the waiter saw no land, and they know that the film won an Oscar. Children, tragic picture of Indian society to travel to India, I was just conditions in which children live in Palestine directly injured by the heart. While the direct blame for the incredible suffering of Palestinian children from decades of criminal Israeli authorities, the cause of suffering nearly 300 million children is indescribable poverty in which the vast majority of people living in Indian society.
 The park in front of a bazaar in Delhi, a boy approached me. Beautiful and like all Indians that I have seen, young and old, has a snowy white, spaced teeth. With some sort of belt around his neck hangs a closed wooden box. Offering to clean my shoes. He says we have 12 years, as much as my son. It is very thin, is too serious for his age, his face dominated by black, coarse, but terribly sad eyes. My first discomfort turns into a sense of shame caused by some of my guilt. Then she did not know the cause, but as I type this and remember the scene discovered that he could be in the subconscious pang: my son a few hours earlier in Benetonovoj actions shirt bought and paid for it just as much Nedimov coeval, probably, never in my life will not be able to dedicate it. And then I started to shake and mild panic: how to give him a few hundred rupees and that it does not offend. I had an idea and, of course, wrong.
 I gave him money, he bent down to disassemble your inbox, and I told him that I did not need cleaning. It seems to me, the expression on his face, it went from me sadder than I approached. According to the international organizations, in India 55 million children aged between five and 14 years for all seven days a week for 12 hours in so-called sweatshops. Work for miserable wages, the catastrophic conditions in the workshops for the manufacture of textiles, carpets, silk, fireworks, bricks ... in agriculture. Over 10 million children have parents surrendered in debt slavery, after which they could not repay money borrowed Kamatari or simply renting children. It is estimated that children&#39;s production carries up to 20 percent of India&#39;s gross domestic product, so a cheap labor force used in their facilities and world-famous companies such as Nike, Swarovski ... Every year in India die from the disease over two million children, of whom 60 per cent in the first month of life.
 Annually about one million registered abduction of children, which are sold for &quot;domestic purposes&quot;, and about 270,000 of them forced into prostitution. In front of the Memorial Park in Delhi, many children are moving in small groups. Intercepting foreigners and beg money in a very solid English. While her husband a little further than I recorded Gate of India, eight year old girl approached me, accompanied by two younger sisters. Do not beg, but the palm is holding two coins of one euro. Shows them to me and asks how to rupees, I answer her. Satisfied with the course and asks: &quot;Can you change, I can not travel, do not have passport, do not have visas?&quot; Later, I quote a scene wife and she asks me if I was her replaced by euros. Ibret over my unexpected cruelty, and I defend Western arrogance in that little girl caught me while I was still angry at the seller&#39;s ice cream ten minutes earlier I did not want to return a tiny change, although the price stated in the freezer.
 I repent, but it is too late. I&#39;ve learned that anger is the man caught him when someone tries to make a fool can not be an excuse for insensitivity. Food from the nuclear terribly angry, and what is in my life I understand, it&#39;s food. I therefore entitled to conclude that the food in India a great and diverse, despite the fact that cows are protected by politicians in this country and what is steak, and pork, only found in the better hotels. And not only that: India is committed to the vegetarians are no longer seen as a slightly retarded people who due to illness, which caused me incomprehensible, even to deny grilovanih and boiled beef, pork and crisp and tartar and boiled and baked pleasures of earthly life. What I still can not get over is that I never tried huge amounts of different foods and drinks that are offered on street stalls. In all the guidebooks cruel writes that this is the tastiest food that is stored in India, but that the party at all costs be avoided, so that should not even try.
 However, watching the clouds of smoke, automobile exhaust, which bathed the hills uncovered food on the pavement, looking almost black water that sellers wash dishes on the spot where stored food, watching them, who knows when they washed clothes ... However, hundreds of Indians every day food on the street and there they are alive and well ... The problem is that even in the water from the Indian water supply are not only bacteria, but not deadly amoeba, but all foreigners unaccustomed cause terrible stomach problems, among which are several days of diarrhea is the smallest. These amoeba, which are completely resistant Indians, foreigners, and very hard for months out of the body, so we had to take a shower and I closed my mouth and teeth accompanied only purchased, bottled water. E, but because the food - joooj so delicious food - very cheap to very many excellent restaurants. For example, in Goa. This today has become a prestigious tourist destination in the mid-sixties and seventies hippy kokuznih global destinations from around the world, the realm of sex, drugs and music.
 I was late a couple of decades with a visit to Goa and now can only bear witness to the endless sandy beaches, warm and clear waters, and divine food that is served in many restaurants that are not and probably never closes. I looked for the best restaurant in Goa, and soon realized that the plastic tables and chairs and checkered tablecloths, no do not spoil his reputation. Just as it can not be quitting the newspaper reading habit from behind, so the menus are still in first over the right-hand column. So when I &quot;go card&quot;! The waiter was writing down my order and when he thought I was finished, I have not even been started. And how can I, when portions of fresh jumbo shrimp grilled costs less than serving ćevapi by Hodzic in Sarajevo! And some excellent soup, and fish and shellfish, and fish curry and chicken curry, and several types of hot naana (which can only be measured with our somun) and salads (which my wife does not eat for fear of an amoeba) .. .
 When I finished the order, the friendly waiter asked how we will be more people to join in the evening. We tried to politely explain that I said &quot;maybe&quot; too much for just the two of us, but I tried to comfort him that I do not have (about) all eat, but I want to (about) to try (o). And just when I thought I comforted him, in the fridge I saw a lobster, which was not on the menu. Drew my attention to the set - something less than thirty dollars, just as the entire previous orders - and when I told him that I wanted to (about) and he again checked whether porudžba only for funerals. Well, now, as I have said to understand the food, &quot;all his life apart from my mouth that I ate well&quot; if I&#39;d had in such a fierce competition to extract the most delicious dish as I&#39;ve ever tasted, then it was just that the lobster Barbecued saved the Indian. The secret of Indian food is the spices, many in each dish inevitable.
 Although it is possible to find or order some dishes that are not angry, we can say that the strength of the key features of Indian food. It ranges from - to our standards - so tremendously to the &quot;nuclear&quot; hot. However, even such anger, unlike those in our food, do not kill multiple layers of flavor as they provide numerous spices. But why kill a large number of bacteria that would surely do its work that is not the spiciness, with regard to hygienic conditions in which food is prepared and kept. And the spices were just a pretext for frequent conquest of India by various conquerors throughout history, from the Mongols to the English. Many unique spices so that the many vegetarian dishes with a rich list is no longer viewed with disdain. Shopping Bezobrazna variant of my shopping, then, looks like this: the seller says that, say, a beautiful, hand-made cover for a small cushion for a sofa costs 800 rupees, what I offer 120, the seller as to be offended, and explained that this is a first class material, that are making the necessary connections and tenth hours that I sell for 600 rupees, to the outrage I act and I start packing on as if we were hit for 400, I say that I would pay 150, and he then asks 300; Then I go out of action, he thinks that I do not know the bluff and I&#39;ll be back after a few steps, when you see anyone with a job, shouting that we provide cover for 250 and I can not go back, just turn your head and say to that my last offer of 200 rupees.
 And while the seller is packed cover, I console myself that for years her husband can not get rid of discomfort, embarrassment almost caused my shopping skills Source: Dani, B92
 