New Zealand writer Christian Karlson Stead won the most valuable money on the British short story contest organized by The Sunday Times. Sedamdesetsedmogodišnji author who was five years ago was convinced that his writing career after a serious stroke completed (could not read or write, living with the basis of a very serious case of dyslexia that does not believe that it is curable) won this year&#39;s contest in which have received 1152 of his story &quot;Last season&#39;s Man,&quot; says Dario Sušanj portal velikabritanija.net. The jury - in which he sat and Nick Hornby - has decided that Steadov work better than what works on the tender submitted by British writers Will Cohu, Joe Dunthorne and Adam Marek or American author David Vann. Stead financial motive, of course, probably was not important when it returned to writing, but it will certainly cheer the generous award by The Sunday Times, in an amount of 25 000 pounds.
 The plot of the story &quot;Last season&#39;s Man&quot; is located in Zagreb and Zadar. Young playwright, Tomislav Buljan, in the prime of his decision to criticize the older, experienced colleague Mary Ivanda, &quot;old guard&quot; that believes it is time to be swept from the scene, but engaging in this war with an older colleague Tomi seriously impairs the his own reputation. Besides being attacked by young lions, Mario&#39;s situation is further exacerbated by the collapse of his marriage, which remains without a financial security that allowed him doing art - return to the scene, the stage in Zagreb, in this situation will not be at all easy. In the meantime, Tomislav diagnosed with cancer and wins over the media that it sažalijevaju on their side, as Mary was afraid that the lion back to the cultural scene stronger than ever and that his moments in the theater scene truly numbered. Dubravkin way, stands with strawberries with Zagreb&#39;s main station, BP club, Theatre, in which both by raising their pieces and the Croatian National Theatre in Split are just a few of the places mentioned in this Steadovoj story, a kind of journey through a decade of open cultural theater of conflict, the two fertile authors who live in the area marked by great activity Miroslav Krleže - all during the decade that marked the wartime events in the country and one of the two main characters, Milat, nearly killed during the shelling of Zadar.
 However, when it is due to the decline of his reputation was destroyed Buljanovim Article reappears but largely forgotten faith, in a moment of desperation begged the Virgin Mary as the fulfillment of desire dismal - not even dreaming that he would feel guilty because of her haunt the rest of life ... velikabritanija.net 29.03.2010. Add to favorite articles Send to a friend Print Comment
 