09/11/2010 leaders in Tirana to greet one of the most important events after the fall of communism. Linda Karadaku for Southeast European Times in Tirana - 09/11/10 A large poster on the government building in Tirana with the good news. [Linda Karadaku / SETimes] The EU flag, the circle of stars on a blue background, these days can be seen everywhere in Albania. The same is the case with the signs where you can find information on the distance from major cities in the Schengen zone. People put them on the main square in Tirana. Meanwhile, the poster&#39;s opera and ballet theater - once a symbol of pride of the communist regime - says: &quot;Visas unnecessary&quot;! All this is part of the confusion created by the decision to approve the EU visa regime for Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina. In Albania, a country that has gone through long decades of isolation under former dictator Enver Hoxha, the importance that should not be underestimated. After the fall of the regime, many emigrated to other parts of Europe - in fact, there is hardly a family in Albania, which at least one member is overseas.
 However, until now most of them had to go illegally. Hasan, an Albanian who once crossed the sea and went to work in Italy, stands in front of large posters referring to his two brothers who went on the road with him - and stayed in Italy. &quot;Now I go to visit them whenever I can. This is a flight of one hour,&quot; he says. The EU&#39;s decision should take effect 20 days after publication in the Official Journal and is likely to Albania&#39;s Independence Day, which commemorates the 28th November On any date that it was, the travel restrictions will be lifted before Christmas. Good news, however, does not come without warning. Instructed about the difficulties of liberalizing the visa regime with Serbia and Macedonia, the EU is determined to implement strict rules and punish offenders who remain in the Schengen zone for more than three months, how much is allowed. Brussels wants to make it clear to the visa-free travel does not mean a permanent residence or asylum.
 Great Britain and Ireland are not Schengen area and for those countries still need visas. Tanja Fajon, European Parliament rapporteur for the process of liberalizing the visa regime for Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, said the two countries have met the criteria. &quot;We stopped at the end of long lines at consulates and tear down the walls that have separated families and friends. The responsibility is now on all sides,&quot; the statement said Fajon. She also tried to reduce concerns about illegal immigration and crime. &quot;People who wanted to leave the country have done so far, and we know that criminals know no boundaries, visas are not a threat to them,&quot; she said. Similar articles Loading at home, that decision was temporarily achieved the impossible - unite the quarreling Albanian politicians. Although they agree about little, they were united in greeting the steps the EU. President Bamir Topi said that as &quot;the most important day for the Albanians, after the declaration of independence and the fall of communism.&quot;
 &quot;This is the greatest success in terms of freedom and dignity [Albanian] since the fall of the Iron Curtain,&quot; said Prime Minister Sali Berisha. His main rival, Socialist Party leader Edi Rama said it was time to debate aside and enjoy the moment. He also urged Europe to &quot;demolish the wall visa&quot; for neighboring Kosovo, the only country in the region that was left out of the visa liberalization process. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 