Slobodna Dalmacija, 13.09.2009. | 13:20 Searching eæi TRUTH than 42 churches and religious communities currently registered in Croatia, we present to them a few lesser-known public Croatian du ¹ s spa ¹ states army religious leader offered to them ¹ arolike truths - Breaking æanske, pseudokr ¹ æanske, NEKR ¹ æanske, and the truth of various sectors and organizations - of free Roman Catholic Church, Breaking æanske prophets of the church, religious community Bahá&#39;í ... Fertile ground among the Croatian vjernièkim du ¹ s ¹ arolike find religious truth: Breaking æanske, pseudokr ¹ æanske, NEKR ¹ æanske, and the truth of various sectors and organizations. Confirms the fact that these are up since 2003. , when the Act on Legal Status of Religious Communities ¾ case, 42 registered churches and religious communities. How many of them still waiting for mail registration is not known. From the vast range of religious supply&#39;ll set aside some communities that are less known to the public. Free Catholic church was founded in 1916.
 in London and operates in the area of Yugoslavia since 1929. year. &quot;We are the result of efforts to create a church with a freer interpretation of some reinterpretations. We believe in reincarnation, that man more and more mail is evolving to become increasingly kristolikiji The ultimate goal is to become the perfect ¹ en like Christ. All that mail to me now you live, we are to deserve you, or with respect to the Past lost. The man finished ¹ Ava ¹ schooling on the Earth and enters into a new evolutionary cycle, and goes to you ¹ s sphere, &quot;shows us a priest Vojislav Paviæ from Zagreb, and adds: The church with two priests - reserves but we are all Christ&#39;s sacraments. © Regarding the date of the celebration, we have the same dates for the great saints and the Catholic Church, and also respect this Bla ¹ ¾ enu Virgin Mary. There are about 150 members in Croatia. Mass is obligatory on every Sunday and holidays. We have a bishop&#39;s synod, which manages the Church, and every seven years shall be elected &quot;president of the bishop.&quot; To call the priest must be a number of years of maturation, a bishop determines when a man is ready.
 For now the two priests - the priest says Vojislav Paviæ. Protestant communities are also found in the mail last fertile territory. For Christ&#39;s spiritual church malokr ¹ Briggs, we spoke with a preacher Nicholas Lemiæem from Zagreb, which we compare their community with the Catholic Church: - They have statues and idols, and we do not have to. The church is people. We believe that Mary gave birth to Jesus, but I do not believe she&#39;s the one that ought to worship but the One who created heaven and earth. On the primacy of the Pope we do not mail the joint. Communities to worship you is gathered when needed. Has us in Sisak, Kutina, near Zadar ... - Lemiæ preacher tells us, adding that community has about a hundred members, and the name &quot;malokr ¹ teni&quot; refers to the rule that those who were baptized in Catholic churches do not need to again go through the Breaking tenje water access to the community. One of the interesting phenomena is the Breaking æanska prophets church, which we approximate and pater ® eljko ® Jew from Zagreb - The largest difference between us and the Catholic Church in this is my mail to be based exclusively on the Bible.
 You have the worship on Sundays, but the difference is that it ¹ worship and dancing and clapping. No ¹ slièno to have the charismatic gatherings in Catholic churches. Preach as the Holy Spirit inspires us. A hundred members - said the pater ® Jew, Adding ¹ and &quot;prophets&quot; in the title is because mail to the pastor added that he receives prophesies from God. - Sudden ¹ states the relationship with God you live, and therefore should go directly to God, not the statues and the dead. The Virgin Mary is supposed savior, that he did not mean to bezgrje ¹, ¹ and also does not respect this no saint - he was pater ® Jew. Followers of the undivided church Croatia Starokatolièka: - We have no dogma about Bezgrje ¹ nom Zaèeæu and the Assumption of Mary, but it ¹ we put them to the level of dogma does not mean that we do not believe it. The Eucharist is the ultimate sacrament, as well as Katolièkoj church. We have two churches in Zagreb, and churches throughout Hratskoj. In Croatia, we are a small church, although we have at least three thousand.
 In the Philippines, for example, has about four million believers - he is a pastor Meja ¾ ¹ ki, Adding ¹ ¹ and that is all over the world for the eventual union with the Catholic Church as a Prelature (starokatolici choose their own bishops and Rome would be potvrðivao). - There is no celibacy, the seven sacraments we celebrate, but we have a confession in two ways: over the ear and the joint confession - the phone to us in the regular way, except in the case when you ¹ sin, while priests and bishops elected their own believers. Fastest rastuæa a religious community in the world is also present in Croatia. It is a Bahá&#39;í faith whose founder Bahá&#39;u&#39;lláh, which members believe Bo ¾ jim messenger for this age. The representative Maja Prezel approximate ila us this community: - OUR is the main belief that there is one God and that all religions come from the same God, and was founded in Persia. We believe that Christ, Moses, Zoroaster was Bo ¾ ji revealer, but do ¹ lo time for the new Bo ¾ her revelation brought by Bahá&#39;u&#39;lláh.
 We are an independent world religion and the goal of the Baha&#39;i faith to unite mankind. Forever progress towards God about the salvation of the Baha&#39;i faith Prezel told us: - We have no terms for salvation. A man of this world to gain spiritual qualities that he will be required in the next world, and we believe that du ¹ forever progressing towards God. In Croatia, we have about 150 followers in the world around six million ¹. We have ceremonies and masses, but rather to gather every 19 days on the feast where èitamo scriptures, pray, discuss administrative issues and the other ¾ imo. We do not have priests, but every believer is responsible en You are taught to other people. Local Spiritual Council shall be elected each year, so that no one has permanent authority. Secretive Scientologists Frequently mentioned in the popular media members and there you make the looting of the property, Scientology is in the spotlight of international attention.
 Although the official did not officially registered in Croatia was recognized as a charitable religious organization, and on the official site benim scijentolo ¹ &#39;organizations is how it works in Zagreb, Bla ¾ ekovoj 11th Sects flourish in Croatia the number of breeding ¾ ile NEKR ¹ æanske, pseudoreligious sect. The list of page Faculty Dru you be Jesus single out only some of them: &quot;Dark Movement&quot; and &quot;Black ru ¾&quot; - are among the group of destructive movements &quot;kontrakulturnog marginal nature of the phenomenon.&quot; Members are young people between 14 and 25 years; Komaja - Dru mail company for the development of love and consciousness; Croatian provenance that the sect was founded by &quot;once theosophy and the Zagreb first guru&quot; Francis Milièeviæ (named Aba Aziz Makaja). Embassy of the Kingdom of God ¾ jeg - data are scarce, says the movement of Croatian origin. Sit mail him at Hill Naked in Rovinj. As ambassador to sign up Mareee Brajanoviæ - Elijah.
 Seems to be representing the extreme branch of Jehovah&#39;s Witnesses, of which the level ¹ li. Moon&#39;s Unification Church and CARP veleèasnog - founded by her Protestant ¾ nokorejski Breaking æanin Sun Myung Moon. Operating in Zagreb since 1992. © is required to register for registering vjerkih community search and that the newly established religious community supplied e: a form which shows that religious communities have at least 500 faithful act of showing the contents and the way oèitovanja faith, religious rites, territory and mode of action, the act which shows that the newly established religious community as a religious community before submission of the request mail was registered as an association for five years. - - - Http://www.slobodnadalmacija.hr/Hrvatska/tabid/66/articleType/ArticleView/articleId/69907/Default.aspx still add a recommendation for a book written by a man on her conscience mail: William Engdahl - century war 1:02 a.m. .
 