Technological development packed world of finance has changed in recent decades, so there is literally a matter that can not be issued in the form of securities, or sekuritizirati (from the English. Security - security) and sell on the market. The world of finance has become a place of exotic derivatives, which, as time will show, even their own creators do not fully understand, let alone control. The possibilities are endless, and some serious cash and not really necessary because with so-called traded. financial leverage to enable it to cost about ten dollars in control of property worth thousands of dollars. Until a few years on Wall Street seemed to be the sky is the limit, and to paraphrase a famous line - there is no business, like financial business. However, at the height of the boom real estate market not all think alike. New York hedge fund manager John Paulson is 2007th want to bet that the mortgage market collapse.
 The story says that gathered around him a group of analysts, who asked that he make an analysis of the mortgage market and convince him to the contrary, and when they come up with their painted an optimistic predictions and analysis, told them that he was not convinced and that he does not believe that the growth will continue, indeed, deeply convinced that the fall is inevitable. Everything zakuhala John Paulson His foresight was even greater because it is primarily engaged in trading in the stock market, where he was known for its exotic methods that bet against the market and the debt market was found in his focus just as the market place following a puncture bubblea. Paulson then turned to banks for help with the desire to design a product that will allow him to and. Among the banks, which was addressed to Goldman Sachs. So it is not fatal ABACUS 2007-AC1, or collateralized debt obligation (CDO) packed by Paulson carefully selected, and time will show the toxic bonds that in his background did not contain the securitized loans rather than securities are derived from the securitized loans.
 So, it was a highly sophisticated security which, simplistically put, I was a derivative derivatives! And how is Paulson actually bet? It is easy to sell CDO&#39;s, which did not possess, thinking he could buy them in the near future at a price lower than that at which they sell (so-called short selling). Counting on cracking the housing bubblea only the 2007th The personally earned $ 3.7 billion. Ultimately, it is precisely so. shorting can find a list of many analysts as the most responsible for the collapse of the market and the target of increased regulation by the SEC, the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission. Now we come to the crucial moment on which indictments are based on the entire SEC v. Goldman Sachs. Goldman Sachs and its chief trader named Fabrice Tourre, said the product is sold to their customers without telling them how he tailored to customer a hedge fund manager that he bet against them and anticipates that the market will fall.
 Moreover, its clients Tourre said that security in the background ABACUS-elected impartial ACA Management, and they introduced him as a potentially highly profitable because, apparently, a growing real estate market. However, a billion dollars worth of ABACUS was only one of the 25 products, CDO&#39;s, which Goldman Sachs created for himself and selected customers to bet against the market. Goldman Sachs is not so ubirao income only from fees but from the investment in the CDO&#39;s. In all likelihood the area will emerge in future months, even more so Wall Street is probably expecting a big cleaning. He said the head of investigation department, SEC Robert Khuzami: &quot;The product is new and complex, but fraud and conflicts (of interest), an old and simple.&quot; What is exactly the CDO singled out is the fact that he is directly to blame for the collapse two major European banks, but losses of many European pension funds.
 In the case of Britain it is the Royal Bank of Scotland, whose losses associated with the acquisition of parts of Dutch bank ABN Amro. According to the SEC this accusation Royal Bank of Scotland Goldman Sachs paid 841 million dollars to close the positions in this part of the Dutch bank. It is this transaction required a rescue and the nationalization of Royal Bank of Scotland who is now 84-percent owned by British taxpayers. Another was a German bank IKB Deutsche Industriebank AG, one of the first casualties of the credit crunch. It has lost nearly a 150 million U.S. dollars worth the investment. All this led to the British Prime Minister Gordon Brown called on Washington a thoroughly investigate the business of investment giant, whom he accused of &quot;moral bankruptcy&quot;. Dual role in Greece, however, scandals related to Goldman Sachs and European markets do not stop there. Similar to the dual role Goldman Sachs played in the case of the Greek government debt - by selling worthless securities, and then buying insurance.
 Although the Goldman Sachs defended the fact that everything was in agreement with the Greek government, it is undeniable that their actions misled investors in Greek government bonds tajeći their right state of national finances. According to data from Bloomberg, Goldman Sachs since 2002. year on Greek government bonds earned about 735 million euros (billion dollars). Throughout the story, inevitably the question of timing for this action. Be sure that the investigation has been going on for some time (the middle of last year, the SEC has sent the first questions at Goldman Sachs), but it is impossible to deny that the administration&#39;s efforts to reform the banking system received an unexpected boost after the SEC accused one of the largest U.S. investment banks for fraud . Moreover, Goldman Sachs was one of the banks that have received no means neglectable state assistance following the collapse of the real estate market. The planned reform of U.S. financial markets include stricter regulations in the area of financial derivatives and insurance investments, together with a fund of 50 billion dollars to support illiquid banks, the banks will collect the advance.
 Planned is a new agency that will take care of the protection of investors, not banks. How in the world of exotic derivatives certainly need demonstrated by the fact that the majority of Goldman Sachs defense based on the fact that the CDO&#39;s they bought, in their view, sophisticated investors who were familiar with their characteristics. The truth is that Tourre in correspondence with his girlfriend and friends compared the CDO, in which the making and I was involved with the Frankenstein monster that will eventually turn against its creator. By all accounts has yet to scratch the surface of world finance. Undeniable connection between the world market has led to a crisis of global proportions, a deception that we are better, stronger, smarter eventually all fail. Sooner or later the truth emerges.
 