© imonoviæ UN: My selection is proof that good work ZAGREB - The new Assistant Secretary General of the United Nations Commission on Human Rights John © imonoviæ, Croatian Minister of Justice, it was announced Monday at the UN. The word on the Croatian du ¾ officer who rose to the highest step in the mail within the international organizations since the establishment of an independent Croatian. And what ¹ ¾ it is not the most, and mail to prof. © Dr. imonoviæ in a short interview with Morning specially emphasized, the choice of a country&#39;s justice minister on such an important function of the international ¾ necessarily mean that the country is achieving high standards of human rights. Brand new location aj How is however a matter of location Landmark case enough by the fact that I was UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon on Sunday by telephone on the election of the President informed the Croatian Ivo Josipoviæa, how informal you officially find out. © imonoviæ will be also mail Head Office in New York (until now there was only an office in sitting mail UN ® Geneva, which was under him had about 1000 people), and it is interesting that this is a completely new location event in the hierarchy of the UN a.
 The Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has decided to sleep but you affirm human rights as one of the key activities of the organization and the world for that office initiated the choice between 128 candidates for the first time with such a wide selection of mail in the history of the UN. © imonoviæ was one of them and managed to get through to the semifinals, where the mail went to still add three rival from Norway ¹ ka, Argentina and Brazil. They were all exposed to certain serious re etanju ¹ &quot;¹ est du ¾ selected officials of the UN, at the end of the finalists had a conversation with UN Secretary-General. He was personally chosen by John © imonoviæa who on Thursday will travel to ® Geneva to began to prepare for assuming this is extremely important you do not function in a world where there are so many countries where not only that human rights do not mail tivaju, but about them actually do not even speak. And it will take you to the mail function, because of all this, but © imonoviæ is accustomed to challenges.
 Success in diplomacy, was born in Zagreb, where he finished high school and Classical and openly opposed the then it ¹ ¹ reform school system. End and then Law School and continued his career there. At the time of the attack on Croatia and the pride you are voluntarily units of National Guard and was on location while the case then it ¹ their Foreign Minister Zdenka © krabalo not called to be his assistant. © imonoviæ immediately turned to multilateral diplomacy and worked extensively on creating the preconditions for oslobaðenje occupied areas. The result of this work, together with diplomats in Croatia mission to the UN, was the resolution&#39;s general meeting ¹ Assembly of the UN on the occupied areas of Croatia that has set international legal basis for operations Flash and Storm. He was one of kljuènjih people of the Croatian delegation at the negotiations on the peace agreement in Dayton, then moved to New York, for ¹ Head of Mission at the UN. After the change of government © imonoviæ remains in the UN to have finished and membership in ECOSOC, and then it then mail their Prime Minister Ivica Racan returned to the land to the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs actually conducted diplomacy.
 However, after the HDZ victory in 2003 elections, leaving ¹ © imonoviæ the building at Zrinjevac. Complete collapse of government and then performs the collapse of the Government. After the murder of Ivana Hodak was killed in downtown Zagreb, and Niko and Ivo Pukaniæ Pranjiæ. Then ¹ their Prime Minister Ivo Sanader has no other choice but to learn the words ¹ his incompetent Ministers of Interior and Justice to these places and bring stranaèki undecided Karamarko and Ivan © imonoviæa. It was a move that was after a long time ago, when it comes about then it ¹ Sanader&#39;s government, caused a positive response from the international community. © imonoviæ during his term of office is likely to prove as the best Croatian Minister of Justice and has launched a series of important ¾ term process. That is why a key issue for Croatia, who will inherit it. So, the key mnistri, as well as president of the HDZ (the same as the presidents of Croatia), the Masonic pijunèiæi that you maintain the status quo alas in countries that have a particular plan, such as Croatia.
 The minister of injustice, crime and corruption went her because Croatia has successfully &quot;done&quot; their share ...
 