We are familiar with the report, he received the commander of overhead power, failure to respect fighters F-16. This document comes to the examination of eleven field &quot;hawks&quot; turned out that only two were correct. Contract century ilitiga purchase multi-role fighter aircraft F-16 from the U.S. company Lockheed Martin, was supposed to be a huge success and a technological leap of the Polish army in the 21 century. We all remember the smiling faces Prime Minister Leszek Miller, who arrived on the U.S. hunter. But from the very beginning they began to sprout problems: Americans fail to fulfill their offset obligations, the Polish side during the negotiations forgot a calculated tax on the transaction. As a result plaæeno is much more than the Polish government computers. In the end it turns out, that the U.S. &quot;superlovci&quot; uèestalo corrupt. That&#39;s why the first plane had a problem with the overflight of the oceans, and range in base Kšesine, where he had already organized a solemn meeting.
 Aircraft manufacturer, Lockheed Martin explained that while both are irrelevant to any faults that you will be quickly removed. However, according to documents and other information that we have, in every sljedeæoj delivery hunters zrakolovni Polish serviceman discovered the flaws and incompleteness of equipment. Derived from the analysis of experts, as some of those failures very serious and could jeopardize the life pilots. Under the watchful eye of technicians all deficiencies have been found during the technical review, which was conducted in the 31st Air Force Base in Kšesine (near the city of Poznan), in which they are stationed Polish &quot;hawks&quot;. &quot;Our serviceman odvræu every screw on the planes, which we sti ¾ in. thorough examination allows discovering currently search for faults and defects&quot;, - ka ¾ e Representative Command overhead Polish Forces, Colonel Vjeslav G ¾ ¾ evski ego. Besides him, Colonel Pyotr Lukaševiè as former Chief of Department for the F-16, confirms to us a very thorough check of each aircraft.
 &quot;This is Testifies and the document is available in your newspaper. According to the document, a technical assessment of the situation of Polish F-16, was carried out conscientiously.&quot; Its army, its experts Lukaševiè declares, as the F-16 fighter does not have a single serious fault. &quot;For you, the famous report, it follows that the failures were found not endanger the life you alas pilots&quot;, - assures Lukaševiè, and it supports command overhead power. &quot;All irregularities will be removed without any problems our serviceman&quot;, - assured the colonel G ¾ ¾ evski ego. However, they have completely different opinions independent aviation experts. &quot;Of course, sooner or later may break, but the technical condition of the Polish F-16 caused at least èuðenje. Poland side for its machines has not caused the corresponding service, which would be fine and at no cost fix hunters.&quot; - Tomas Hipki notes, an aviation expert and the Secretary of State Dr ¾ advice Force.
 Overhaul of 37 aircraft? By the end of December 2002. Polish government passed a resolution to lease 48 multi-role fighter aircraft F-16. The offer price was around 3.8 billion USD, as the costs of loans transferred was 4.5 billion USD. On the runway at the air base Kšesinama, the first two aircraft slijeæu 8 November 2006. Until now it was already 37th In 2008. in Poland will overtake the others, but full battle readiness will be achieved only 2021st year. Author: Edyta Zemli, &quot;Rzeczpospolita&quot; br.230, 02.10.2007.
 