The state prepares a few billion worth of bonds issue, which will primarily redeemed 3 billion bond issue, which hardly reaches eighth March, and rebalanas budget, which has been speculated in recent weeks, and this year is inevitable. It was on Tuesday confirmed the State Secretary in the Ministry of Finance Zdravko Maric who replaced the absent Minister of Finance to promote budget guide for citizens, the latest edition of the Institute of Public Finance, writes Bankamagazin. &quot;A few days overdue bonds in the amount of 500 million euros by February 24 we have successfully paid off. This year we will have a lot of maturity in the domestic financial sector, among which are two syndicated bank loans, and 3 billion of bonds maturing March 8 . We are negotiating with the banks, pension funds and insurance companies and we are practically at the end of the bargain which will be completed by the end of the week.
 During the talks and is arrangers. Investor interest is more than satisfactory, so we bond, which matures successfully pay off and create the conditions that the domestic market, we have a quality long-term bonds. &quot;This is among other Maric said when asked if the exact information that is in preparation issue worth 250 million euros plus 2 billion, also said it would be a minimum maturity of 10 years. &quot;Our intention is to cover the amount due, and it is possible that the issue be higher, depending on investors,&quot; said Maric. Responding to a question on the revised budget, indirectly confirmed that they will get to it, while stressing the importance of great timing: &quot;The situation is similar to last year, when this time of year also indicated the need to rebalance. But I must say that the Ministry of Finance of the best we see and know what the expectations are and what the charge of the budget in accordance with the undertaking of activities. &quot;Said Secretary of State.
 Maric was also reminded that in the last fifteen years there was not even one year without a budget amendment, and that they were last year there were three. &quot;We will go with the revised budget when the budget is no longer able to fulfill its commitments,&quot; he said. Director of the Institute of Public Finance (IJF) Katarina Ott said it was clear that there will be revised as it was in previous years. But, she added, the circumstances are exceptional, which is somewhat justified by the Ministry of Finance, but the imbalance still point to poor planning. Commenting on what he said, rebalancing culture in Croatia, an expert in public finance Anto Bajo reminded that it takes many years (since 1996). And that is the result of excess expenditure growth that has continued until today, written Bankamagazin. Previous articles: Kovacevic: The budget is a minus 23 billion kuna (24.02.2010.) Suker: I revised budget! No-I! (23.02.2010.) Calculation does not &#39;hold water&#39;, needed urgent revision (22.02.2010.)
 