Ina, namely, the gas is imported at a cost 2.2 to 2.4 cubic meter rate, and sales of 1.7 kuna. However, when it should be noted that this loss is still on Ina and gas, thanks to those from domestic production, has an enormous profit. The Government are aware that the download business with imported gas creates an even bigger hole in the treasury, and trying all ways to achieve the MOL new deal. To find out, Banski palace in the negotiations led by the ministry of the economy is trying to delay the takeover until further notice, or even completely abandon the takeover of loss because it would bring great harm to the budget. It is possible that this second scenario has recently been indirectly confirmed by the Minister Popija훾. Of course, in MOL have been aware of the situation in which the government and trying to get the maximum and the government putting their conditions to delay the acquisition of natural gas. How to unofficial information from sources involved in the negotiations, except as requested by the Government of gas price rises, demand that the gas produced in Croatia is exported to Hungary.
 &quot;The price of natural gas production in Croatia is very low, so the sale of MOL&#39;s gas market could make many times,&quot; said our source. Gas experts interviewed say that the data released by the BBC News about the Croatian cost price of gas about 70 cents to a maximum dollar per cubic accurate. That same gas Ina distributor for 1.7 kuna per cubic and annual earnings on it about a billion and a half kuna. When they fought to MOL Croatian gas freely exported to Hungary, the experts note, they make it to market, sold at much higher price rate of about two and twenty cents. MOL&#39;s insistence on the free export of gas to Hungary Croatian becomes especially interesting if we take into account that the government in the Treaty on the gas business agreed that this fee increase only by 0.5 percent annually until 2014, that would only benefit from 2015 was common in the world 10 percent.
 &quot;It is easy to calculate that you would have had enormous profit of MOL.&quot; highlights one of our interlocutors, &quot;Free Croatian export gas to Hungary is an issue of national security. Who can guarantee that in Hungary&#39;s MOL will carry out all domestic gas reserves, whose production is more favorable than in Croatia to qualify only imported gas. Specifically, the Act there is no obligation to hold reserves of gas, and other countries have it. Although I am aware that entry into the EU the government can no longer control the price of gas it seems to me that the state waives lightly domestic gas production, &quot;clearly one of the experts who wishes to remain anonymous. Extremely low production costs Croatian gas is the result of extraordinarily low fees for mining exploitation by INA pays state. In 2009, this fee amounted to only 2.60 percent of sales, while Europe and the world average of 10 to 12 percent! MOL&#39;s insistence on the free export of gas to Hungary Croatian becomes especially interesting if we take into account that the government in the Treaty on the gas business agreed that this fee increase only by 0.5 percent annually until 2014. And that only since 2015 .
 fees amounted to 10 percent of world standard. Experts we spoke with were particularly wary of building a small LNG, which was recently announced by the Minister of Economy George Popija훾. Prem Popija훾evim words. Government Plinacro approved a five-year development program weighs 311 million euros under which the company received approval to build a small LNG and pipeline connecting the buoy to the ship terminal in the Gulf in front of Omisalj. Experts believe that this project has too many technological problems to be profitable, and in addition requires a change of spatial plan of Primorje-Gorski Kotar County. &quot;I&#39;m afraid that the Minister Popija훾 easily accepted this proposal, and those he did not think it qualified on all aspects,&quot; says one expert.
 