The Secretary General of the Council of Europe Torbjern Jagland expressed concern over the violence during yesterday&#39;s gay parade in Belgrade. Supported the Serbian government&#39;s determination to defend human rights, in accordance with the European Convention on Human Rights. Groups that are in the minority should not live in fear of violence either in Serbia or elsewhere in Europe, said the first man of pan-European organization that brings together 47 member states. Gay parade was organized in Belgrade after nearly ten years. The state will strongly react to Serbian President Boris Tadic strongly condemned the attacks on police and violence on the streets of Belgrade during the gay parade. He said that the attack on the police attack on the country and that the organizers of violence and offenders will be arrested and brought to justice. The violence of hooligans on the streets of Belgrade has previously condemned the Serbian government. The opponents of gay parade clashes and police, 124 police officers were injured and 17 rioters, said the Serbian Interior Ministry.
 Arrested 207 people, of which exactly one hundred remain in custody. Interior Minister Ivica Dacic said that the 6000 police attacked the perpetrator. Belgrade Mayor Dragan Djilas said that the riots in the streets hooligans caused material damage is greater than one million euros and said that the pride parade was only an excuse for these young people for breaking the city, reports Beta. Stating that the town completely destroyed, Djilas said that the most important thing is not lost even one human life. Justice Ministry State Secretary Slobodan Homen, ushering in a frenzied response to the violence of the state, said that the city is well covered by cameras and that some of the rioters have been brought. He noted also that the destruction of the city, and clashes are not a question of maintaining the gay parade, but the respect for human rights. Street War on &quot;Gay Pride&quot; Conflicts in Belgrade, after which the wider Belgrade center looked like a war zone, they started around 11 am at the Assembly building in Belgrade and at Slavija Square, and later were transferred to other parts of the city, surrounded by park Manjez which held a parade.
 Strong police force to prevent the penetration of the perpetrator to the participant pride parade, not allowing them access through the side streets, after which the attackers smashed cars and shop windows and overturned garbage containers, which they found themselves on the road. It is stoned and burned headquarters staff party ruling coalition - the Democratic Party (DS). The police intervened and the headquarters of the Socialist Party of Serbia (SPS) and the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), stoned the building of state television, RTS, and among the perpetrators, as the media, there were those who had unsuccessfully tried to enter the Serbian parliament. The very last gay parade was peaceful, with the participation of about a thousand people and multiply the number of police officers and gendarmes placed in several cordons around the park where the gathering took place. Support the parade with his presence gave the Head of the European Commission in Serbia Vincent Degert, Head of Mission of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) Dimitris Kipreos, Serbia&#39;s Minister for Human and Minority Rights Svetozar Ciplic, lawmaker Zarko Korac, President of the LDP, Cedomir Jovanovic , U.S. Ambassador to Serbia Mary Warlick, and other public figures.
 Participants in the parade after the meeting, accompanied by police, walked next to the building after which the Serbian government in the nearby Student Cultural Center prepared fun. After it is finished, the participants in the parade were police vans in groups transported in safe parts of town where they diverged, taking with him the label and other features. The Serbian government strongly condemned the violence of hooligans on the streets of Belgrade, declaring that take all legal measures to ensure public peace and order and bringing to justice the organizers of disorder. Republican prosecutor&#39;s office spokesman Tomo Zoric told B92 that the prosecution and the police to do everything to identify all those who are still committing crimes and attacking police. All the key incidents, he said, were filmed video footage of violence and will serve as evidence in criminal proceedings. It is still several thousand people yesterday at the family walks downtown Belgrade demanded cancellation of the parade.
 