Author: Portal Jutarnji.hr Posted: 10.04.2010 MOSCOW - Polish President Lech Kaczynski and his wife Maria Kaczynska were killed in a plane crash that crashed in the western part of Russia. Head of Russian investigative committee Sergey Markin said that the aircraft were 132 persons. No one survived RELATED NEWS News footage shown to the crash site showed scattered remains of the aircraft that are still burning in the woods near aerodoroma. The plane crashed several hundred meters of the runway. &gt;&gt; Lech Walesa: The Katyn us wanted unišititi, now that killed the elite Polish&gt;&gt; biographical sketches from the life of Lech Kaczynski&gt;&gt; Tupljev 154: The plane that we all want to resolve as a possible cause of the accident according to erroneous assessment of the presidential aircraft pilots . Specifically, the pilot refused the recommendation to extend due to bad weather flight to Minsk. And Russia and Belarus for the control of air traffic services have confirmed that the pilots were alerted to the bad weather conditions in Smolensk.
 Local airport at that time was shrouded in fog. What kind of conditions was best for the fact that the fourth plane crashed during landing attempt. - The aircraft očešao treetops, dropped and then caught fire - said Piotr Pszkowski spokesman for the Polish Ministry of Interior, told AFP. Kaczynski traveled there for the 70th Katynskoj anniversary of the massacre in the woods where Soviet troops massacred 22 000 Poles. - The aircraft were the president, his wife and Andrzej Kremer, deputy foreign minister - said. Besides them were killed in the accident and the Polish army Chief of Staff Gen. Franciszek Gagor and the Polish National Bank President Slawomir Skrzypek. They were flying in the presidential aircraft of the Tupolev Tu-154th The plane was 26 years old, and last year in December passed a thorough renovation. Otherwise, the Polish president and his wife were guests at the recent inauguration of Croatian President Ivo Josipovic.
 Number of recommendations: 75 Post on Facebook More o. .. FACEBOOK COMMENTS
 