Even 59 percent of French do not want to strike that brought the country to the brink of chaos stop even after the Senate in Paris that his vote for pension reforms by President Nicolas Sarkozy. Nations are more solidarizirala when it comes to economic policies - 68 percent believe that the move is aimed towards recovery of the economy, which has so far dragged Sarkozy, bad ii unproductive, and 62 percent of French President believes that by the end of his mandate 2012th year should not make any more reforms because it harmful for France, French people and all the acquis of democracy and the welfare state that this nation is proud, and which really holds. That the French are not willing to suffer until someone oppresses and devalues, showed the French revolution and a series of rebellions in the 19th century. And in the meantime they are so well organized that they may be proud that today have the best organized, strongest and most resolute of unions in the world, who are always unique policy when people try to take away a right that belongs to him or to impose something that does not suit him.
 The unions have even organized and students, and their union is among the five strongest in France. Different and quite diverse unions in solidarity with each other and help each other. When a few years ago was threatened by law students, on their side stood all the others and joined them in organizing a general strike. Now when it comes to pensions, students and youth are linked to and solidarity with the elderly. This shows that the French society aware that when it appears the real problem is not just the group that this issue is directly concerned, but society as a whole. We could say that the students are aware that they will one day be on the verge of retirement or workers or farmers with no awareness that their children will one go to college. Problems are shared and jointly addressed. If you do not go willingly, or force is not ruled out, as so many times throughout history, especially in the last two hundred years.
 In the French case is an important detail, and that unions, strikers and protesters generally have a very strong public support. What is happening now in France, when millions of people on the streets, the largest and most significant protests in Europe against all sorts of restrictive measures that governments want to rehabilitate the victims in the global economy recession. It is the &quot;only&quot; two years extension of service, many would say. But the French want us to show that it does not matter about how many years the word, but an important principle that people will not give up fighting for the rights acquired or that will not let the politicians who have chosen them prekrajaju life. We can only imagine what the French trade unions associated with the public so that they Sarkozy harač imposed by the Croatian model or not to recognize the right to a referendum for which signatures were collected in blood and hard! Europe and the world of the French people, since the French Revolution until today, learned a lot.
 Some were excellent students, some good and some very bad just because they did not realize that the unity and determination in getting the foundation of all battles. We fall into this third category of eternal repeat.
 