Text: HA / ZJ / I.Ka. / I. Kri. Photo: Boris Kovaèev / Cropix, CCL AFP spokeswoman for the Index said it was now open to air travel on all Croatian airports. &quot;Transportation is open without restrictions to the data that we iduæih obraðivali,&quot; Olivera told us Ilijaš. OsjeËko airport, which only yesterday was closed, opened tonight about 23 hours. Croatia Airlines announced this morning that all flights scheduled for today but canceled flights Split-Rome, Rome, Split, Dubrovnik-Rome, Rome to Dubrovnik. According to the latest statement from Croatia Airlines, according to the current situation in Croatian and European airspace, Croatia Airlines now plans to do the following flights: Homing traffic OU664 Zagreb - Dubrovnik at 21:10 AM OU656 Zagreb - Split 21:20 AM OU665 Dubrovnik - Croatia in 17 hours OU667 Dubrovnik - Zagreb at 22:10 pm The international traffic OU384 Dubrovnik - Rome in 18 hours OU381 Rome - Split - Croatia in 18 hours OU385 Rome - Dubrovnik at 20:15 hours from the city, behind the afternoon went so far all planned flights.
 In accordance with an assessment of the situation in the Croatian and European airspace, Croatia Airlines tomorrow, 20 April 2010. plans to do the following flights: Homing traffic OU650 Zagreb - Dubrovnik - Split at 6.30 pm OU662 Zagreb - Dubrovnik at 14:15 AM OU656 Zagreb - Dubrovnik at 21:20 AM OU664 Zagreb - Split 21:15 AM OU651 Split - Dubrovnik - Zagreb at 6:15 pm OU655 Split - Dubrovnik - Zagreb at 12:20 pm OU661 Dubrovnik - Zagreb at 6:35 pm OU665 Dubrovnik - Zagreb at 15:55 pm The international traffic OU440 Zagreb - Vienna at 8:10 pm OU441 Vienna - Zagreb at 10.10 am OU382 Zagreb - Rome at 9:05 pm OU383 Rome - Zagreb at 11.30 OU380 Zagreb - Split - Rome at 14.30 hours OU381 Rome - Split - Croatia in 18 hours OU344 Zagreb - Sarajevo at 14:50 hours OU345 Sarajevo - Zagreb OU374 Zagreb 16:50 pm - 15:10 pm in Barcelona Barcelona OU375 - Zagreb at 18.10 hrs OU 442 Zagreb - Vienna at 17:50 PM OU 443 Vienna - Zagreb at 19.30 am from Croatia Airlines to you in that over the past few days in their aircraft should fly around 14 500 passengers, and that losses are being assessed.
 &quot;Croatia Airlines is now estimated to suffer direct financial harm of around 2 million euros. In addition, the company suffers and indirect damages for loss of confidence of passengers in a civilian Air transport and switching to other forms of transport,&quot; it added in its statement. MHS: The air is not oneèišæen According to the MHS, the monitoring stations Valsts state network for permanent air tracking kakvoæe (http://zrak.mzopu.hr/default.aspx?id=6) in the last 24 hours in the area of no increases in the Croatian the usual values of hourly concentrations of ground level lebdeæih particulates (PM10) in air. Prescribed by the marginal value of 50 μg/m3 by the Regulation on limit values oneèišæujuæih substances in the air (OG 133/05) was not exceeded. Opened and European airports were slowly began to open and airports in Europe. So Lufthansa aircraft will take off today from two of German airports, and the company plans to translate the 15 thousand passengers in Germany.
 Češka and Slovakia have opened their air space. The first aircraft from Munich and Frankfurt, flew about 18 hours, and most of them went to the United States. Lufthansa said in a statement said that aircraft will fly at lower altitudes so you would have seen pilots where to go. Airports are open and in Spain, Portugal, Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia, Serbia, and the French and Italian south and the east Europe. For transit at high altitude are open and Latvia, Lithuania, Poland and Denmark. North airport opened and Finland and Sweden. Du ¾ European officials are now sky over Europe, divided into three zones. The first zone will be banned from flying for all, in another called &quot;caution zone&quot; will be partially allowed to fly, while A third will be completely open. Zone will determine the Eurocontrol. In the &quot;caution zone&quot; will be performed often controls that should prevent that higher concentrations of dust do not cause failure of the engines.
 The European Union said that if weather conditions continue as they are currently in effect, about half of the airports on the continent today, could start operating. Opening ports aviation companies will welcome with great enthusiasm, because the last three days the industry is losing daily 200 million U.S. dollars. IATA: volcanic crisis is more expensive than terrorism International Association search for overhead transport (IATA) today you strongly criticized European governments for ways in which they reacted to the expansion of the volcanic cloud, saying the crisis for the industry was higher than terrorism, and how they should think about changing the process of closing the overhead space. &quot;Just have penetrated far into this crisis to be able to express their dissatisfaction with the manner in which governments have acceded to the problem - without risk assessment, without an agreement, without coordination and without guidance. The industry crisis is costing 200 million U.S. dollars a day, and the European economy is losing billions every day .
 It is incredible that the European ministers of transport in such a moment took five days to call teleconference, &quot;said Giovanni Bisignani, director Iate.&#39;s Largest European tour operator, lost 20 million pounds, daily losses of 5-6 million pounds of Europe&#39;s largest tour operator TUI Travel reported Monday that the closure of most of Europe&#39;s airports after the appearance of a huge cloud of dust from the Icelandic volcano suffered a loss, which currently reach ¾ e 20 million pounds. The group, in which Germany&#39;s TUI AG has a 43-percent share has announced that it will they cost per day poveæavati for five to six million pounds. On Sunday, the TUI Travel announced that about 100 thousand passengers did not return home after the holidays due to the closure of airports in northern Europe after the volcanic eruption in Iceland last Thursday. They added that in Britain 90 percent of travelers with maps for the trip over the holidays decided to re-book a ticket for a later date.
 &quot;The most important ¾ safety of our passengers and give you a group of the appropriate assistance to all those who because of the closure of the airport were not able to return home,&quot; reported Monday TUI Travel. TUI Travel reported that co-operating with other tour operators and airlines to the regulatory authorities and the government won permission to continue flights as soon as possible. European officials have long said that you hope to be back half of the flights available on the mainland on Monday after five days of paralysis of air traffic. It should work better &quot;Governments must urgently and better determine when to sigurnošæu may we open the skies over Europe. This means decisions are based on management ¾ mint risks, facts and through the use of safety procedures, &quot;he said. Methodology closing airspace based on theoretical models, rather than facts is very bad. It says that the government did not want to take responsibility and that the decisions adopt without an agreement with airlines, which is not acceptable, &quot;he said.
 &quot;We have seen volcanic activity around the world, but it has rarely led to stopping air traffic. When St. Helena erupted in the U.S. in the 80-a, we have not had this much traffic fine, because the decisions about opening and closing air traffic brought based on informed decisions, &quot;ruled. Airports were closed in Austria, Belgium, Èeškoj, Denmark, Estonia, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Latvia, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Switzerland and the UK. Were partially closed in: Bulgaria, Finland, France, Italy, Norway, Poland and Sweden. Normally, the fly, according to the latest information on BBC&#39;s &quot;, in: Greece, Lithuania, Portugal, Russia, Turkey, Ukraine and Spain. NATO aircraft flew through a cloud, and suffered considerable damage more NATO military aircraft of the F-16 that are still flew through the cloud of volcanic ash has suffered a failure of the engines easier, poruèili from NATO.
 How has released an unnamed representative of NATO within the engine was found several pieces of glass. &quot;Volcanic dust while passing through the aircraft engines, high temperature, is converted into glass particles, which can easily cause serious malfunctions of the engine,&quot; the AFP. Yesterday and the Finnish military aircraft of the F-18 flew through a volcanic cloud. All aircraft landed without difficulties, but later examination determined that the aircraft suffered a greater failure of the engines. European Commission: Prohibition of air traffic is not the solution after which, due to volcanic dust clouds, paralyzed by a European air space, the European Commission has proposed three alternatives ¾ ila closing skies over Europe. One alternative is the establishment of new overhead lines, planes would fly under that plan new lines and behind a cloud of dust, templates and the first man of the Directorate General for Energy and Transport Matthias Ruete.
 The second possibility is called. U.S. model according to which the uncertainty is represented by a cloud of dust evaluated air traffic controllers and air traffic on the closure would not be decided on at national but at local level. A third possibility envisions the introduction of security zones that planes should not intersect. Prohibition of certain air traffic hold states so not to block air travel other states hold. The Commission added that the decision on opening air traffic you the most important passenger safety and to compromise when it comes to security are not possible. According to a European envoy for the traffic Siim Kallas, the current collapse of European air traffic is &quot;neizdr ¾ iv. From midnight to open the skies of Serbia From the midnight air space of Serbia was also opened to operation, RTS reports. The course of things the list on the index Share
 