There is hope for those who are not a referendum 2002nd YEAR Photo: Facebook Remember Niksa Klečka, some would say &quot;Facebooker&quot; to those who urinate on themselves and Facebook, so the bombers and missile masters, potential residents Vrapca, once the spread of Nazi artwork on the Internet, at least so claimed some . He was a celebrity figure such as &quot;those who do not forgive 16-year-old&quot;, but it is not the media, because once the sect from Madagascar, whose boss is no one rang the doorbell, and it was because the head of the sect of &quot;not forgives the 16-year-old, had gone up into the heavens a man who loves to put the Nazi illustrations, of course it did not mention the sect, the sect is mentioned only that the police are poor Nikša Klečka harassed because kritizrao Sanader, which is of course nonsense. President Dubrovnik Youth Forum SDP, N. Klečak was expelled from the party because of a number of scandals that are associated with him, say this weekend is drunk as a mother country back from the wedding daughters parliamentary representative SDP Tatjana Simac Bonacic, a police his staff car drivers as measured 1.25 per mille of alcohol in the blood, therefore, was drunk as a while ago, &quot;journalist John Gojčeta, known as a penis a warrior.
 He accused the former party colleagues for placing Klečak the course said that it is planting the police and did not alkotestirao, and even that was not the driver, it is obvious that his fame hit in the head, as always when the glory is based on glass nogola. For all this Klečak accuses Dubrovnik SDP Mladen Gojun, Thomas BRNAS and Boza Memed that his framing, he even came to the point that his &quot;SDP framing through its relationship with the police.&quot; - Municipal Committee SDP Dubrovnik distances itself from public statements Niksa Klečka in the media, because those statements were never the official position of SDP Dubrovnik - Dubrovnik said the SDP. The foreigners were even Klečka suspect that he read an e-mail the president of the SDP and Dubrovnik Olga Muratii, and not only, but the mail allegedly proslijeđivao further Klečak said that a libel suit and announced why. However, none of this, at least for now, no.
 Is it really controversial Niksa Klečak victim SDP lynching or is it really the subject of many scandals? We may never know, but this story is instructive, &quot;both, both fell, and Klečak PM ....
 