About 58 percent of voters who on Sunday (12.9.) Came to rerefendum voted for the package, consisting of 26 amendments in the Constitution. They suggested the Islamic-conservative AKP party of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Constitutional reform to strengthen civil rights and the right to strike, and is predicted to more effective protection of personal data of citizens. At the same time the Turkish army is losing influence, and the generals who 1980th participated in a military coup in the future will be able to be brought before the court. It also reduced the powers of military courts. The new constitution, the Turkish parliament gets more impact on the election of judges of the Supreme Court, which was before the referendum was one of the slowest point. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: &quot;Evet = Yes,&quot; Prime Minister Erdogan after the publication of the results of the referendum said that the judicial reform strengthens the position of the country on njenon European and democratic way.
 Celebrating the victory of his party in a referendum, Erdogan reiterated the importance of the 12th September Namely, that date before 30 years, executed a military coup in the country: &quot;12 September was tainted by the Constitution, which was imposed by coup plotters. With this referendum, a new, democratic, saving time. Opens a new page of history of Turkey and clean the dirt from the Constitution. &quot;Reforms will continue to Prime Minister Erdogan is the outcome of the referendum a success. The campaign was conducted throughout Turkey, he promised that next year, and reforming other parts of the Constitution.&quot; For Tomorrow we begin discussions with the authorities and making plans for further reform of the Constitution, said Erdogan. &quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The referendum is 77 percent of voters responded to the European Commission has welcomed the outcome of the constitutional referendum in Turkey. &quot;The result of the referendum shows the will of the people for the implementation of reforms for more freedom and rights,&quot; said European Commissioner for Enlargement Stefan Füle.
 German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle naglašacva that the outcome of the referendum &quot;an important step on the path of Turkey to Europe.&quot; Authors: Steffen Wurzel / dpa / ap / M. Smajić Re. Ed.: Z. Arbutina
 