Green Flexitanks durable alternative solutions for loading ISO containers and ISO tanks Tanks for transport of liquids. Flexitanks from China to give you the opportunity to import and export of bulk liquids around the world. Flexitanks green shipping solutions are needed for green and efficient supply chain of supply of liquid. Flexitanks are usually installed within 20ft or 40ft sea or rail shipping containers. Flexitanks are made of durable and flexible plastic material that protects the load and prevents leakage. Flexitank for delivery of liquid Flexitanks are installed in either 20ft or 40ft container, its important that these containers are in good shape with no sharp points or objects that could penetrate flexitank and cause leakage. Installation flexitank into your container can be either on the container terminal or loading site. After Flexitank properly installed all that&#39;s left to do is to load! Loading flexitank is done by simply connecting pump flexitank valve flexitank load usually takes between 20-40 minutes, depending on the type of cargo and the loading speed pumps.
 After successfully loading flexitank evenly flexitank your container is ready for the trip. Flexitank is now ready for its liquid transport or by road, rail and sea shipping. It is important to remember that you will also need a discharge pump for discharging liquid cargo when it arrives at its final destination. Flexitank can then be removed from the container for disposal or use and recycle. It is possible to ship any type of non-hazardous liquids using flexitanks especially food products, such as animal and vegetable fats and oils and liquids and semi-solid. Flexitanks can also be used to ship fruit juices, syrups, drinking water, wines and spirits, syrup, other food additives, pharmaceutical, oil, sugar and the like. Industrial and technical fluids can also be transported using Flexitanks such as industrial oils and lubricants, technical supplements, synthetic pitches, liquid cleaning means, emulsions, glycerine, some types of paint, ink, fertilizers, latex, transformer oil, etc.
 Some liquids have properties which causes them to become thick during storage, transport, or changes in temperature. These fluids can sometimes make it not possible to unload them after transportation or storage in flexitank. To combat this problem, we can use heating pads installed inside the shipping container with flexitanks using steam or hot water temperature adjustment allows the fluid flow for easy unloading. Advantages of using Flexitanks way which means that there is no need to return flexitank, now people are using tank containers must be returned to the tank container, means for returning the empty container must be paid for. Using flexitanks for loading and unloading can save upto 90% of the time compared with the unloading of drums and barrels from the container. You never have to clean the container or flexitank after transport and unloading flexitank is disposable and recyclable.
 Unloading the losses are reduced, 1% of the cargo is lost when unloading barrels, drums and containers due to drops and damage, using flexitanks loss of cargo by 0.01%. What are Flexitanks used for? Japan - Flexitanks currently being used to transport wine from the wine producing regions in Japan such as Hokkaido, Yamagata, and the bottling and packaging plants in other parts of the country. Philippines - Philippines used to export various flexitanks rich in oil and other liquid commodities throughout the world. Flexitanks buy on-line at: http:// Www.flexitanks.com
 