04/02/2010 Visit of UN Secretary-General and sparked protests, but has not led to progress in complex talks on reunification of Cyprus. Baris Yilmaz for Southeast European Times - 04/02/10 UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon visited the Turkish part of Nicosia at the Ledra Street crossing. [Getty Images] visit to the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon divided island of Cyprus, was completed on Wednesday (February 3rd), calling the leaders of the Turkish Cypriots and Greek Cypriots to accelerate peace talks. The visit is at the end was only symbolic and almost caused a boycott of the banquet for the Ban of the Greek Cypriots. The protesters were upset because Mr. Ban visited the headquarters of the Turkish administration in the north. &quot;Our differences remain,&quot; said Turkish Cypriot leader Mehmet Ali Talat after a three-day visit. Ban said: &quot;Nobody has the illusion [that is easy to solve Cyprus problem]. Peace talks are never easy.
 However, it was time to move forward. This process is the people of Cyprus and for the people of Cyprus. &quot;Cyprus has been divided along the boundaries of its Greek and Turkish population since 1964. Year. Talat and his Greek Cypriot counterpart - President Dimitris Christofias - since September 2008. Link direct talks in order to overcome differences. A number of unresolved issues continue to impede the process. In a joint statement, Talat and Christofias stressed the mutual commitment to the decision, saying: &quot;In the past three weeks ... we worked mainly on the chapter on governance and power sharing and achieved important progress.&quot; Pressure for achieving prosperity grows, keeping in mind the upcoming presidential election of Turkish Cypriots in April. Talat&#39;s opponent is more popular Dervis Eroglu. Eroglu If he wins, observers fear that the process of reunification could turn from the track. If that happens, Turkey&#39;s EU accession process would be seriously threatened.
 Since the Greek Cypriot administration, but the EU, skeptics believe that the Greek side conversations used to extract concessions from Turkey that would in turn provide support for Ankara&#39;s EU bid. Despite Banovo personal contribution and promise regarding progress - both sides say they are now closer than when they began with, even though they have no evidence for it - visit the UN has inspired a wave of protests Cypriots. Ban met with Talat in his presidential office in the North, operated by Turkish Cypriots. Town meeting sparked a protest Greek Cypriot political leaders and the government has expressed dissatisfaction. Four Greek Cypriot political parties have expressed outrage and boycotted the reception for Ban in Ledra Palace Hotel. This step was convicted in the media as &quot;an unnecessary show of bad intentions, which Ban&#39;s disputed claim that&quot; now is the time for a Cyprus solution, &#39;&quot;according to a commentary in the Cyprus-Mail.
 Similar articles Loading Turkish columnist Yusuf Kanli suggested that a boycott of the reason for pessimism. &quot;The mentality of the Greek Cypriot leadership and the political elite is what prevents a solution to the island over the past 45 years,&quot; he wrote in the daily Hurriyet Kanli Daily News. Liberni scientific officer and columnist Mensur Akgun, who has long been critical of Turkey&#39;s unwillingness to work towards solutions in Cyprus, now sees no prospect for it. &quot;We should not fool ourselves. There is no [sign of progress] in the Cyprus peace talks,&quot; he wrote in the liberal daily Referans. &quot;As long as Greek Cypriots believe that Turkey seized the progress towards the EU, it is impossible to reach a solution in Cyprus&quot;. This content is SETimes.com. Loading Voting Loading Your email has been sent.
 