WIESE £ AW Tarki, AMBASSADOR OF THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND IN CROATIA 03.02.2009., Novi list border dispute should not affect the approximation of expression Croatian Union of Croatia and Slovenia should find a bilateral solution of ¹. © The longer it takes you is that you ¹ ¹ damages the whole process, and is harmful for the whole region, Wies ³ aw Tarka the Polish ambassador to Croatia from the autumn. The 45-year-old boy ¹ finished and the Germanic studies, a career in science began as an assistant at the Faculty neofilologije Var avskog sveuèili ¹ ¹ ta. In contact with the foreign affairs went to the mail in 1990. as Associate Members of the Civic Club Polish parliament, the Sejm. On two occasions, almost all A decade with a brief interruption, the official buoys in the Polish Embassy in Stockholm. He also worked at the local level as in the self-structures mazovijskog duchy, and was deputy director of the Office of Cultural Affairs, and for cooperation with foreign mayors Var ¹ Ave.
 Before returning to the foreign policy of two years he was a central hold undersecretary at the Ministry of Internal Affairs and Administration, to the autumn Past year was appointed ambassador to Croatia. This is the first Tarkin veleposlanièko place. Knowledge of foreign languages is certainly a strong foreign ambassadors Tarki. Fluent governments German, mail Vedic, English and French, communicative Government of the Russian and Lithuanian, and has passive means, but is working on enhancing this knowledge, the Croatian language. How do you rate Slovenian blockade of Croatian accession negotiations to the European Union - We think that the border issue should be bilaterally question, not a question that is put on the European level. We believe that Croatia and Slovenia should find a bilateral solution of ¹. © The longer it takes you is that you ¹ ¹ damages the whole process, and is harmful for the whole region. Croatian-field familiarity So, not only for Croatia but also for the European perspective of Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and other countries in the region that are on the road towards the EU? - I think that Croatian membership in EU is very Important and Croatia welcomed the mail by the European Union when do your homework giving the domestic.
 If you understand well that means that bilateral issues should not affect the Croatian I approach? - They should not be affected. Of course, as it ¹ I said Croatia must do your homework giving the domestic, such as for example the judiciary, tr ¾ ¹ no competition, and other negotiating chapters. And that Croatia will do this despite the blockade. But in this case with Slovenia, it is a bilateral issue. Its mandate in Croatia this fall start a save. © it&#39;s gonna be Your the main objectives? - I have been here four months and I realized that we are indeed very close and when it comes to cultural heritage and language similarities, we have the similar mentalities. Polish-Croatian relations were very good. We do not have an open question, but we, in a sense, the mail they had to be posveæeniji relations both in political contacts, as well as cultural and economic contacts. So, I intend to sleep You learn all these contacts. Furthermore, Croatia is a country that is on the verge of joining NATO and the EU and it is a natural partner of Poland in many matters.
 Of course, I will specifically be dedicated to economic cooperation and Croatian membership in EU and NATO would give this collaboration a comprehensive legal and financial framework. Economic cooperation is often may hear that the Croatian-Polish political relations are not any problems and they are great. However, the same way may hear that economic relations have not developed as a politician. - Do not you agree em up with that assertion. ® I would say that Polish exports to Croatia, for example, greater than in Britain or the Netherlands. On the Croatian side, Poland is the third country in a particular Insert quantity Croatian capital and investment. I really do not think it&#39;s in poor e. Still may be better, but not in poor e. These relationships tend to improvements ATI and a few months, experts from the Polish were in Croatia in order to researchers or in which sectors in Croatia, the Polish capital could invest. © that you expect when it comes to the future of Polish investments in Croatia? - In the tourist infrastructure, there is much room for cooperation.
 Past year of Croatia visited 400 thousand Polish tourists. Particularly Important to the fact that the number of Polish tourists is growing. In the case of some other countries, a decline in the number of tourists to visit Croatia, but in the case of Polish rising. Other areas which is very suitable for investment and good for both countries is the IT sector. In this sector of the Polish economy is already invested ¾ ila around 20 million euros. It certainly may boost, and since this is a high technology Important for the future. Thirdly, the banking system and deal with insurance. Fourth-cooperation exchanges in Warsaw and Zagreb avi ¹. Many do not know that the ¹ var avska leading stock in the region and that the trade volume greater than in Vienna. So, to start the four sectors. Modern road Will global crisis slow down or postpone planned investment? - Of course the economic crisis changes the plans of many in Europe. We believe that in Poland we have a relatively good economic situation.
 For us it is good to have a great ¹ Internal Markets and mail 38 million inhabitants, the dynamic economy that was before the crisis actually exercised their annual ¹ ¹ growth of six percent. Because we export to many countries that hold the zahvaæene recession, it is clear that it will reflect on us. But we believe that this will be mitigated ¾ eno fact that our economy is in good shape. The Polish government has big plans for road construction and plans to build more mail than a thousand kilometers of highways. In this work could participate and Croatian companies. Will the economic crisis to postpone or delay the Polish road construction? - Poland is indeed much needed modern road infrastructure. It is a business worth billions of euros and all works will go to tender. Tender will be open to them may occur, and the Croatian company. © Concerning ¾-compliance or threatened slowdown in road construction I think that this will not happen regardless of the crisis.
 We have an ambitious plan to modernize the transportation infrastructure in the mail before the European Championships in soccer 2012th in which we sudomaæini. In addition, the Polish economy and Polish society ¹ tvo absolutely necessary to modernize the road. Important and mail to these works have considerable support ¹ home from European funds. What gas crisis the Polish position on the Lisbon Treaty? Past about the procedure in the Sejm, but President Lech Kaczynski wants to not sign until it is solved ¹ and &quot;Irish case&quot;. - In many circumstances the President Kaczynski said that he is not an obstacle to the Lisbon Treaty, but this is Ireland and Ireland as soon as mail and resolve your situation Poland will sign an agreement. So it was no problem for Croatian EU accession and the Croats have no reason to fear that Poland will in any way jeopardize their accession. We mentioned President Lech Kaczynski. He is in the EU and its institutions with a reputation as a Eurosceptic.
 ¾ Finno states it in any way the position of the Polish Union? - Above all, do not consider that the Eurosceptic President Kaczynski. Often emphasized ¹ ¾ avao important opportunity of the European Union and cooperation within the Union. He often traveled to Brussels and the European Council meeting with Prime Minister Donald Tusk has also said bringing you your ability Union. As I understand his position is much more in the mail to the EU must be activated, such as energy policy and energy security. He talks about your age you able joint energy policy within the EU. In the final energy, the gas crisis that hit and Croatia, it turned out to be right. Gas crisis, the Russian-Ukrainian conflict in some reflected on the Polish-Russian relations in the statement of President Kaczynski, who clearly stated that for this conflict is considered Russia accountable? - We need to separate economics from politics and gas. However, it turned out that energy use ¹ complexion as a political tool and it should not be dogadati ubuduæe.
 You most of all is that the EU is the largest holder of the demand of gas and Important is that in this case, speak with one voice. Poland is an EU member, we are neighbors with Russia and we want the best relationship with her. ROCKET © TIT agreement on building missile ¹ protection between the Polish and U.S. was signed. The new president of the United States, Barack Obama, took you long opportunity. What is the current state regarding the implementation of mail protection? - We expect that this project will continue, but the amerièkoj adminsitraciji that decides whether it will continue. Interviewed by Tihomir Pono ¹
 