With the first cold days of spring are increasingly retreats in northern Europe, and the warmth of its occurrence on the southern shores of the continent. Snow, who until recently covered the greater part of the lowland areas of land, now draws more and more into the mountains. From Dalmatia to be nice to see the mountains in neighboring Bosnia, which are still covered did not have snow, but snow is in the higher regions of Mt, dinars or Kamešnica. Ice rain in Lika as a result of inversion Photo: John Toman low temperature, sufficient to preserve the snow cover, there will be some time hold in the higher mountains. For a mere layman knows that the air temperature decreases with altitude and mountainous areas are generally colder than the lowland or coastal. All heat on Earth comes from the sun. The sun&#39;s rays pass successfully through the terrestrial atmosphere, only a small portion of the atmosphere is reflected back into space.
 The larger portion will reach the surface, or sea, any land. Solar radiation by the Earth&#39;s short-wave. When the Earth&#39;s surface receives solar thermal energy, some will be absorbed, and some will reflect back into space by Earth&#39;s long-wave radiation. It was to &quot;return&quot; key to Earth&#39;s radiation temperature of the air in the lower part atmosefere - troposphere. Troposphere is the part of the thick atmosphere of 10-16 km, and located directly above the Earth&#39;s surface. In the troposphere occur almost all meteorological processes. In tropoferi, the normal (average) conditions, air temperature decreases with altitude. This is because the air is not heated directly from the Sun (solar radiation HF), but it heats the ground (earth&#39;s longwave radiation). Inversion of Earth&#39;s surface has a specific function grlijalice. As we continue the same, the temperature will be lower, as we&#39;re closer to the temperature is higher.
 Earth&#39;s longwave radiation is the best way to describe this famous example: The air temperature will significantly faster decline in the serene night (no wind), but the cloudy nights! In winter, cloudy night can never be as cold as bright. This is because at night the Earth&#39;s surface gives off heat, which was received during the day (long-wave radiation of the Earth) and thus the earth&#39;s surface cools. When the atmosphere (troposphere) without clouds, releasing heat to the universe is smooth. In contrast, cloudy night, slow down or even stop the usual drop in air temperature because the clouds kept the heat radiated by the Earth&#39;s surface. Vertical gradient in the normal atmosphere temperature decreases 0.65 ° C every 100m above sea level. It is a common vertkialni temperature gradient (change of temperature with height). If the air temperature decreases and more of these values every 100m it is the nesabilnoj atmosphere in which there are favorable conditions for the creation of the weather.
 But sometimes the atmosphere does not follow its normal rules. In the case of stagnant air temperature with increasing altitude izotermiji talking about, and even when it increases with altitude talking about the temperature inversion. Temperature inversion Temperature inversion occurs most often in clear nights when the Earth receives heat from the sun, but its heat is sent into the atmosphere, longwave radiation. In this way the surface of the earth cools more, and warmer air near the ground some of its heat conducting gives the Earth&#39;s surface. This method of ground-level air is cooled and the temperature level remains unchanged. These processes are more intense and the conditions for the creation and inversion izotermije better if the sky is clear (maksiamlno allows cooling surface), the covenant is weak (to prevent the mixing of warmer and colder air) and low humidity (reduces the possibility of fog that can reduce radiajciju substrate). Some of the effects of winter inversions, especially in Lika, known dogodiliti occurrence of rain that freezes in contact with the ground.
 This happens in temperature inversions, when the soil is 0 ° C or below and above ground is a layer of warmer air in which temperatures are above zero. Precipitation falls through a warm layer (that is dissolved if it was in solid form), but then podhladi passing through the lower cold layer and the droplet freezes into contact with the ground. On the border of the inversion in the colder months of the year knows arise thin layer of clouds that days and weeks can keep the same area, and inversions may contribute to the degree of air pollution in an area as smoke and other exhaust gases can not &quot;break&quot; inversion layer and accumulation of in a given area. Inversion layer feels best paragliders When talking about the appearance of inversion and stable atmospheric measurements once we determine its existence can be sure that it will not happen any lightning or similar disasters. Specifically, the column of air that rises due to warming Earth&#39;s surface (thermals - the basis of some cloud formation), when one encounters an inversion layer will usually stop the rise because the inversion acts as an almost impenetrable layer! In inversion layers, very careful and aircraft, particularly smaller ones, and perhaps the best inversion layer on your skin feel paragliders.
 They use bezmotorske gliding which can only rise with heat and air columns (thermals). Once you get up to (potential) collision with inverted layers describe virtually the same as suddenly hitting the wall! Inversion is more common over the land part of the country but over the Adriatic, in particular the prominent valleys. PROSPECTS OF TIME FOR DALMATIA of 05 DO 12.04. MONDAY, 05.04. Mostly cloudy, there will be only short sunny periods. Occasionally the rain, especially in the first part of the day when it will occasionally be showers, sometimes accompanied by thunderstorms. A little snow can fall in the highest mountains in the Dalmatian part of the second day. Cessation of rainfall throughout the evening. Turn south at a moderate to strong and libecchio ponent, the evenings at a moderate to strong north wind that will be stormy seas. Morning warm temperatures most of 9-14 ° C. Mid-day in the Dalmatian hinterland 8-12 ° C, in the rest of Dalmatia 12-16 ° C.
 Throughout the evening temperatures drop. TUESDAY, 06.04. Mostly sunny in the morning only occasionally with variable cloudiness. Najvjetrovitije will be in the first part of the day when it will blow a moderate and increasing wind, the sea still in the beginning of the storm strikes. The wind will weaken towards the end of the day and evening along the coast will turn to a weak storm. Morning and evening fresher, the minimum air temperature in the hinterland, 2-7 ° C along the coast and islands of 7-11 ° C. The highest daily air temperature 12-17 ° C. WEDNESDAY, 07.04. Mostly sunny. Morning and evening weak winds, the day along the coast of southwestern and weak Westerners, on the northwestern sea. Morning cold! In the hinterland, will occasionally be low frost with minimum temperatures of -2 to 2 ° C along the coast and on islands of 5 to 10 ° C. The highest daily temperature 14-19 ° C. THURSDAY, 08.04. Mostly sunny and dry. the end of the day moderately cloudy. After a morning burin day will zapuahti weak Levant, then south.
 Morning Fresh, highest daily temperatures from 15 to 20 ° C. FRIDAY, 09.04. Something flux time again will be the Friday in which the sea blow south along the coast most of the Levant and the south. Occasionally there will be rain and sučanih period. Morning little warmer, the daily maximum temperature of 13-18 ° C. SATURDAY, 10.04. Partly sunny and mostly dry it will be over Saturday. It is still in the night and morning part of the floating clouds possible light rain. Moderate winds will blow. Morning and evening fresher, daytime 14-19 ° C. SUNDAY, 11.04. Sunday will be partly sunny and dry. Blow to weak to moderate winds and Tramontana. Morning fresh, warm day. Date: 04.04.2010. RADE POPADIĆ at 22h (CROMETEO) E-mail | Comments (0) | Print Retweet Share on Facebook Add a comment Only registered users are entitled to submit a comment.
 