When a world famous rock band for many years the lead singer is the only original member while the rest of the team is constantly exchanged, it is awaited resentment hardened fans except in the case of big hits that no time may not run over. Just such a band is Guns N &#39;Roses to continue without problems full concert halls and whose albums and now has successfully sold, more than you ¹ 100 million from inception to the present group. Famous frontman Axl Rose and his fellow school ¹ Izzy Stradlin in the early 1980s, they went from his native Lafayette, Indiana to Los Angeles and formed the band Rose, later renamed the Hollywood Rose. Other members were guitarist Chris Weber, bassist Andre Roxx and drummer Johnny Kreis. 1984th The Izzy and Axl left the band, Axl access LA Guns, and already next year, in June, along with the members - guitarist Tracii Guns, bassist Ole Beich, drummer Rob Gardner, Izzy Stradlin, and re-formed Guns N &#39;Roses.
 Soon he was replaced by Beich Duff McKagan, and Guns and Gardner Duff&#39;s friends - Slash and Steven Adler. Same 1985th released album Live! * @ Like A Suicide with two of their songs Reckless Life and Move To The City, and two processing Nice Boys (Rose Tattoo) and Mama Kin (Aerosmith). Added to the sound of the audience creates the impression that this is a recording of ¾ ivo. (Click on photo to view uveæani) 1986. Start Their collaboration with record label Geffen Records and the Uzi-Suicide, and the 1987th came out Appetite for Destruction, in the beginning not quite ¹ well prihvaæen, but thanks to videos Sweet Child of Mine (by Axl Rose dedicated to his then mail her girlfriend Erin Everly, which also appears in the video - video see no service), Welcome To The Jungle (soundtrack Dead Pool movie about the famous Inspector Callahan, in which members of the band even statiraju) and Paradise City, the album becomes a multi-platinum best-selling debut album of all time (about 28 million copies).
 Below are touring the U.S. and Monsters of Rock festival in Europe will remain zapamæen the death of two young Ascending ¾ obo. The band ¹ okira public scandals, riots, making you the drugs and alcohol - the song One In A Million, which many called racist. The song is on their mail on their iduæem Lies album from 1988. year., where the well-known ballad Patience. 1991st years was considerably to the band, issued by the sound a lot softer ¹ s album with elements of blues and even classical music, thanks to sudden ¹ favored piano - Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II, and in May Start Their very successfully nu, 28 months long world tour. Steven Adler because of drug problems is being replaced by Matt Sorum from the Cult Groups, and soon left, and Izzy Stradlin. Was replaced by Gilby Clarke. Albums Use Your Illusion bring some of the biggest hits 90-by: ballads Do not Cry, Novemeber Rain and Estranged, which form a kind of trilogy and odskaèu ¾ picturesque, natprosjeèno long (and expensive) spots, while You Could Be Mine (video see no ¾ ) soundtrack to the hit film Terminator 2: Judgement Day with Arnold Schwarzenegger in the lead role, a guest in that video.
 The tour is not lacking in such incidents to the mail being late to performances, calculation of Axl Rose with obo ¾ Ascending in St. Louis and accidents with pirotehnièkim funds on stage. However, these albums occupy the peaks Billboardovih scale, significant and show the band at the Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert in London. 1993. released The Spaghetti Incident?, an album full of processing, such as The Skyliners Since I Do not Have You, Nazareth Hair of the Dog, Is not It Fun from The Dead Boys, to name a few. The last song on the album Look At Your Game, Girl arising by mail from the pen of no less than you ¹ ¹ particular notorious killer Charles Manson. 1994th The Guns record still add a cover of an old Rolling Stones&#39; Sympathy for the Devil for the movie Interview with the Vampire. The band are all gonna æe ¹ friction, the band went Gilby Clarke, and soon after, and Duff McKagan. Slash Slash&#39;s Snakepit formed, and not mail it later with Duff McKagan and Matt Sorum - Velvet Revolver and all you ¹ s works with musicians of different musical expression, from Michael Jackson and Lenny Kravitz, to Fergie and Rihanna recently.
 Rose is a court order won the right to Using the name Guns N &#39;Roses under which today performs with the new members. 1999th The recorded song Oh My God for the movie End of Days. (Click on photo to view uveæani) Significant performances were in 2001. at House of Blues in Las Vegas and the Rock in Rio III, and the MTV Video Music Awards in New York, 2002nd, and toured North America and Europe 2006th and Australia and Japan 2007th year, where they also performed the old songs and newer ones, with the last album Chinese Democracy, which is behind the mail came 23rd 11th 2008th Recording of the latter lasted more mail than ten years and have watched it many problems, frequent changes of management ¾ mint and members, the band in 1997. year were: guitarist Robin Finck, bassist Tommy Stinson, drummer Josh Freese, who will be 2,001th replaced by Brian Mantia, however, even he was not there long reserves ao. Robin Finck 1999th he leaves and takes his place, guitarist Buckethead, a man with a mask and a bucket for piliæe on the head.
 Guitarist Paul Tobias 2,001th ¹ leaving the band comes second guitarist - Richard Fortus. Finck has been since 2000. by 2008. was again in the band, Buckethead left hand 2004th year. Chinese Democracy is more complex and more contemporary album than its predecessor, features a high-quality production, rapid ¹ more complicated synthesizer, and were there any progressive riff (the title track, Riad N &#39;The Bedouins, Better) or emotional texts (Street of Dreams, This I Love) no epic style (There Was a Time, Madagascar), after which the band or else known. So far in the world sold about 5 million copies. Now ¹ her lineup consist of: Axl Rose (vocals, piano), Dizzy Reed (keyboards, piano, synthesizer, prateæi vocals), Tommy Stinson (bass guitar, prateæi vocals), Chris Pitman (keyboards, prateæi vocals), Richard Fortus (leading to rhythm guitar), Frank Ferrer (drums and percussion), Ron &quot;Bumblefoot&quot; Thal (leading and rhythm guitar), and Past the Guns got still add one member, guitarist - DJ Ashbu, who plays in the Sixx: AM
 and embarked on a world tour in the 24th, which will September this year to visit Zagreb. (Click on photo to view uveæani) Although it is very successfully on this tour and follow the trouble like a tornado in Rio de Janeiro, to which the performance was canceled, often to mail delays of concerts, and sometimes wanders and an occasional glass bottle on stage. In addition to the above ¹ six studio albums, the group released an album in you live and compilation: GN&#39;R Live Era &#39;87-&#39;93 1999th and the Greatest Hits 2004th year, and video releases: Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II 1992nd year and Welcome To The Videos. Discography: Studio Albums: (21 07th 1987.) Appetite for Destruction (29 11th 1988.) GN &#39;R Lies (17 09th 1991). Use Your Illusion I (17 09th 1991). Use Your Illusion II (23 11th 1993). The Spaghetti Incident? &quot;(23 11th 2008.) Chinese Democracy Live Albums: (23 11th 1999.) Live Era: &#39;87-&#39;93 Compilation: (25 08 . 1998) Use Your Illusions (23
 04th 2004) Greatest Hits Add this article to you or any of these other ¹ s social network and Related articles Comments (0) Comment
 