We are thrilled with the hotel in the rock and the underground city in Kapadokya, we enjoyed a Petri and admired the pyramids and the sarcophagus of Tutankhamun in Egypt. We were impressed with the holy sites of Jesus&#39; birth, crucifixion and tomb. But we had problems with diarrhea, hotels in the breakup, Syrian customs officials and bloodthirsty ticks in the rooms ... After last year&#39;s times around the world which I had to stop due to a collision and serious knee injury in Siberia, this time I decided on my repaired bike BMW R 1200 GS Adventure go to the Middle East. My wish was to visit Kapadokyju in Turkey, Petra in Jordan, Cairo in Egypt, and Jerusalem and Bethlehem in Israel. Preparations for the trip lasted a month, a visa is needed to remove Syria (in Serbia), Zagreb Egypt, and Jordan and Israel at border crossings. It was planned to go alone husband John and I, but us before departure joined Zoran Bilandžić the BMW Club Split, owner of the BMW R 1200 GS
 Adventure on two wheels began departing from Split to Bosnia and Herzegovina. First we stopped in Sarajevo, eating grilled meat dumplings for lunch in Bascarsija and then headed over Romanija to Belgrade. At the goal we arrived around midnight, passing on that day, 650 km. Dane waited for us and Koma, also world travelers on motorcycles. From Belgrade, we went early because we had a long breakfast, and only about noon and headed for Turkey. The aim was to Istanbul, but we are due to delays and high rainfall throughout Bulgaria, only 23 hours in the evening to the town Endire, the first city in Turkey after the Bulgarian border. For all those who will maybe one day a go of it, Let us say that we have passed the check point 3 on the Turkish border. So we went on another 700 km, and the fuel I poured in Bulgaria, knowing that the Turks are looking for an absurd 2 euros for a liter of gasoline. Installation of GPS rain we were watering the next day on the road to Istanbul, where we arrived around 13 pm and immediately went to Teknomobil us to incorporate GPS devices for satellite tracking.
 As it lasted, we were in Istanbul to evening and in the meantime visited the Grand Bazaar, a place where they sell all sorts of things. We came across even to people who speak Croatian - precisely the local Macedonians who helped us find cheap accommodation. From Istanbul to Kapadokya (760 miles) we took 8 hours. On the way there were alternated seasons - it was on some sections plus 30 degrees, and areas with rain and cold winds. In Kapadokya are tired entering the 1001 Night of the hotel where the rooms are carved in stone, and breakfast is served on request in a wooden cottage on a tree. The next day we were delighted by the marvelous scenery and the rock formed by volcanic eruptions. We were pleasantly surprised by the beauty and the nearby underwater city on eight floors. It was created because there was long ago hid Christians fleeing Muslims. However, tourists can only come to 5 levels, remained closed for the collapse.
 Residents were made for constant danger of primitive communications system through the holes in the walls, and they are also used for ventilation. Even at night the cook not to reveal the location, which might have caused the attack Muslims. Crossing the 560 km, the next day we come in Haleba in Syria. Although we paid $ 39 per motor insurance, entry into this country was unexpectedly spectacular - we were all waving and blowing, as they are not at all accustomed to them coming riders. Hotel City Centre is unfortunately unable to decay ... In my hand is broken latch from the door, so I eventually had to break to take things. In the new room I sat down to some sort of chair, but she collapsed and well I shouted back. Still, we paid $ 35 for 2 rooms. Engines have not even unpacked, we all left the hotel, hoping the thief will not be when darkness falls. Room - a nest of ticks Fortunately, no one has not won anything, so the morning went to Damascus, the capital of Syria.
 We have come a 370 km and stayed in a hotel with air conditioning and TV. But, for a price of $ 50 for 2 people and we get unexpected guests - bugs like ticks. We immediately raised a panic because their base was in - my pillow. Našpricao I have Autan for mosquitoes, causing their mass escape from the pad. Zoki and I have killed a dozen of these &#39;vampires&#39; full of blood. The receptionist at our call indeed came to see what happens, but from unknown reason we did not want to kill. We got in the meantime a new room without a bloodsucker, a shower again and then carefully review the merchandise that is not who remained. We have learned that they are Syrian bugs you do not smash your head into the body as a European ticks, but like mosquitoes suck blood and leave. The next day some people came deratizirati room, and we are headed for Lebanon. Unfortunately, the problem arises for us to exit from Syria. Paperwork we had to go, but our officer asked us where the visa for Lebanon.
 We did not even have, believing that it will easily solve the tamošnjoj border. The Syrians, however, it did not like, even got angry and did not want us to let without visas, which is absurd. Seeing that we are in trouble without fault, to help us then rescue Christian Aida and her mother, Tabitha, both from Beirut. One phone call customs in Lebanon, and from there sent a message - let them come Croats, we can solve the visa. However, a Syrian of such a solution, does not want to hear. We&#39;re losing that 5 hours in a stalemate position, so he decides to return to Damascus. He simply could not head through the wall of the Syrian ... Passion in the border We asked that we return to $ 42 we paid for the release, which is logical given that we did not quit. Instead, here is a new absurd - as soon as we started engines, we charge the Syrians - entrance fees, insurance, Carne, as we have already left the country ... Contest has proven fruitless, so we again paid $ 40.
 We rushed raging to another border with Jordan, with confirmation that we have already paid for the exit. Hopes were in vain - for the second crossing the Syrian border officials say cold-blooded as this paper is not available. That is not true for the output, but would again need to pay $ 42 ... From the principles I was arguing with him, and yet caved in after an hour. In some kind of traffic we get the seal, left Syria and arrived in Jordan. There was no problem, but the bill for the entrance was even $ 80 per engine. In Amman we arrived around 19 pm, tired of unnecessary problems and debates on the boundaries. Even we have not slept properly since we got stomach aches. The &#39;translation&#39; - caught in the diarrhea, because we buy high-heat cold water to the road and suddenly saw. This caused problems with bowel and long-term stays in the toilet. There was no choice but to buy tablets for diarrhea. I drank as much as 4 tablets and then we went to Petra, located 250 km.
 I admit, I hardly rode it, although it is not a long journey. The reason was my high temperature of 40 degrees, these tablets is contraindicated. Fortunately, in Petri Sella hotel was pleasant (3 stars), and Lekadol me at the end slightly lower temperatures. Because of this, I contacted the SMS messages in Croatia and Dr. Mislav Rakića who reassured me. The next day my balance improved, but Zoki now in trouble with diarrhea ... A trip of Peter was a lovely and unforgettable. It is a city in the rock, a ticket is 180 kuna (21 dinar) and there really is something to see. All the buildings, and there are 10-odd, carved into the rock ... Impressive desert scenery of Petra to Aqaba. With the camels lie, but the sand, carried by strong side winds, penetrating through the helmet visor and I feel it in your mouth. In Aqaba, we wanted to get on the ferry at noon, but we were late, so wait for the next at midnight. Sailed with a 2 hour delay we arrived in Egypt only at 5 am.
 In the harbor we met the Egyptian Moustapha Sadr, who kindly took us to the camp Devils Head (Ras Shetan), soft for divers. Bathe in dresses is a great heat (42 C), and the sea too warm for swimming. My husband John bathed in costume, which was a bit offended local Bathers, entering the sea in long black robes and feredžama. But there was no problem, was on the beach and excursions from Israel. They are expensive and we guarded armored personnel carrier and 10-odd soldiers, just in case. We slept in the straw house, bathed in the morning again, and direction to the Dahab tourist destination, full of lagoons. Here I have to dehydration from diarrhea decided infusion. I got it at a pharmacy with a cocktail of injections, which cost 33 euros. We spent the night in Dahab, the next day passed through the tunnel under the Suez Canal and arrived in Cairo, where we stayed 3 days. In the capital city of Egypt with 6.8 million inhabitants and 10 more outside the city, the government traffic chaos.
 Interestingly, the roads have a maximum of Volkswagen, and Zastava stojadin. Traffic lights were thought of nouns, in the center of the incredible crowd. We paid a taxi driver to take us drive to the Hotel Europa in the street Pyramid. Hotel name has nothing to do with reality - it&#39;s all dirty, and the price is high - $ 60. The next day we were Khaleb Al-Muyta, whom we accidentally met on the street leading to the Delta hotel with 4 stars. Fortunately, we got the price as the Egyptians (30 dollars). In the morning we were, riding on camels, admire the pyramids 5000 years old. In front of the three pyramids, the eternal resting place of Pharaoh, Sphinx guards high 20 long and 73 m, facing east. The pyramids are huge and it seems unlikely that they were built by slaves. More likely to have been built by construction engineers who used precise mathematical calculations, and tools, with the knowledge of astrology. I say this because each huge stone block that looks like it was laser breaks.
 A miracle. Obasi, we also pharaohs and mummies museum in downtown Cairo. At the entrance we were, however, seized cameras and camcorders. I was not particularly affected, because I realized early desire and the closer he saw the golden sarcophagus of Tutankhamun, as well as his golden death mask. On returning to the hotel a new trouble, I was at the reception and saw at first no digital camera or a wallet. We looked around the room, but we did not find anything. We immediately thought it through to the theft and called the tourist police, but in the end it turned out that I am wrong, no nothing has been stolen. Specifically, the heat exhausted, I wrapped mahinalno things in the bedding. Everything I found later, when it was too late - but I called the bank and ordered them to block credit card. So in the end I myself shut the flow of money and had to call in Split to send me money Western Union. Wedding in Cairo interesting we saw a wedding at our hotel in Cairo.
 It took only 2 hours, instead of alcohol, wedding guests were drinking water, a substitute for lamb is piceta, and we act normal krokant 3 cookies .... Through a rigorous review of the Sinai just come from Cairo to the Israeli border near the town of Elata. At the entrance to a thorough check, which I have never experienced, even in Russia. First, the suitcases full of things to go through X-ray. Then we remove all of them, so things are empty, and again passed through X-ray luggage. We also went through the X-ray, followed by a physical search. Engines are left in a special room and they are reviewing them carefully. All souvenirs are unpacked, even separated by a sock socks. They were polite policemen, but they are now dark when they saw a box of Garminovog GPS. Inside, in fact I put a spare brake pads, so they at first looked like a bomb. All this lasted for 5 hours, but we all pregrmili.
 In Israel, everything is different than in the Arab world, literally looks like on another planet. Although it must be said that all military, police, walls, barbed wire, checkpoints, therefore, not very pleasant. We drove along the Dead Sea to Jerusalem, but we still spend the night in Bethlehem in Palestine (Hotel Alexander), because the prices are free hotel in the capital of Israel were too high. During the purchase of souvenirs we met Palestinian Yasser Aset, which is a travel guide and speak Serbian because his ex-wife from Belgrade. It tells us that year but was not fired and the situation is great. Guide Yasser Yasser us the next day led to the place of Jesus&#39; birth in a cave above which the large church was built in the shape of a cross. Beneath the altar down to the place where Jesus was born, and opposite the place where he, after a year and a half days on the road camels, three wise men came to worship. The church is normally divided into 3 parts - a Christian, and Armenian Orthodox.
 Each has its own altar and the church within the church roof. Yasser told us that in that cave lived Saint Jerome, known for having translated the Bible into Latin. And Jerome was born in Dalmatia, and for him to say he was very temperamental and nervous ... We did not miss to see the field where the comet appeared, and the angel announced the birth of Jesus, the shepherds. It was fascinating to see it all together, and we spent a pleasant evening away with Yasser new family. In Jerusalem, we decided to stay for several days, so we visited a church built on Golgotha, the place where Jesus was crucified and buried. At the entrance stands a stone slab on which they laid Jesus after the cross was removed, and many with trepidation to touch and kiss. We saw under the altar, and the hole where he was stuck Cross, after which we entered the small church built on the rock - the tomb of Jesus. We descended the stairs into the basement of some kind because they are in a hole 8 feet deep by the Romans threw garbage and the cross of Jesus.
 Saint Helena is in your age population to pay the amount trash until they find the cross. It was then transported to the Vatican, where it is today. We did not miss with Yasser visit the Wailing Wall where Jews pray, pull hair and beat his head against a wall. Alexander hotel owner helped us a lot and told all Croatians to come to visit and feel at home. The next day we were sitting on the engine and went for a swim in the Dead Sea, located 400 meters below sea level. Tickets for the beach will cost $ 9 per hour, but it feels unique. More is a warm 40-odd degrees on the surface as it lies on a water cushion, no chance to sink. Swimming on the breast is more difficult because the body ejects the way up. The flavor of the sea is sloppy because 30 percent more salt. And that only if the eyes are baked poštrapate, to say nothing ... Zokijev birthday we celebrated in Jaserovoj house with cake and HRT program via satellite.
 As his wife works in the SOS Children&#39;s Village, where kids without parents, we visited the place. Received by us is the director and Obasi have all 12 houses inhabited by surrogate mothers with 7 children. Most of them have one sponsor in the world to them each month is paid a certain sum. The house No. 5 I liked the 4-year-old Hazem Asan, so I decided to sponsor him and pay him 50 euros per month. Stupid tourist on the beach of the Dead Sea, I made a clever, so I wanted to enter the water through the side, slightly away from the official steps. I then fell into the mud up to my knees and I barely managed to free the leg. While I was thus pulled from the clutches of the mud, the other tourists from Israel have me thinking podsmjehivali safe - however see the silly tourists ... Many of them are medical purposes or that mud on the body because they think that is healing. Halo is born ... When it came time departure, we are forgiven of Yasser and his family and drove to Haifa.
 Waiting for the green light at the intersection, we begin the story of Israel Mose Berkowichem (56) on a motorcycle BMW R 1200 GS, and with his help we bought a ticket for the ferry to Cyprus. He retired, but he told us that he was an Israeli paratrooper in 4 wars. When he said that he loves basketball and our Radja, I called Dina a mobile phone because we know from bajkerskih circles, and Mose is delighted with him briefly told. On the ferry with a crew from India, the voyage from Haifa to Cyprus was a few people - three of us Croats, and a biker from Austria Georg Haglmayer and his wife Helga. However, we noticed a passenger with no luggage and we were convinced that a member of the Israeli secret service, responsible for our funeral. It may be cheating, but he traveled without a car and engine. On entering the Cyprus retain a lot of time and pay 80 euros per engine. In the Greek part of the city were told not to go in the Turkish part is taking the ferry.
 Of course we did not hear, but we still went there, paying at the door for 30 euros. The ferry to Turkey, we had to wait 2 days, so we built a tent by the sea. There are a Turkish Fez drank beer and met interesting Germans - a married couple and one of their friends for 12 years in the truck, converted into a house on wheels, traveling around the world. When boarding the ferry we were joined by a group of 20 Turkish riders, who spent the weekend driving in Cyprus with his BMW and Harley-Davidson motorcycles. The ferry is small, so we have a good roll on the high seas during the 7 hours of sailing. Finally at home as soon as we landed in Tasucu, we followed the path of Istanbul 950 km away. It was a little too much, so we prevaljenih after 300 km on poor roads, others sleep in an abandoned house near the gas pumps. We killed about 3 hours and then again mounted on the engine and the direction of Istanbul.
 We thought that night in the city Erdin near the border, but we decided to pull through Bulgaria to Belgrade. We went that day, 1680 km, they found it with Dan and coma, dead tired and then lay down in bed. The next day drive to Split and again one is always the same, a nice feeling coming home after a 10,500 km ....
 