In the first referendum in Iceland since independence 1944th year, public opinion could not be clearer: the 93.5% of ballots had been rounded up options by which Iceland will not pay back the foreign investors in the failed Icesave bank. Finally, what is the parliament of Iceland decided late last year, does not sound pleasant: the speculation the bank manager Icesave now turns out that each of the approximately 320 000 inhabitants of Iceland&#39;s foreign depositors required about 11 000 euros. This means around 100 euros per month and the next eight years. Even the President of Iceland Olafur Grímsson was restrained by the decision of the government and parliament, but on the eve of the referendum last Saturday (6.3.) It was unclear what the outcome will be. Island is an island - but not the other planets Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: It turned out that a clear &#39;NEI&#39; - but Iceland needs money! And while the Icelandic Prime Minister Jóhanna Sigurdardottir refused even get to this referendum, calling it &quot;absurd&quot;, yet this outcome has created true theater of the absurd in the European Union.
 Of course, almost all the newspapers in the Netherlands and the UK poured drvlje and stones at the &quot;stubborn islanders&quot; that would &quot;have to pay&quot; if you ever want to be a member of the European Union. But even the membership is not the biggest problem: people can not simply decide on a referendum that the debt does not exist. And if Iceland decides not to turn to service their debts, then it means that the interest on money that Iceland wants to borrow on world capital markets, fly the sky. A credit will be Island: past, 2009. year&#39;s GDP fell by as much as 8% at best this year will be around zero. This means that it urgently needs more than $ 4.6 billion requested by the IMF, but you will get only when agreement is reached about the role of foreigners in the fallen bank Icesave. Cautious words from Reykjavik Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: &#39;We will not, but we will not ...
 In short, let us negotiate! &quot;Because the president of Iceland Grímsson, as far as he was an opponent of government decision on returning the debt to the 2024th, after the referendum carefully apply his every word and relativize what the citizens decide. They reject what the Government has decided, but the fact that decision, no one is talking. Specifically, according to the decision was planned and relatively generous benefits to investors from the Netherlands and Great Britain, where their role would continue to arrive even interest from 5.5% while the debt is fully paid. To that extent, and Icelandic Finance Minister Sigfusson primarily wants to negotiate: &quot;It&#39;s not a matter of days or weeks, but it is important to reach an agreement as soon as possible.&quot; &quot;Let them join the EU!&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Iceland joining the EU, there is another, European pravila.Jer except IMF loan, the question of Iceland&#39;s debt can be easily converted and a tool of political calculation in the UK and Iceland.
 In both countries the upcoming parliamentary elections - in May and June, but the current political leadership in The Hague and London was much more relaxed than media headlines and are ready for further negotiations. British finance minister Darling said it was clear that it would take &quot;many, many years&quot; as the Island does not return the money to foreign clients, but when it comes to accession to the European Union, Iceland&#39;s Darling is clear: London wants to &quot;Island is part of Europe.&quot; Because, just as the two countries may make it difficult to put Iceland in the EU, Iceland&#39;s membership in the Union will be bound by that country and to keep European regulations. This opinion is shared in Brussels: Enlargement Commissioner Füle zatoizjavio to this dispute &quot;will have no impact&quot; on the assessment of the readiness of Iceland to join the EU. Author: A. Subic (dpa / AP / FTD) Re. office: Andrea Jung-Grimm
 