The mayor of Modi&#39;in Illit, places with 39 800 inhabitants and 20 km. away from Jerusalem, Jaakov Gutermann, not ready for talks. Journalists and managers of construction companies have it in early September unsuccessfully sought; disappeared without a trace. His secretary said that it is possible to find after the Jewish holidays at that time was in progress. Cessation of settlement construction is prohibitive for Gutermannov immigrant city in the West Bank is a decisive date. Probably not Gutermann I do not know what will happen next after the ban expires, so maybe that is why it is not ready for talks. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The Israeli children in the settlement of the Palestinian area of 50 000 religious Israelis living in the village which is located halfway between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv. Almost none of the village over the past 20 years has not been built so quickly like this.
 Women in Modi&#39;in Illit, on average, by eight children born. One city that is evolving so fast, he can not stand the ban on construction. Mixers at the facility Modi&#39;in Illit is indeed the real city. Floor building and you šestokatnice with balconies and elevators are located on the rocky hill. The place is apparently located in the Palestinian territories, west of the wall between the West Bank and Israel. In fact, this city, but now belongs to Israel. According to estimates, an architect who built the more than 20 years, during the construction ban had been active for four large companies that are executed by finishing the 600 flats which were built before the ban on further construction. Bildunterschrift: The construction work mostly Palestinians by the building that housed the city administration is concrete mixer. Here are the ongoing construction works on the school whose izgradja allowed during the ban because the public institutions continue to be built.
 Rafi was the manager. While the Three Masons, the Palestinians, giving further instructions, says that currently there are no problems. &quot;We Palestinians are doing, and build for us. You see those workers out there? They are also Palestinians. You work to earn a living. Are not interested in anything else.&quot; Politics is for big, not small. They have to earn money so they can buy something for food, &quot;says Rafi. in a shopping center in Modi&#39;in Illit encountered Orthodox Jews, men with black hats in white shirts. They buy groceries for the upcoming holiday. Etan&#39;el sales rose.&quot; All affectation about the prohibition of construction of settlements are totally stupid and insignificant. How to whom the construction is stopped, the end will again be resumed. This does not achieve anything, &quot;says Etan&#39;el. Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The settlement east of Jerusalem where Jews live from the State Compensation In Etan&#39;el says Benny.
 In front of him are colorful posters depicting Jerusalem and the Wailing Wall. Benny lives in Gilou, a suburb of Jerusalem, a place that is as Modi&#39;in Illit is located in the Palestinian territories. &quot;It really does not interest me. I have your apartment and your peace. There is no difference between whether that interest me or not,&quot; he says. For most of the ban on construction of the political &quot;threshing empty straw.&quot; Itai was only angry because the ban construction. &quot;Of course it has its own meaning. Here is a lot of people waiting to get a flat. There are buildings that are built regardless of what people paid for their construction. Many do not know on what are, &quot;said Itai. Zaken Amir is director of the construction of the&quot; Neot Hapisga. Zaken in Modi&#39;in Illit planned to build 2000 dwellings. However, work is not performed because of the ban on construction. &quot;When the government makes a decision, then need to make a decision about taking responsibility and pay reparations to those who were affected by the ban on construction, &quot;says Zaken.
 His firm is in Modi&#39;in Illit has invested 30 million euros, prepared soil, water supply and sewerage. Zaken Amir of the State seeking 30 million euros in damages. The Committee is responsible for these issues has rejected his request. Amir is concerned. Poor sleep and I do not know how to pay their workers. In his letter which was sent to state institutions, the Mayor of Modi&#39;in Illit to the prime Netanjahua, he is not no one answered. Author: Sebastian Engelbrecht / Mehmed Smajić Re. Editor: Zeljko Telišman
 