In commemorating the 30th anniversary of the blessing of the church building and Croatian martyr of the fatherland, and the feast of Bl. Stepinac, eng. martyr of the fatherland and a patron of this parish, his eminence Cardinal. Joseph Bozaniæ visited Toronto. Thousands of believers, members of CAN. community, Poe. Canadian guests, as well as special guests from the country attended numerous events. Evening 12th February 2010th in a crowded hall, &quot;Living Arts Centre in&quot; more than 1200 visitors enjoyed the solemn concert unique Tambura Orchestra under the direction of Sinisa Leopold, in the voice of one of the best eng. Soloists, Dani Stipanièeva. The celebration of the parish continued on Saturday 13 February solemn evening and special programs, &quot;Pearson Convention Centre in&quot;, which is its presence uvelièao the Zagreb Archbishop Cardinal. J. Bozaniæ, representatives of the Toronto archdiocese, representatives of the Canadian Government, and dipl. Representatives of the Republic of Croatia. After prayers and dinner speeches were given by: Pastor I.
 Reparinac as host, his eminence Cardinal VLE. I. Kecerin, VLE. Vukšiæ I., and S. A. Radan. The guests were then entertained Tamburaši and soloist Ð. Stipanièev, and then came the second part of the speech. Joy and honor it was to hear the Mayor of Mississauga Ms. Hazel McCallion, which is all inspired by his speech, thus testifying how well you know the Croats of the area. Participants were greeted and B. Dechert, a representative of the Canadian Government, the Labour Minister P. Fonseca, and finally, occasional speeches were held in VLP Vesela Mrden Koraæ and GK Ljubinko Matešiæ. Sv. Mass in the parish of Croatian martyr of the fatherland in Mississauga, 14 February 2010th and in honor of our Blessed. Stepinac was led by the Cardinal. J. Bozaniæ. GK RC organized a farewell lunch for the Cardinal. Bozaniæa Wednesday 17 February, which was attended by all our parish priests and staff of the Consulate. Appropriate words of gratitude for this landmark meeting guests addressed the meeting host, GK Matešiæ that Cardinal Bozaniæu uruèio modest gift in memory of visit to Canada.
 On the handles are all priests attended eng. parishes in southern Ontario, gk Lj Matešiæ and wife Roberta, and all employees of the consulate.
 