In Brazil, eagerly await the results of Sunday&#39;s general elections in which, apart from MPs, elected successor to President Lula da Silva, the most popular politicians in a democratic country in the world. According to recent studies Agency Data Folha in the leadership, and with 51%, 63-year-old Dilma Vana Rousseff from the Labour Party which is a member of Da Silva who is no longer a candidate for his second term expires at year&#39;s end. Obama: &quot;I love this guy!&quot; Her victory may seem to in the first round would be delighted and the Bulgarian public, which is very closely following the election campaign, because it is the daughter of Bulgarian immigrants. D. Rousseff is known for being the end of 60-it was the guerrilla detachments Command of national liberation, extreme left organizations that fought against the military dictatorship that came to power pučem 1961st and all survived until 1985. Because of his ardent paramilitary involvement was known as the &quot;Joan of Arc subversion&quot;.
 Its advantage is that it is strongly involved in the campaign of outgoing president. Lula da Silva, a former trade union activist and a fierce fighter against the military junta, social and economic programs of poverty for 20 million out of a total of 192 million Brazilians, and another 28 million has been introduced in the middle class. Before leaving the function of his popularity in Brazil 81%, about popularity among the world&#39;s statesmen to testify as to the April meeting of the G-20 Barack Obama said to him: &quot;I love this guy!&quot; It is possible to match a woman? In the general elections in Brazil, the fifth most populous country in the world, except the President shall be elected by the governors in all 26 states, all 513 deputies in the National Congress and 54 of 81 representatives in the Senate. The first companion survey to the Silvinoj party colleague is José Serra, candidate of Brazilian Social Democratic Party and former governor of Sao Paulo, which is the eve of the election in favor 31% of voters.
 The third, however the popularity of Marina Silva, a former member of the Labour Party, and now Green Party candidate. As Marina Silva before crossing the Green Party was the head of a prominent left-wing and environmentally-oriented Labor Party, and there are indications that the D. Rousseff just before the exit polls of voters in one fell popularity, not be excluded that the possible second round placed two women - former and current Da Silva&#39;s colleague. The current president of our country have done very much. Once too much debt and depleted giant now has a GDP growth of 7.5%, foreign exchange reserves of 214 billion dollars, a somewhat curbed and clearing the Amazon rainforest.
 