ZURICH - Swiss bank does not want dirty money in its accounts. &quot;Tax sinners&quot; are sent to the tax advisers. Experts however say that some of the tax evader eventually do so, reports Deutsche Welle. In early August, a private bank Sarasin in Basel, has announced that he no longer wanted in their books have dirty money. And big banks like Credit Suisse and UBS have already decided last spring to send tax sinners tax advisors. One of these tax advisor to Jan Olaf Leisner. He assumes that these are just empty promises of banks. - My impression is that most banks are still skeptical and consultants Auto login because investors fear that they might lose their money, &quot;says Leisner. I bank Credit Suisse since February against dirty money. International pressure on Swiss banks because of their secret is not to leave any impression of them. Not even a CD with stolen bank details, which are currently handled German tax investigators, not permanently scare investors even led to the exodus of customers from Switzerland.
 It happened just the opposite: the European monetary crisis has increased the popularity of Switzerland as a banking center. Only Bank Sarasin collected more than six billion Swiss francs of new investors, a group of private bank Julius Bär more than three billion. Swiss banking expert Manuel Ammann of the University of St. Gallen Switzerland considers that competitiveness depends not only on the secrets of banks. - Especially in recent months has shown that other factors such as the strong currency, political, security and good government finance can be important and affect the inflow of money into the country says Ammann. Switzerland wants to continue to help the tax authorities in finding a tax evader. But the system of automatic exchange of data, some requests of the EU, Switzerland refuses. To the Swiss division assist the tax investigators, they must have concrete suspicions. In cases of stolen bank records do not want to interfere, however, because the Swiss banks increased safety standards, making it almost impossible for employees unfairly transfer of banking data.
 Because the tax sinners feel safe in Switzerland. This is probably why most of them do not want to accept help from a tax attorney. Leiner estimates: &quot;The number of those who do not come to us is dark. But it is surely the most. I am convinced that most of those who have been here 10 or 20 years saved money, they think: if it went well so far, then surely the next 10 or 20 years. Almost two thirds of those who come to me or one of my colleagues on the advice, finally surrender Auto login, and the other third is not. But there may come a second time. &quot;Banking expert Ammann think it will still take a while for most of the dirty money in Switzerland&quot; clean &quot;. It depends primarily on the new guidelines on official assistance for failure of tax, under which only the heavy tax sinners be put to an end. Ammann said: &quot;The probability that the finding is very small. Because many of whose money has long been deposited in Switzerland do not want anything to change and any changes to leave their children.
 But I think the new trend is very clear, although it would certainly be a long process. &quot;Bitno.ba | Fena
 