For decades, Liu Xiaobo is one of the best known critic of the communist system in China. For nearly two years he is in prison. The prison walls are nothing new for this 54-year-old unbreakable will. In an interview with German television ARD 2007th recalled his first arrest - asphyxia during the democratic movement in China 1989th year. &quot;I drove the bike home. It was around midnight. He followed me a car and eventually forced me to stop. From the car came off a group of men. Tied my eyes, tied me up and thrown into a car. The whole atmosphere was intimidating. I was really afraid. I had no idea where they will take me. I thought it would take me somewhere and just shoot. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Liu Xiaobo, a photograph from 2004. The unusually strong will of the young assistant professor of literature in 1989. joined by students who demanded democratization in China. Almost two years in prison he was not, however, scared.
 The new arrests came in 1995. and 1996. But the force insists that gave him a sense of obligation towards the victims of the Tiananmen Square. &quot;During the fourth protest June killed many innocent people. I think that as the survivors have to fight for justice instead of the dead. I have a sense of obligation to the dead, and it can not be free. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: The wife of the new Nobel laureate Liu Xia end of 2008. Liu Xiaobo was arrested again, as the main driver of the Charter 08 in which it sought political modernization of China, which was released on the 60th anniversary of the adoption of Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The signatories demanded the division of powers into legislative, executive and judiciary, freedom of opinion and a multiparty system. His wife, Liu Xia said that this summer had already suspected that the Communist Party for 08 of the Charter of hard to punish her husband. &quot;Many would have given up on the site.
 But Xiaobo has an unusually strong will. If he believes in a goal, will go this route, even if you do not know exactly how it can never reach. He is incredibly stubborn. &quot;Constipation is a &#39;business risk&#39; In the meantime, the dissident Charter 08 signed by more than 10,000 Chinese. But, at Christmas 2009. Liu Xiaobo was sentenced to 11 years in prison for &quot;subversive activities&quot;. His statement in a Beijing hotel in August 2007. now sounds prophetic: &quot;I once said that the business risk of losing the freedom of dissident and came under surveillance. It&#39;s part of his profession as a dissident. In the eyes of others you may have a large or a hero. But, you must be aware that this is your choice. These can also deal with other things, earning money as a trader or a teacher. But as soon bring this decision, you must take risks to oppose the pressure with optimism, confidence and calm. &quot;Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Tiananmen Square 1989th
 Liu Xiaobo was serving a sentence in a prison about 500 kilometers northeast of Beijing. Once a month he is being allowed to visit. On the eve of the Nobel Prize China has strongly opposed the awards its dissidents. President of the Norwegian Nobel Committee said it had openly threatened negative consequences for relations of Norway and China. And for such a scenario is Liu Xiaobo gave an answer early as 2007. &quot;Some European politicians fear that the debate on human rights could harm economic relations. I look at it differently. Political relations between China and Japan are very tense. But trade between the two countries represents a large part of China&#39;s trade volume. By this it is evident that these two things have to one another no connection. &quot;Author: Matthias von Hein / Anto Janković Re. eds: D. Dragojevic
 