Vladimir Cvijanović * that the situation in Croatia agree to the crisis and policy-makers. Current socio-economic problems that have dragged on for years, of which the said de-industrialization, high unemployment with low employment rate and the consequent accumulation of deficits (general government budget deficit from 4% of GDP, the current account deficit of 5.2% GDP and public debt of around 50%) were even more pronounced due to the global economic crisis. Therefore, the Croatian Government 19th April this year, presented &quot;The Economic Recovery&quot;, which was shortly thereafter amended &quot;the plan of implementing the activities program of economic recovery.&quot; This is the most comprehensive package of measures in the mandate of Prime Minister Kosor. Although the public for some time expected the reforms to halt the negative trends in the domestic industry is waiting with them until now. The reason for this is to consolidate political power in the hands of Prime Minister after the sudden departure last year of former Prime Minister Sanader.
 Programme of measures is now inevitable and politically opportune, given the need for re-revised budget in the crisis-depressed domestic economy and with a possible imminent completion of negotiations with the European Union and the upcoming elections 2011th g. On the other hand. With signs of recovery of the domestic economy in the second half of 2010. year due to growing demand among our trading partners of the current government would welcome a program that gave her the wind in the sails of the current political course. The programs, however, lacks an adequate response to the challenges we face. Given that the effects of its implementation is strongly reflected in the years that followed, it is important to examine what we offer. WHAT explicitly and imply &quot;PROGRAM&quot; THE GOVERNMENT? &quot;The program is divided into an introductory section where, in short, emphasizes state of the economy, the possible consequences if there is no change of policy and purpose of the program as a goal and possible directions for action.
 The main part of the &quot;program&quot; is divided into three main parts: 1) change the role of the state (with three sub-areas: fiscal policy, public administration and management of state property), 2) support for recovery and growth (the revival of economy, promotion of the Croatian economy, reform the judiciary and more dynamic labor market), and 3) responsibility towards future generations (education and science, space and environment, the social security system). &quot;The plan implementation activities ...&quot; complements the 27 slides of &quot;program&quot; written in the form of entries, and therefore these two documents should be understood as a whole. The &quot;plan&quot; to each of the sub-program develops with regard to ownership, enforcement activities, authorities and service. But at first glance it is evident that all these measures can not be classified under the common denominator of recovery in economic activity but rather belong in the domain of regular jobs, the good part of being inspired to join the EU.
 A good example of that argument the elaboration of the domain name &quot;concerns about space and the environment&quot;, which even the best worked out - but only thanks to its previous commitments for the elaboration of the Republic of Croatia to the EU. Also, we should not emphasize the absurdity of the situation in which the state does not know how many employees have in their sector, or which has the property - and the program re-emphasizes that this must be done. The disadvantage of this program as a whole is a general lack of data on the projected funds for its implementation, the ambiguity of the coordination of state bodies and analysis of their effects. Because of the comprehensiveness of the measures envisaged by this program here will still keep the commentary of those that are directly related to economic activity. From the overall program of the Government is very clear from the settlement of public finances in the short term, in which for example include: the recent abolition of the crisis tax on all incomes, the introduction of three (instead of four) income tax rates (12%, 25% and 40%), elimination of almost all tax exemptions on income taxes and provision for all accrued and unpaid obligations from the &quot;domain influence the Government.&quot;
 A slightly more refined elements of a program lost in the parts relating to the direct contributions of the revival of economic activity, labor market as well as related areas of education and science and the social protection system. In particular understanding of certain actions is further hampered the use of general phrases. The program correctly identifies the importance of increasing the efficiency of public administration and modification of fiscal policy, which aims to achieve reduction and revenue and expenditure side of the budget. However ishitrenost which these objectives to be achieved there is no basis in the situation analysis and projection of the needs of our society. For example the register of public sector employees should be made until the end of March 2011. while &quot;[d] onošenje plan to reduce the number of employees by approximately 5 percent of the development plan for redundant staff, retraining, and in public administration, introduction of clause 2 for 1 (one went for two new employees) will be completed in November 2010 (ie 4 months ago!).
 As regards the system of income tax of its elements of fairness and consistency to lose the mini tax reform which reverses current progressivity of the income tax and favors a narrow layer of rich citizens. Specifically people with incomes up to gross 22.800kn will have a higher net income for the most 360kn (compared to the old net income, before the &quot;crisis tax&quot; - but without the tax relief that will no longer be valid!). Those whose gross income in the range of 22.800kn to ca. 42 800 will have to pay more taxes than before, while people with gross incomes above 42.800kn receiving the highest increase, and the relative and absolute [1]. Average less taxing citizens will therefore reduce the revenue of local government taxes on income, without preliminary analysis of these effects and without consultation with local and regional government. This will affect the further centralization of the state and the weakening of local and regional levels, which have important economic, social and ecological function.
 On the other hand, the abolition of tax relief individuals Government confirms the short-term horizon of throw (almost) all the trump cards in public spending in the short term. In fact the current tax credits are in addition to providing higher income citizens aimed to encourage savings and capital markets (through recognition of the costs of health, life and pension insurance from the third pillar) or the housing of citizens (the tax recognition of interest on housing loans). Vis-à-vis the tax relief program is an inconsistency in the fact that they are still allows companies to pay the third pillar. The program further plans to reduce government services for persons who have supplemental insurance, no one knows what will all refer to the proposed rationalization of health care unless it can be assumed that aim to reduce costs.
 The program only nominally, quote, &quot;suggests that, recognizing the strengths and exploiting opportunities, restore the economy on a path of sustainable growth, comprehensive and consistent program of measures and activities whose results will be visible both in the short, medium or so in the long run.&quot; But it does not develop measures to rescue and other industrial production, labor markets, to improve education and science and does not develop a planned system of social protection. In addition it can be concluded that the reform of public sector in the focus of the program measures are not the priorities of action. Lack of focus on long-term sustainable socio-economic development and economic growth implies maintaining the status quo. In other words, short-term and temporary &quot;recovery&quot; of public finances while Failure to develop the foundations on which they are based in the medium and long term means re-address the problems, followed by further cutting of social rights and other expenses from the budget - because of narrowing the tax base.
 Although it is just a lack of social declarative long-term vision makes it questionable. It also seems to imply so. Trickle down effect (ie neo-liberal doctrine, which argues that the wealth or income that is created in the economy to trickle from the entrepreneurial class in all income strata of the population) because it develops a planned system of social protection and does not highlight it as a precondition for economic development and growth - its emphasis on budget - implies precisely the reverse causality. However, the basic deficiency of this program is that it rests on the concept of socio-economic development. Therefore, it lacks the vision for the development of our country in the long run, from which might arise prioritization of individual measures and the elaboration of their sequences and operationalization. Herein lies the reason for this program, for example, can not be more specific measure in the field of scientific-technological and educational policies &quot;[j] ace boosting investment in research and development and new technologies&quot;, nor answer the question, which means measures &quot;[p ] HANGES quotas for admission to universities with government support in line with the findings of the analysis of labor market needs. &quot;
 In the absence of the object and purpose of the measures, or concepts, issues such as the above will be resolved according to the availability of money in the budget. The program is not encouraged public discussion on a given measure, which could lead to consensus. On such a discussion, on the contrary, suppresses the start implying and explicating the neoliberal plan &quot;recovery&quot; of public finance in short, a &quot;come what may in the long run. Even if not &quot;knowingly&quot; was written as a neoliberal this program does not develop specific measures to stimulate economic activity. Time to fall under the definition of neoliberalism as an ideology which is at the core of the belief that markets are stable and self-regulating, which is then desirable to not reach for state interventionism, public ownership and state control over some minimal extent. That does not mean it is not subject to the current political opportunism and the expertise of advisors and consultants who have worked out.
 But even that is flawed, because coalition partners, including the ministers themselves are not the current government, according to some inscriptions from the newspaper, knew what was coming. Such a method of treatment does not allow for discussion and coordination even in the narrowest political leadership that will need to implement these strategic directions. Simulations of the effects &quot;of&quot; so far by the Government are not released to the public, even despite the fact that neither offered an alternative. As suggested Friday Petek and [2] this lack of decision-making and policy analysis and has been sore point for their implementation, and rightly claim that any Finance Minister can not do the job well vertical coordination of public policy in this way by substituting appropriate authority of the Government. Minister of Finance will, in fact, their decisions are made primarily based on (short term) fiscal sustainability measures - and this &quot;program&quot; is just the Minister of Finance stands out as &quot;coordinator of all activities on the implementation of the program.&quot;
 Brake implementation of any program is therefore the inadequacy of public administration which the government decided to reduce the number of employees without having previously passed the assessment needs of this country, the necessary number of civil servants, their abilities, etc. (which should be derived from the concept!). Therefore, the obvious problem of simultaneity of reforms. Contradictions &quot;program&quot; comes from the fact that the horizon of the executive branch as well as short-horizon equity, so it is good only that which is currently profitable, despite the fact that it is in the long run by (t) kopava. It is certainly not surprising because the lack of long-term planning also involves ad hoc actions that are in a situation of great pressure on the budget is primarily manifested through cost cutting and / or reallocation of existing resources. But this is definitely a socially dangerous, as it only postpones the economic crisis. The fact that the opposition offers no viable alternative to worrying more and more.
 MAIN POINTS OF A POSSIBLE ALTERNATIVE The alternative we should see a program that will basically lie concept of long-term socio-economic development which will be determined by social, environmental and economic goals. All this will come to the nature of capitalism to which we aspire - if it&#39;s socio-economic system in which the citizens have chosen. Addressing issues related to the budget will thus become an instrument in the service of social goals, since the budget can not itself be the purpose. At the economic level the focus should be on the competitiveness that is the only way to invest in education and a complete social infrastructure, just as they did &quot;Asian tigers&quot; (Hong-Kong, Singapore, South Korea and Taiwan) in the second half of the twentieth century. No country in the world failed to develop on the basis of neo-liberalism, and it can not even Croatia. Plan &quot;Asian tigers&quot; was based on dijametralnoj opposition to neoliberalism and a strong regulatory role of the state and state interventionism.
 Since it is in Croatia is still a taboo subject (despite the fact that the doctrine of one of the owners of neo-liberalism, the IMF, changes in the direction of state intervention) is true to say that the state influence in the above-mentioned countries was primarily based on fixed rules of monetary , fiscal and industrial policies that are directed plans of businessmen to export rather than the domestic market [3]. I also realized the &quot;miracle&quot; that can better be compared with that of Japan than with Germany - in terms of speed of growth of GDP per capita [4]. For such a comprehensive endeavor takes time, which is in Croatia, the socio-economic recovery less. But he is the only prerequisite for izbavljanje the current difficult socio-economic situation ..
 MSc Vladimir Cvijanovic, 16 May 2010. [1] The analysis was taken from Rakar, M. (2010), &quot;Superhik Nations&quot;, available at http://mrak.org/2010/05/13/superhik-nacija/-vidjeti for details. [2] Friday, Z. A. and Petek (2009), &quot;Policy Analysis and Croatian Public Administration: The problem of formulating Public Policy,&quot; Political Science Review, 46 (5): 54-74. [3] Cf. Chang, H.-J. and I. Grabel (2004-2005), &quot;Reclaiming Development from the Washington Consensus,&quot; Journal of Post Keynesian Economics, 27 (2): 273-291 Nelson, RR and H. Pack (1999), &quot;The Asian miracle and modern growth theory &quot;, The Economic Journal, 109 (457): 416-436. [4] Nelson, RR and H. Pack (1999), &quot;The Asian miracle and modern growth theory&quot;, The Economic Journal, 109 (457): 416-436, and Freeman, C. (1998), &quot;The East Asian crisis , Technical Change and the World Economy &quot;, Review of International Political Economy, 5 (3): 393-409.
 