Will it come true for many facebookovaca call for shutting down the profile, which would be the most popular social network with a number of almost 400 million members, fell to the much smaller number of users? More and more requests for fire status are the result of public expression of discontent over the fact that Facebook does not provide its users privacy and their data are accessible to everyone, and those who may misuse it. This behavior was too much for a group of Americans who have decided to do something, do not let it imposed new rules and start the specified &quot;action&quot;. They understood that a profile is no longer safe. How do I delete a Facebook profile has recently been one of the most popular terms in the search engine &quot;google&quot;. It is now clear that once you open it, it is hard to completely erase. It&#39;s like the mafia: once you enter the &quot;family&quot;, it is difficult to get out. What caused the sudden turnaround in the perception of social networks, because a year ago everyone was asking how to open a profile? &quot;Prostitution&quot; policy reason lies in the fact that since December last year introduced new rules, so that all sections are visible to all users, all while the users do not invisible.
 Profile in the world of Facebook means &quot;identity card&quot; users, which enter their personal information. Many were not even aware of this fact, that their privacy is compromised, available to anyone without our permission and knowledge. Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook boss, who is already known for stealing other people&#39;s ideas, now he got into something deeper and more dangerous, a possible &quot;prostitution&quot; of our private lives, all for the purpose of business expansion and accumulation of money. The public was very surprised by his cold-blooded statement that no one takes care to protect user privacy, so why should they be worried by. The European Commission, concerned about such unprofessional and arrogant behavior, announced the adoption of new measures that would limit Facebook or forced to care more about protecting customers. After the initial euphoria and enthusiasm the most famous social networks have begun to see out the negative consequences it causes, which are very dangerous.
 The research was performed in England, by which every fifth marriage dissolution because of Facebook. Dependence on cyber sex, the possibility of going one step forward, ie to find live with people we met just on Facebook, and have the same goal, sex and fun, cause divorce, love quarrels, decays connection. People become alienated from each other, glued to the screen socialize with their virtual friends. Active even clinics for the treatment of these real addiction. Young people gather in groups that incite violence, so some of those groups that are supported by police, who were recently beaten up for no reason Roma boy, then support killer Luka Ritz, groups in which glorify Ustasha and Nazi legacy. Young Karlovac, which was evidently bored through Facebook profiles are falsely presented themselves as a girl and agreed to meet with a young man. Instead of meeting with a girl, nasamarenog young man greeted the five of them, who were beaten by the hands, feet and a wooden stick.
 Živor &quot;on edge&quot; Psychologists have reported that many young people his intention of suicide, just published on this site and do not leave a &quot;classic&quot; suicide note, but the last message posted on Facebook, such as the recent suicides of young Varaždinke, which are left on your profile farewell message to their friends. To wherever it goes, shows the following example in which the French pornoglumica shanny Tweeks on your profile published the &quot;ad&quot;, which seeks volunteers in its project to have sex with 999 men without interruption, with the noble aim to collect funds for fight against AIDS. The church is modernized and computerized, so the British Bishop Robert Evans offered virtually the salvation of believers through Facebook, trying to pray through these networks make available to all. If you want to live &quot;on edge&quot;, a prose you bored enough to create a Facebook profile, because who knows what nasty surprises await you in the future and your life will definitely not be the same, at least boring.
 Fake &quot;President&quot; One of the biggest prank on Facebook occurred in 2008. when she launched a fake campaign for the selection of World President of Facebook. At a false choice and joined the French Arash Derambarsh who made the program of his campaign, got the most votes and the public is interested in it. Some of the most prestigious media in France such as TF1, LePoint, L&#39;Express, FranceInter, Le Parisien devoted his considerable media attention as a possible future president of the most important global social networks. After some time it was discovered that the campaign was false, that all fell and fell very naive. New scam currently circulating on Facebook new e-mail scam which aims to give unwary users to disclose their password to reset the same, so they are trying to &quot;dupe&quot;. By providing a password hackers entering your privacy and take the data that interest them and which can be misused.
 Gordon Bursač 400 million Facebook users worldwide is around 400 million, 150 million in Europe. The number of Croats who has a profile of the 1.2 million, while Serbia little more than 2 million. How to protect? If you still have not given up on the profile, here are some tips for protecting privacy. Passwords should you be a complicated question, not something that anyone can &quot;provailti. Do not include date of birth in profile, addresses, phone numbers, names of partners, children, etc. to prevent theft of your identity. Do not let that information about you, your photos are available to everyone, after all, the best is the most intimate details, photos, and not to put on Facebook, but rather the &quot;old fashioned&quot; way to show your friends spending time together, talking in person, rather than just typing. Be sure to watch out for how long and what your child is on Facebook.
 