Skopje (mak. Skopje / Skopje) is the capital of Macedonia. It has about 700,000 inhabitants (est. 2010). And lies on the river Vardar. Skopje is the political, economic and cultural center of Macedonia and a major center of metal, chemical, wood, textile, leather and printing industries. Industrial development is accompanied by intensive development of internal and foreign trade and banking, as well as activities in the fields of culture and sports. Contents [edit] History of Skopje was founded in the 3rd Dardanijci century BC. At the time of the Roman Empire at that point was a city called Justiniana Prima, but was destroyed by an earthquake 518th The city was rebuilt, and during the Byzantium was known as expensive. In the Middle Ages to the authorities in Skopje often turns Byzantium and Bulgaria. The Ottomans conquered it 1392nd Turkish and his name was Üsküb or Üsküp petstogodišnje during Ottoman rule. Skopje is the Turkish period was the capital of Kosovo Vilayet.
 Turkish writer Dildžer Zeda in the 17th century wrote: &quot;I have long traveled through that country of Rumelia, and I saw a lot of beautiful cities and I was stunned to Allah&#39;s blessings, but none has not impressed me so much joy and as the heavenly city of Skopje, through which flows the river Vardar.&quot; 1689, the city is lit Austro-Hungarian general Pikolomini. 1905th Skopje had about 32,000 residents, a mix of Macedonians, Bulgarians, Bosnians, Turks, Albanians and Roma. Here was the seat of the Archbishop of Greek Orthodox Church, Archbishop of the Catholic Albanian, and Bulgarian bishops. 1910 Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu, better known as Mother Teresa, was born in Skopje in the Catholic Albanian family. Serbs during the Balkan War, 1913. occupied Skopje, and it became a part of Serbia, which became part of the Kingdom of SHS 1918th and the Kingdom of Yugoslavia 1929th It was under the Bulgarian government during both world wars, and the 1945th year it became the capital of Macedonia, member republics of the Yugoslav federation.
 1963rd Skopje was hit by a powerful earthquake, and numerous cultural and historical monuments were seriously damaged. In former Yugoslavia, Skopje has grown rapidly and has become a major industrial center južnobalkanskog region. Allocation of the SFRY in 1991. Skopje became the capital of the independent Republic of Macedonia. Greece has opposed the use of the name Macedonia by the newly formed government and imposed an economic blockade, which was severely hurt the economy of Macedonia and Skopje, as she closed access to the sea through Salonika. The blockade was put out of force 1995th years after the agreement between Greece and Macedonia. Many Greeks still call this country &quot;Republic of Skopje&quot; and its inhabitants (omaložavajuće) Skopljacima (Skopiani in Greek). [Edit] Demographics Skopje is the demographic center of the Republic of Macedonia. According to the census of 2002. had 506 926 inhabitants (a quarter of the country), making it the largest city in Macedonia [1].
  