Ermin Hasović Bh flag at Olympic Park in Munich Author: M. Skaka Monday, 18:01:10. 17:58. Last weekend, in front of more than 50 000 spectators at Olympic Park in Munich, took the first race of the world competition Red Bull Crashed Ice. Flag of Bosnia and Herzegovina is viorila among 40 others, until the final day when our competitor Ermin Hasović lacked only 0.06 seconds to qualify for the next round. Ice-cold Niefnecker Martin from Germany had difficulty even in the finals where he left behind representatives of hockey nations Gabriel Andre from Canada who finished second while third place went to Swiss Martin-in Müller-in. Olympic Park in Munich, built for the Olympic Games 1972nd with the assistance of 390 cubic meters of artificial ice was transformed into a Mecca of winter extreme sports. It was built in 400-meter long path with a slope of 30% and with dangerous bends and a large number of rebounds.
 The shape makes it difficult to track the job for four competitors who are struggling through a bed of ice on skates doklizati fastest to the finish. During the competition pushing and jumping cause unpleasant large number of falls and a nineteen year old winner from Martin Garmishparten Kihena after winning said during his hockey career did not raise as much bruising for two days of competition at Red Bull Crashed Ice-in. Ermin Hasović is also the first descent who experienced a small decline in the influence and on his second run and resulted in a lack of parts stotih few seconds. Ermin participated in the same competition last year in Prague and then backward for two seconds. If Ermin continue this progress next year we can expect that the BH flag Viore closer to the podium. Red Bull Crashed Ice is being held for nine years and a slider down the path set in world capitals from Moscow to Prague, Stockholm, Switzerland, America and Canada where Quebec will be more competition Red Bull Crashed Ice 2010 World Series held on 20
 March this year. GALLERY: sportsport No download photos without permission from the publisher
 