It was thought that the latest gathering of Heads of State and Government of the EU in Brussels, take the usual manner of such meetings. A lot of diplomacy, as so much less concrete conclusions and enviable dose of self-praise for certain moves. When it is mostly thought of the economy that everyone and everyone discusses and draws conclusions. But ... EU summit turned into a bitter debate, so far not recorded in connection deportiranaja Roma from France! Most shocked by this &quot;internal&quot; became the dominant theme of the summit, and thus the public disgrace, he was French President Nicolas Sarkozy. In the manner of street izvređao many starting with EU Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding, who opened the topic by comparing the French move with those in the Second World War. Reding has also urged the Commission to take against the French legal action. And the fire is fired. Arisen are various interpretations of what is meant by the Commissioner, Vichy mentioned too often, violence against an ethnic minority, and the question of who is next.
 The French president had executed the nerves. Izgalamio the commissioner and the president of EU Commission Jose Manuel Barossoa. Do they know with whom they talk, may not be such a tone with one of the founders of the EU ... Unrecorded brawl between Paris and Brussels, have agreed to all observers. Mindful of what happened to Nicolas Sarkozy pulled another bad card, he tried to &quot;push&quot; Angela Merkel. Namely, the Frenchman said at a news conference, Germany has agreed with his actions and will follow his example !!!!!! Sarko&#39;s had a benefit, the agency carried a quote &quot;we will see then how will they be quiet German politics.&quot; Reply from Berlin followed a now! The chancellor has not spoken to French President on Roma and deportations, even during the summit, but not on its margins. It&#39;s no secret that the French president does not stand well with his voters! There are many reasons but the biggest is not fulfilled, there is only one, what was promised at the beginning of term: a change! New president, new time, new policy and how has it going! The French are naturally expect positives, what else.
 But they erupted in a recession, economic growth has received a nasty blow to a lot of time and that long, which was disastrous for the morale of citizens. Many speak of &quot;psychological exhaustion&quot; French! In all of this was met with hostility by which pension reform to retirement has shifted from 60 to 62 years. Most EU countries, going on 65! Protests erupted and posdsjećanje as the national spirit to reduce the time at work, not to increase!! I recall that Francois Mitterrand 1983 reduced retirement age from 65 to 60! Of course prdsjednika current strength will be reflected in the persistence to implement unpopular measures, and confirm it with credibility as a reformer. It usually shows a tendency to extreme measures to strengthen its position. You may also reach certainly desired, the second term 2012! Of course, if ... Specifically Nicolas Sarkozy this summer rolled avalanche. Something that was a small problem, illegalci Roma, became a national drama.
 Deportations, demolition of illegal settlements with strong xenophobic rhetoric. He just did Vrdi to be what many think. Reports say that 60% of French President approves such a move. Applause was given is the extreme right. Do not forget that the French authorities over the past years has deported thousands of Romanian and Bulgarian Roma but the recent acceleration could hardly go unnoticed in the wider European society. In a short time, a month destroyed 500 illegal settlements. The President claims that this applies to all illegal immigrants, but the memo was discovered ministarstarstav Interior under which the government instructed to come crashing down on the settlements, rather than dealing with &quot;other&quot; cases. And what next? What can I expect? Will the EU Commission to take appropriate measures against states, even if it is the oldest, when you break the rules? Does Brussels anger and outrage teeth? In Europe there are an estimated 10 million Roma, 86% live below the poverty line and the fastest growing ethnic minority.
 Before two years, Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berluscloni had to withdraw due to public reaction, the intention to take fingerprints and photographs of Roma immigrants. Berlusconi certainly follow with interest the outcome of the current strife in the EU. It certainly expect other governments on the continent right. It follows the logic: the expulsion of Roma, analysts say, it costs nothing and brings the voices at home. For such as the EU Commission should not be left without a word, because what if tomorrow is the turn of the expulsion of another minority?
 