Sri Lanka, in brief, the country and traveling Text and photos: Miroslav Golubovic Many, to score and I put in the same basket to India and Sri Lanka. It was a big mistake! Sri Lanka is the first and the second and third glance znantno different, although there are certain similarities. Nuclear power is not, does not intend to send astronauts to the moon, there is no well-developed IT industry and cash reserves as well as India. There is no approximate number of important monuments and places, but knows how to preserve and properly use what it has. There are ancient cities, mountains, beautiful beaches and wonderful people who have rights, invaluable. Sri Lanka is in the media the last few decades appeared as a country in which he scored the Tsunami more than 35 000 lives and the civil war in which the Tamil Tigers fighting for independence north of the country. Early 2010. We found quite a normal country that has much to offer various attractions for tourists to vacation and tour major cultural and historical monuments many of which are under UNESCO protection.
 During our stay was the campaign for presidential elections. The atmosphere was tense until the election. There were no major incidents. Three weeks are spent on the spear visiting many interesting towns and places. We used only public transportation. The cars are old but smiling faces companion and loud popular music which came with huge, built later, the speaker always allured us smile. For drivers, we can say that, or magicians, or lunatics. Drive abnormal but still manage to get out, apparently, bezizlaznih situations that can experience in almost all Asian countries. Arrival in Sri Lanka&#39;s national air carrier Sri Lankan Airlines. Relatively new planes connecting Sri Lanka with about thirty countries in Europe and Asia. The service is at a high level both in the plane and the airport. The only Bandaranaike International Airport is located about twenty kilometers north of Colombo, and 10 south of Negombo.
 Bandaranaike International Airport for citizens of Serbia do not require visas. It is allowed to stay for a period of 30 days. Upon completion of passport control, in the great hall we were waiting for a group of taxi drivers, and various travel agents. Convincing us that public transport is bad and that it is best to rent a taxi. Given that there is no direct bus line to the Negombo we had to take a taxi at a cost of 1300 rupees (1 rupee = 145 €). Further, to continue the way we Dambuli bus. I could not believe that Sri Lanka is so beautiful and interesting country. Besides beautiful beaches and Unavatuni Kogal and other places on the sea, this beautiful country offers a large number of national parks, spectacular scenes in the mountain regions and a very rich history preserved in ancient cities like Polonaruve, Anuradapure and Mihintalea. On War and warnings for tourists, we were immediately enchanted vast rice fields, bright green color.
 People have us at each step gave a smile and tried to learn from us where we come from and what you all want to see. In preparation for a tour of the territory of a small country, located in the Indian Ocean, I came across the information that was said that the road infrastructure in poor condition, it is a poor country like India, and that is unsafe to move independently. Some travel agents continue to provide false information to tourists that led bukira their tour and so it turned away from the idea that self-organized trip. A war that lasted a full 26 years and whose goal was to create an independent state in the north of the country was completed in May of 2009 by winning the Army and President of Sri Lanka Marinde Radžapakse (Mahinda Rajapaksa) against Tamil rebels. This item has been placed in many terrorist attacks, thanks to which the country was placed on the list of risk for tourists.
 Today, in January of 2010 the situation was totally different. Most of the roads is fully restored. The consequences of war can not be seen on the streets in most parts of the country. Only the indelible traces of the tsunami in late December 2004 destroyed the southern and southwestern coast of the country. Nearly 35 000 people and displaced more than half a million. Our route, a brief moment Najbitiniji travel through Sri Lanka&#39;s Colombo avoidance. It is the only black spot which is worth around, in terms of traffic congestion and the fact that there is nothing to be seen. The airport is located 30 kilometers north of the capital of a dozen places from which to Negombo, just a few hours, you can reach any place in the Golden Triangle, which consists of Sigiriya, Anuradpura and Polonaruva. Polonaruva We are over the Kurunegala bus arrived Dambule which was our base for visiting these places. The first day we visited Polonaruvu and Sigir a second Mihintale and Anuradpuru.
 Sigiriya Mihintale, the place where the Buddhism in Sri Lanka uspostvljen Anuradpura Pecina Dambuli in three days we spent in kendo, a small town in which there is a temple of the tooth of Buddha. The environment is a major center for elephants, Pinavela and beautiful in many ways a unique botanical garden. Eighty kilometers southeast is NUVARI Eli mestašce at 1920 m altitude is known for its tea plantations, the largest export product of Sri Lanka. We descended to the south beach Unavatuna accurately. This beautifully mestašce we used as a base for visiting anyone, Naked and Hikaduve. The water was perfectly clean, the waves and almost no tourists and has made no sign of any vote. The last two days we spent in Colombo. I&#39;ll tell you just enough that one just for shopping in downtown suits. Camp elephants in Pinaveli Plantation tea in NUVARI Eli on tickets to the temples and monuments have spent approximately 120 € per person. We bought a &quot;pass&quot; for the Golden Triangle, which consists of Anuradapura, Sigiriya and Polonaruwa.
 Valid for two weeks. Price is $ 50 and individual ticket is $ 25. It should be kept to as many crooks and other Asian countries use the ignorance and naivete of tourists. I will try to convince you that you need a taxi for a distance of 500 meters (of course, Vožice around-around) sell you the water three times higher prices .... Southeast coast, Unavatuna However, many more of those for which you will remember forever stay in Sri Lanka and why you want to go back. Sri Lanka is a country that everyone can and should visit. Should use the opportunity while the prices of accommodation and transportation is still low because the arrival of large numbers of tourists from Europe and initiate a variety of (unnecessary) price increases, such is the case with Thailand. Spread your friends ... [Back] Sex Toys 365 Eighth Sri Lanka trip (part two) Sri Lanka - About Travel Sri Lanka - Arrival and orientation Partners site without injury Entertainment Copyright © 2007-2010 Cheap Travel.
 All rights reserved. It is forbidden to play as a whole and in parts without permission ..
 