Mujahideen al-Šebaba are on Friday, 15 Muharram 1431st hg (1 January 2010.) held a military parade in Mogadishu, presenting the brave soldiers who are ready to be protectors of the Ummah and to be like a fortress to defend the Ummah. The forces that are shown exactly zavšile their training and preparation. They will join and help his older brothers in the struggle against the common enemy. On parade participated Jihad leaders like Sheikh Mukhtar Abu Mansur Rubuva, the sheikh of Al-Halaf Mujahideen and al-Mujahideen spokesman Šebaba, Sheikh Ali Mahmoud Rexhiq, that they all preserve Allah. Shown are hundreds of new muvehhida1 who vacation for the eyes and joy to the heart. They are ready to defend the community Tawheed fighting and defeating the infidels. Young Mujahideen were dressed in military uniforms and the people passing by and shouted tekbire2. The parade has raised morale and triggered a sense of pride in the believer, while disappointed and frightened hearts fadžira (sinner) and Fasika.
 On this occasion, Shaykh Abu Mansoor sent a message force tawhid. He was in his speech stressed that all the soldiers of Tawheed must perform strictly and firmly against murteda and infidels. He also expressed his desire to help their brothers Mujahideen in Yemen. He said: &quot;I swear by Allah but the Almighty, America and its allies, Allah&#39;s help, will defeat the hands of the mujahideen.&quot; &quot;Today is a day of sadness for the American slaves in Somalia, led by Sharif Ahmed. And tomorrow, inshaAllah, they will soon meet with destruction. And we, the enemies of Allah, we will come down in waves, with the forces of Tawheed, to destroy the remnants of your ranks and to defeat your troops, so be careful of your actions, for Allah&#39;s army is ready and is as unique as dangerous works. Our zaštinik Allah, and you have no protector. &quot; Below are some pictures from the parade. Allahu Akbar! Mujahideen al-Šebaba, which control nearly half of Somalia, said that the official flag of Somalia to be replaced by a black flag with the words &quot;La ilaha illa Allah.&quot;
 Sheikh Mukhtar Abu Mansur Rubuv Ali, leader of al-Šebaba is said to be the flag of Tawheed to be raised across the country. &quot;The flag represents Islam,&quot; he added. Sheikh also said that al-Šebab continue to attack the weak puppet government of Somalia, supported by UN and African Union. &quot;We will continue to fight against the Somali government until the establishment of Islamic governments, we have the right to launch power AMIS (African Union troops) from our country because they are occupiers,&quot; he said. His statement came after the Somali government said it would put an end to all opposition groups in Somalia. E-Šebab currently controls most of southern and central areas of Somalia. Source: http://prisonerofjoy.blogspot.com/ first Muvehhidi (muwahhidi) - monotheists, who displays tewhid (pure monotheism) 2 The words &quot;Allahu akbar&quot; Tags: jihad in Somalia | Somalia es sebab Related news items: Newer news items: Older news items:&gt;
 