Day of Defeat: Source, popgun excellent multiplayer first-person ... I love her, you love it ... however, still remains the question of how much the game itself and even socializing during the game affect the individual, especially when it comes to young players? In fact, after the Day of Defeat January 2001. The pleasantly situated on computer disks of many players, the media have begun to repeat criticisms, since this is the first time that the players could actually enter into the role of Nazi soldiers in World War II and lucid to live (we admit) attractive, ideologically inflated, the legend the invincible Wehrmacht and SS troops. What catches the eye is that Day of Defeat did not make a company, but 17 young programmers who are based on the popular game Half-Life made a first-person shooter based on actual battles from the Second World War. Not only the maps and locations of the opposing army, but Nazi slogans and posters with messages at the beginning of the folder (of course, in German) is often the same enthusiasm as it felt Hitlerjugend members enchanted by mythical representations arijevskih warriors.
 This proves both of the notable players in the first servers that are carrying names such as Mein Kampf, Hitler or ZyklonB, and bring some new maps and posters with the Nazi leader Adolph Hitler. Well-organized group of German students in Singapore has formed a clan called &quot;Clan SS,&quot; alluding to the special units of the German army that odgoorne for the worst crimes in the Second World War. U.S. State Department report titled &quot;Contemporary Global Anti-Semitism&quot; which is March 2008. was sent to Congress clearly describes the game Day of Defeat as anti-Semitic in which &quot;racist violence into entertainment.&quot; The authors stick to the game saying that they wanted to show you more original battles from the world&#39;s greatest conflict. Shortly after the game gained popularity appear new textures / skins so you can put into play SS uniforms of soldiers, and for our region that are modified uniforms notorious formations - Ustasha and Chetniks.
 The peoples of former Yugoslavia should be especially sensitive to such things, because we are allowed or survivors of ethnic cleansing, culturocide, urbicid and genocide. Personally, I reacted to the provocative names like Hitler, Goebbels, Arkan, Hani, etc. I prefer the expectation that someone would warn me or famous Dr. Mengele&#39;s. And maybe you do not know who was Dr. Mengele ... Dr Josef Mengele - the doctor who gained the nickname &quot;Angel of Death&quot; because of his work at Auschwitz and other concentration camps. He did his cruel experiments on humans, and was responsible for organizing the camp - in the gas chambers sent about 400,000 people. He fought as a member of the Wehrmacht and received the Iron Cross, first and second rows. He fled to the Allies, because they did not know whom they have before them. He lived in Argentina. He died in the 67 year, floating in front of a Brazilian beach, suffered a stroke and drowned. His identity was confirmed only in 1992. He never repented for his crimes.
 Specifically, the secondary name of my smallness Hans Joachim Severing is also a doctor dubious past as a supporter of the Nazi regime. Accuses him to be sick in otpremao &quot;death camps&quot;. However, he was one time (1993.) Was president of the World Association of physicians. And this name is subject to criticism, which I had not experienced, as is the case of my comrades in Bucket - Dr. Mengele. We hereby invite players Dods Bosnia server to refrain in all neo-Nazi and fascist elements and acts of provocation, and that game, which is in some respects attractive to arrogant ideologically trained (call) a person, remains room for fun and socializing, as it was originally and thoughtfully. Therefore ... society, tolerance, fragging the pain - Yes Sir! Provocative, neo-Nazism, fascism, insults of any kind - Nein! Rate this topic: (15 rating, 3 votes) Popularity: 693 Views
 