Although his plan condemned by governments, religious leaders and Muslims around the world, an American pastor does not give up burning the Koran, 11th September Pastor Terry Jones, whose pastoral center, located in Gainesville, Fla., in this way wants to mark the ninth anniversary of the attacks on the United States. - Through this act, we discover that Islam is much more dangerous and more violent than people think, &quot;said Pastor Jones. - We want to send a message to those who do not mind the threat to the president, the bombing of a building or threatening embassies, he said in his defense. Because planning &#39;day to burn the Koran, &quot;Jones has already received numerous death threats, according to AP. Neither the Fire Department does not want him to meet, and Jones still does not have permission to tan, but it does not interfere with his plans. Developed a T-shirt with the inscription: &#39;Islam is the devil&#39;. - We believe that Islam comes from the devil, that causes billions of people go to hell, it&#39;s misleading religion, it is a violent religion and it is proven many, many times, said pastor Terry Jones, author of &quot;Islam comes from the devil.&quot;
 The church also sells coffee mugs and T-shirts bearing the phrase. In addition, they opened a channel on YouTube to the public transmitted their messages. - I mean, ask yourself. Have you ever seen a truly happy Muslims? While on their way to Mecca? While gathered together in a mosque on the floor? It seems like religion is happiness?, Jones asks in one of his videos. Terry Jones Jonesovog The plan is sound and Gen. David Petraeus, commander of U.S. and NATO units in Afghanistan. He believes that the burning of the Muslim holy book endanger U.S. troops in Afghanistan, and Americans worldwide. - Pictures of burning the Koran, will certainly take advantage of the extremists in Afghanistan and beyond, for inciting violence, according to Petraeus. In Afghanistan they have already gathered on the streets of hundred protesters, who oppose the plan of a small evangelical church and are looking for &#39;Death to America&#39;. Any disrespect of the Koran is offensive to Muslims.
 Press release condemning the plan and sent to the U.S. embassy in Kabul, according to CBS. bitno.ba | RI
 