My sister just and fair, for a long time wish that you turn, you write about big events and serious condition in which the Islamic Ummah there, but circumstances prevented me, so now with the help of Allah I use this opportunity for my addressing you , my dear sister. First I spoke to our families and our loved ones in our beloved country and told them that we have the good grace of the Almighty, and under its protection. In our hearts and thoughts of you in spite of great distance. This world is such - is full of meetings and farewells - and we seek solace in the fact that we have the truth, all thanks to Allah, SWT, and let&#39;s blessings and peace be on his best prophet, our master Muhammad, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam , to his family, to his companions and all those who follow his Sunnah until the Day of Judgement. My sister just and fair, for a long time wish that you turn, you write about big events and serious condition in which the Islamic Ummah there, but circumstances prevented me, so now with the help of Allah I use this opportunity for my addressing you , my dear sister.
 First I spoke to our families and our loved ones in our beloved zemlji1 and told them that we have the good grace of the Almighty, and under its protection. In our hearts and thoughts of you in spite of great distance. This world is such - is full of meetings and farewells - and we seek solace in the fact that we have the truth, a truth we are called, as we our Lord God Almighty said: &quot;I do not lose courage and do not grieve, you&#39;ll win if you true believers. &quot;(Al &#39;Imran, 3: 139) If Allah wills, you may also meet soon, because they are Allah&#39;s help and victory is near. After these words to our relatives and loved ones, these words that follow extend our obedient sisters of our precious Islamic Ummah, jihad scattered in countries throughout the world, our dear mother, who lost their sons on the path of Allah, that raised the pride of our faith of Islam . How are husbands, sons and brothers they lost! And how they just inflicted pain on the way of Allah! All we faced the same situation: we are in a jihad, patience on the same pain as we are away from our families and loved ones, we lose and sacrifice everything we have in the way of Allah.
 My dear sister, by Allah besides Whom there is no other God, all this will not prevent us to help our faith. Despite all this, feel pleasure, because we were Allah chose over all the slaves and treated the jihad in His way, by assisting his faith and the rise of his words. In spite of all temptations, not lacking in anything and are under Allah&#39;s mercy. Therefore, my dear and beloved sister, we insist on this way! Know that there is no superpower that will stop us, because Allah is with us, and He is our only guardian and our only helper. Do not be afraid of anyone except Almighty Allah and we will insist on anything that happens to us, hoping the promise of Allah, as He says (translated meaning): &quot;Do you think go to paradise, but have not experienced what they experienced those before you, who were also missing? They were vexed poverty and disease, and many were harassed, to the prophet and those who believed with him cried: When will Allah&#39;s help, but one? So, Allah&#39;s help is really close. &quot;2 Thus, insallah, our victory is near, because we have our Lord will not give up.
 Victory or martyrdom - no one knows who is sweeter! 3 And I will not relax too much by using our faith, because it is the most precious thing we possess. I ask Allah to us and our sisters in different parts of the world, especially those located in the jihad, such as Palestine, Iraq, Chechnya, Afghanistan and Somalia, give patience and perseverance until death because there is only a victory or martyrdom. &quot;And Allah does what he wants, but most people do not know!&quot; 4 I want to remind myself and my dear sisters Muslim women ashaba5 - mudžahidkinje, muhadžirke6 and believing that our best role models and to that reputation and why we feel comfort . How many lessons and wisdom we can learn from their life stories? They never posustajale to fight in Allah&#39;s way, and we therefore follow in their footsteps. Best among them was Khadijah, Allahu Ahna, who helped the Prophet, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam, in his reference to Islam.
 Was used to encourage the Prophet of Allah: &quot;Verily, by Allah, your Lord and has not left! Održavaš ties of kinship, uslužuješ your guests generously, and helping the poor rješavaš disputes among warring &quot;Similarly, it has acted and Safia, Allahu Ahna, who was one of the bravest women. While the other women stayed in the determination, drive a stake murdered Jews who spied around the fort while the Muslims fought against the enemy. He was not afraid or stumbled, she was brave, braver than many men of today. To mention just Umm Ammar, Allahu anha, and her courage. It was twelve o&#39;clock at Uhud wounds sustained fighting on the side of the Prophet, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam, and Jemami lost arms and suffered 11 other injuries. So, to these courageous Muslims that we are standing and whose footsteps we go, supporting our husbands in the way of truth.
 No one other than fear of Almighty Allah. The following words I dedicate to my dear sisters who are in prisons tyrants: We tell them: you are in our hearts, and by Allah, with His permission, we will not give up until you are rid of, because you are our pride and we are your sisters. Allah knows best, that dovimo Him to protect you from all evil, and speed up your release. My address to all the other Muslim world: First, I invite you to be submissive and obedient to Allah&#39;s orders because there is true happiness on this, and the future world. Especially be submissive in terms of coverage, ie hidžaba7, because it is a characteristic of Allah&#39;s obedient slaves. If you do not fill this obligation, then you go Satan rates, and a bit alone, my dear sister, that campaigns against the hijab is one of the fiercest battle between Islam and kufra8. Disbelievers are longing for a woman to abandon his Muslim faith, a step that is her discovery of the body, and when a Muslim leaves provided cover, and leave their faith.
 Watch out for this, my dear sister, because the West wants to just as a means of naslađivanje, and through you to cancel the Islamic laws, a veiling of women is the first Islamic law for Muslim women to preserve their modesty and pride. The West does not want to firmly stick to the hijab, because adherence to the Muslim hijab shows niskoću and cheapness of Western manners and Western &quot;culture.&quot; Kafirski West trafficked women and consider them low-cost consumer goods, because they are not valuable for them to respect. They are a source of trade for them bestidnošću. We seek refuge with Allah from all this. Covered Muslim woman is respected both at home and outside it, and it is a hidden gem and precious jewel. Says Allah SWT (translated meaning): &quot;O Prophet, tell your wives and daughters and the believing women to draw their outer garments are. It will be known and will not be tempted.
 And Allah is Forgiving, Merciful. &quot;9 This speaks to Allah SWT, His Messenger, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam, and sends it to this very important legislation. So my sister, my dear, do not be negligent under Sharia hijab so as not to lose this time and the world. Secondly, I advise my dear Muslim sisters to raise their children in obedience to Allah SWT, and love for jihad in Allah&#39;s way. Encourage your brothers, husbands and sons to stand in defense of the country of Allah, Muslims and their property and to regain all occupied by the enemy and to liberate themselves from those who agree with the enemy and selling Muslim country. Urge you, too, that your supplications and IMECA helping the Mujahideen and their families, women and children and families of prisoners and wounded mujahideen because they are most needed and help. I remind my sister to a hadith of the Prophet, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam, who said: &quot;Fasting is the best shield and apron deleted sins like water extinguishes fire!&quot; 10 In another hadith says the Prophet, sallallahu alaihi wa sallam: &quot;A group of women, beware your language, because I saw most of you as residents of hell! &quot;11 remind every woman in her role that she and husband&#39;s Emanet with him shoulder to shoulder to stand in defense of our faith and our country.
 If you can not personally take part in jihad, then let it do its wealth. If this is not possible, then you should call your sister in mosques, madrasas, and other places and encourages jihad in Allah&#39;s way. If this is not possible, then let it done through the Internet. Some write and transmit speech Mujahideen, Allah&#39;s permission to call her reached the ears and hearts that Allah will not remain idle. Hopefully, my sister, you will not falter in our faith in helping you the most accessible way. To even mention that we get many questions about the role of women in this current jihad. I must say, and by Allah&#39;s guidance, that the jihad today ajn12 fard for every Muslim and Muslim, with the very struggle for a woman who has mahrema not simple. We are in various other ways we can help the Mujahideen, as well as material support or participation in the martyrdom operations. How many sisters committed martyrdom action in Iraq, Palestine and Chechnya, nanosivši enemy huge losses? I ask Allah that they may receive as a martyr, and to send us their footsteps.
 Our first responsibility is to help families of the Mujahideen, to raise and protect their children. Muhadžirke our very bravely, patiently and with perseverance, despite all the temptations we go through, play a role in jihad, sacrificing the benefits of this world to reward in the Hereafter. They lose their husbands, brothers, fathers, sons, but hope in Allah&#39;s reward, and to Allah belongs all thanks. At the end of my speech I remind my sisters that Allah SWT, the one who determines our life and our region. Jihad does not accelerate someone&#39;s death, nor does it diminish one&#39;s nafaka (supply). Today&#39;s jihad is an individual duty of every Muslim and every Muslim, because of the infidel enemy occupying Muslim countries, and three holy places under their control and are also okupacijom.13 renegade puppet rulers took control of the Muslims. Islamic scholars have a consensus on the obligation to remove dissenters from the faith.
 And as a martyr of Islam, Sheikh Abdullah Azzam, rahimehullah, said: &quot;Jihad has become an individual obligation of the Ummah from falling Endelusa.&quot; While the leaders of the Mujahideen calling the ummah jihad, even to me, my dear sisters, you should refrain from the religious obligations and inviting and encouraging others. Imparting to you the glad tidings that the Jihad movement and beats to spread, although the western media, despite the losses, Crusaders and Jews in the Jihad, carried only part of the truth. Losses Crusaders and Jews in many arena much larger than they admit. For all the news from the fields of jihad, convert mudžahidskim media, because you&#39;ll also find accurate and precise data that refute the lies of the Western media. And we are a living example of an eight-year resistance against the crusade and attack their weakness. Allah&#39;s permission, we take the jihad of Chechnya until an Islamic Algeria. And we are here as a living example of incompetence because crusaders, and after 8 years since the Crusades began, we will continue, with Allah&#39;s grace, we lead the jihad from Chechnya to the Islamic Algeria.
 Be confident in Allah&#39;s victory, both of us in his book, he informs (translated meaning): &quot;The Believers fight in Allah&#39;s way, and unbelievers to Satan. Therefore, the fight against šejtanovih ward, because it is Satan&#39;s cunning is quite weak. &quot;14 leave you in Allah&#39;s mercy and His protection! Praise be to Allah, Lord of all worlds, and let&#39;s blessings and peace be on Muhammad, sallallahu alayhi wa sallam, his family and his companions. We selamu alaykum we rahmatullahi we berekatuhu! Your sister in Islam, Umejma Muhammad Hasan Ahmed Hasan Source: http://revolution.ansar1.net/ With English translated: Emetullah Umm Nura first The author of this letter is from Egypt and is currently participating in Afghan Jihad
 