&quot;The consequences of the Greek crisis will only be limited. When it comes to Croatia&#39;s accession process is so advanced that it is the goal line. Because I believe that there will be problems with Croatian, &quot;says Janis Emmanouilidis political analyst at the European Centre (EPC). Still, he admits that it can happen to this crisis in the eurozone, which nobody knows where and how it will develop, that affects the European Union and its basic plans, especially when it comes to the Eurozone. &quot;If it happens then it is reflected on the question of enlargement. Possibly be changed and the European acquis, acquis communautaire, and it would of course be reflected in the expansion, &quot;warns analyst EPC Emmanoulidis. &quot;The main result of the information and the Greek crisis, which should affect countries that are on the road to the euro area is the fact that the country needs a stable and lasting value for its currency exchange rate and no major deficit in foreign trade and payment orders.
 If you have problems with your currency exchange rate then it is better not to enter the euro, &quot;says Slovenian Finance Minister Francis Križanić, after the ECOFIN meeting in Brussels. He said that Slovenia does not complain that there&#39;s monetary policy in times of crisis, but the opposite. Slovenia is happy to be part of the eurozone and participate in modern politics, which leads to the economically advanced countries. As for the Croatian and Iceland - Iceland is the question of whether it ultimately wants to do in the EU, and in the Croatian case, which is located at the very end, the consequences will be severe and far-reaching - with this assessment agrees Slovenian Finance Minister Križanić. Asked whether the situation and the crisis in Greece may affect access to the European Union Croatian, Slovenian Minister of Finance for Deutsche Welle said: &quot;I see no obstacles that could be larger than they are.&quot; The Slovenian minister added that Slovenia and Iceland, &quot;have certain problems related to bilateral relations, but I think it can be resolved.&quot;
 Slovenske headaches and irritated by the Slovenian Minister of Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Slovenian Finance Minister Francis Križanić Slovenia is the hardest hit by the financial crisis in the eurozone to fall in GNP of 7.8 percent. Given the recently increased minimum wage by 22 percent or about one hundred euros, the question of competitiveness slovenskeog economy. &quot;Like all developed European countries, Slovenia is open to foreign direct investment. We are particularly interested if anyone has interesting projects that are orijetirani to export and which are primarily ecological value is high, &quot;explained the Slovenian Minister Križanić. Asked why the Croatian retail chain &quot;Konzum&quot; for years in Slovenia can not buy any land or get permission to build its sales center, the Slovenian minister said that this is not true and that Slovenia was opened.
 &quot;In Slovenia, the same thing can work Lidl, Interspar, Leclerq and Hofer.&quot; At the insistence of journalists to get an answer why this is so, the Slovenian Minister apparently irritated the interrupted conversation. Then he just remarked that he studied in Zagreb and that well-known journalists from the Tudjman era. But a journalist who had asked the question does not live in Croatia for more than 30 years and works for the German media. How the crisis, however, may affect prođirenje? Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Janis A. Emmanouilidis European Policy Centre (EPC), &quot;However, the crisis can change the mood within the European Union. It now does not know, because I do not know how the crisis developed. If you are greatly change the situation in the Union and the crisis begins to affect all areas of policy, then the crisis is reflected in the extension area, but we need a crystal ball, &quot;warns analyst Emmanouilidis.
 &quot;The crisis has certainly affected the economy in the east and southeast Europe and therefore have worsened and the underlying data in certain countries.&quot;
 