Korean War, American soldiers get off at Inchon. Date From 25 June 1950 to 27 July 1953 when he concluded a truce. Location Korean Peninsula outcome of truce, the establishment of demilitarized zones Casus belli North Korean attack on South Korea. Changes in the territories under the territorial changes in favor of South Korea South Korea Belligerents United States United Kingdom Australia Canada China North Korea Commanders Syngman Rhee Douglas MacArthur Matthew Ridgway Kim Il-sung Peng Dehuai Military units South Korea 590 000 USA 480 000 Commonwealth 110 000 Philippines 7 Turkey 000 5 500 North Korea 260 000 China 780 000 28 000 victims of the Soviet Union, South Korea 673 000 USA 36 516 South Korea 200 000 China 145 000 Korean War is the name of the armed conflict between the 1950th and 1953. The leading North and South Korea. On the side of South Korea fought the forces of the United Nations-led United States, Britain and Australia, while North Korea equipment helped the Soviet Union, and China has sent volunteers after the invasion of UN forces.
 The Korean War was classified as a civil war that ended 27 July 1953 armistice between North and South Korea, which is the limit returned to 38 parallel, ie the way they were before the war began. Contents [edit] The cause of conflicts is one of the crossings between the two Koreas along the 38th The parallels agreement reached in Tehran, after being open a second front in western Europe and Nazi Germany brought the defeat of the Soviet Union on 6 August 1945th declared war on Japan. Soon after the Soviet troops arrived to 38 parallels where the agreement stopped allowing Americans to liberate the southern part of Korean peninsula. After the capitulation of Japan on the Korean Peninsula have been established Soviet and American occupation zones. Demarcation line established by previous agreement from the 1945th year, went to the 38th parallel. Although it was planned that after the occupation of Korea held elections and unite as a country with a unified government, and plans were disrupted, the outbreak of the Cold War and, like in Germany, talks about the merger failed.
 Instead, the USSR and the United States determined opponent and ideologically opposed to government or the states which were called North and South Korea. Both regimes have samoproglasila &quot;real&quot; Korea by putting the knowledge that you do not recognize each other. And the president of South Korea&#39;s Syngman Rhee and General Secretary of the Communist Party of North Korea Kim Il-Sung have announced the unification of the peninsula under his regime. Because of Soviet aid in weapons North Korea has been able to take action on that front, while South Korea could rely only on a small U.S. forces that remain in the country. [Edit] Start War War began attacking North Korean Army 25th June 1950th year. Covered by artillery fire and the actions of Russian fighters and bombers, about 150 000 soldiers and 150 tanks (T-34) has quickly won a victory over the less numerous, poorly equipped and demoralized South Korean army.
 But as a big problem it turned to poor logistics, which consisted behind the North Korean army. To obskrbili his troops advancing towards the south, North Korea has captured thousands of civilians, forcing them to carry military supplies and material to the front. These columns are an easy target for opposing air force. 28th afternoon June forces entered the North to Seoul, which was for them the war was over. Expecting a quick capitulation of the South, Kim Il-Sung has not done anything on the score of determining the position of thinking that will attack the United States absent. To attack the United States responded by using a Soviet boycott of the United Nations izglasavši resolution in order to counteract the aggression against South Korea may use military force. The decision President Truman that the entry of U.S. military forces in the fight declared the United Nations police action was possible only because the Soviet Union could not veto the Security Council.
 Their representative year boycotted the session because he did not want to sit at the same table with the delegates nacionalnokineske government on Taiwan, which is still performed on behalf of the whole of China. In South Korea have begun to come in the United Nations forces, primarily from the U.S. soldiers who were stationed after the Second World War in Japan - 24 Infantry Division, and the forces of Great Britain and Commonwealth countries which are much-much stablizirale situation, but up to September 1950 suffered losses and under the control of the South can hardly maintain the Pusan bridgehead. 5th July occurred the first clash with the North Korean forces, U.S. soldiers at the battle of Osana [edit] American meddling U.S. troops disembark on the beach near Inchon, a day after the offensive, a turning point in the war marked the landing of U.S. forces at Inchon, the sjevernokorejskoj background. UN force commander in chief, U.S. General Douglas MacArthur ordered the landing near the South Korean city of Incheon, and then went on to liberated Seoul and thus cut the supply lines of the communist forces.
 South Korean unit were forced to hastily retreat, which has used South Korea, linking up with the UN forces with whom they subsequently released the entire territory of South Korea. However, intoxicated with victory, the U.S. commander, General Douglas MacArthur chose to continue the war, cross the 38th parallel to unify Korea, this time under American auspices. The war continued with the permission of the UN and the protestvovanje that China was concerned about whether the UN forces to stand on the border between North Korea and China. Many in the West, including MacArthur, thought that the spread of conflict in China is only possible and correct solution, but the statement from U.S. President Truman was that the conflict does not spread to China. [Edit] Chinese offensive of the warring sides have progressed and regressed during the conflict, but at the end of the front line remained almost identical to the pre-war borders, however I move crossing 38th Parallels is seriously concerned about the communist government in the People&#39;s Republic of China, who tried to warn the Americans to stop or to be North Korean units to join the Chinese forces.
 American generals have assured Truman that there was no danger of Chinese intervention, in case you come to the same that China does not have enough strong air force to confront the United States. Truman in Korea intended to lead a limited war and to prevent any expansion in China and the Soviet Union but it is the supreme commander of UN troops, General MacArthur, voluntarily expanded its mandate and the opposite of what he was ordered to set out in the fall 1950th together with the southern Koreans toward Yalu River where there are plants that have industrial area snadbijevale Manchu power. MacArthur Truman ubjeđivao how the Chinese would not dare to umješaju in this fight because if they do lose the cheek and communism would experience humiliation. However, MacArthur ignored the presence of volunteers fighting the Fourth Army of General Lin Piao&#39;s on the border with Korea. Since they ignored warnings of China, the Chinese 19th
 October sent 300.000 &quot;volunteers&quot; across the border, and its former American supremacy in the air for the first time challenged hunters Soviet jet MiG-15 painted in Chinese colors. After the first attack and defeat the UN forces, the Chinese forces retreated to the mountains. For MacArthur this was a sign of weakness so that further progress was ordered thinking it was the first blow as far as China is able to do so. Like the first time the Chinese government gave a strong warning to the offensive by Yalu River and the Sino-Korean border to stop, but once again Western countries have turned a deaf ear to them. When this did not lead to stopping the American advance toward the Chinese border, in November, the Chinese have taken a strong offensive, hitting the side iznađenih U.S. forces inflicted heavy losses on them and forced them to withdraw - which many now hold the longest in American military history. [1] Once again North Korea&#39;s progress was halted due to poor logistical support.
 Ammunition, food and other supplies had to be carried on the hands or bike from the Chinese border to the front lines as seriously eroded the power of the Chinese army. The highlight of their offensive power of a united China and North Korea reached by coming to Seoul, which are still at the end of the fourth January 1951 and managed to take. When the Chinese and Sjevernokorejanci again crossed the 38th parallels, is publicly disgraced MacArthur demanded extension of the war in China and using nuclear weapons. This is opposed to President Truman who sought to limit the war, fearing it could turn into a third world war, and tying the American military resources to weaken the defense of Western Europe. 11th April 1957 MacArthur was dismissed, and his place was appointed a veteran of World War II, Matthew Ridgway who has managed to consolidate the UN forces and to lead them into the new release of Seoul and progress towards the north, stopping just north of the former border 38.
 parallel. [Edit] Stalemate 10th July 1951st The peace talks have started, and the war continued through smaller, local action. Both sides tried that yet some piece of territory and thus improve its position, and now they even made a plan to use nuclear weapons test by performing attacks with bombs of great destructive power. After two years of negotiations ended 27th July 1953rd The signing of the armistice in Panmunjonu. A truce was determined long demilitarized zone 248 kilometers wide and up to 4 kilometers along the front line by maintaining the status quo. Both countries have significant military power concentrated at the edge of the demilitarized zone while maintaining the potential of such attacks by making the border between North and South Korea najnaružanijom border in the world. Technically speaking, since only an armistice was signed between the two countries, the war is still not finished. [Edit] The results of the war by all criteria, the war ended reluctant score.
 North, and South Korea, they have failed in the attempt of unification, and both sides were killed 3 million people to the incredible devastation. The United States failed to prevent further communist advances towards Asia, but is at war crushed the myth of American invincibility. For the first time in history an American general had to sign a truce in the war from which the U.S. has not emerged as a winner. People&#39;s Republic of China has paid a price of over 250 000 deaths but has achieved some of its goals: all of North Korea&#39;s communist left, Manchuria was not compromised, a successful intervention on behalf of its allies, for the first time after 19 century, China has regained the status of great power. The only true winner of the war was Japan, which emerged as the most important U.S. ally in Asia and with the industry thanks to U.S. military orders experienced a revival. Large companies like Mitsuia, Mitsubishi and others are due to contracts with the U.S. army failed to stand on their feet.
 With the departure of U.S. troops in the war in Korea, Japan, with the help of the United States got its own police force, which escaped the huge maintenance costs of the occupation forces. The Korean War is important as the first conflict in which they clashed jet aircraft, as well as the first conflict in which helicopters were used mainly to evacuate the wounded. [Edit] Sources Retrieved from &quot;http://bs.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korejski_rat Categories: Wars | Korean War | History | Korea
 