Četrdesetdvoje people were killed and 175 wounded in last night&#39;s terrorist attack, suicide bombers in the Sufi Temple in Lahore in Pakistan. With security cameras, which unfortunately did not save lives, it is the only Chinese television crew CCTV monitored gathering of Muslims at prayer and dance, and recorded what was happening, and it was announced on television! And there was a horror, just hours after Pakistani security chiefs congratulated themselves that the month of June was the first month in two years, and that did not happen either an attack! Recall that the latest attack in Lahore, the second in a short time. Specifically, in May that killed 94 people in an attack on members of the Ahmadi sect. It was a clear signal of how extremists are determined to bring terror to the streets of Lahore, the heart of Punjab, Pakistan&#39;s most populous and strongest in the region. Anyway, last night&#39;s deadly attack on the faithful in the temple is not the first attack on the Sufis.
 Last year in March destroyed the temple in Peshawar. Killing in the temples certificate is constantly waking terrorists, unfortunately, much vaunted, and before the year started, the Pakistani military offensive was not halted, much less eliminate. We moved from the northwest of the country where the Taliban is strongest and where they are hitting almost conquered the entire region. Millions of people had to leave their homes, thousands of homes, schools, office buildings have been destroyed. Infrastructure, or weak side and without the Taliban, disappeared in the bomb and the authority of local governments. Before such a threat, but U.S. pressure, the military leadership had to run. Operation draining swamps along the omnipresent corruption tripped up very quickly on the powerful military intelligence agencies that were started with the application of innovative policy of classifying the Taliban, to assess: whether to negotiate with them or not! Conditions have been so &quot;good&quot; and &quot;bad&quot; group Jihadista.
 In vain have been warning analysts as a dangerous and destabilizing. For the generals it was a big hit in December last year, announced the victory! The results of this battle are visible in Lahore. Since the beginning of this year, three terrorist attacks in the number of victims can be distinguished from the other almost &quot;normal&quot;: 1 January on volleyball game killed 100 people, 19 April 23 was killed in action a suicide bomber at a market in Peshawar, and 28 May 93 was killed with a believer in two Ahmadi mosque in Lahore! The conclusion is more than clear: extremists are active as before so emphasized the military offensive. At the same time, developments in neighboring Afghanistan, leaving them in the belief that we should persevere, because one party will go, and they stay! Currently, the real threat in Afghanistan that the war is lost to foreigners. Dans attacked the Taliban in Kunduz U.S. humanitarian agency that works on reconstruction projects with the government in Kabul.
 Killed four people, buildings completely destroyed! Recent research has led to a disturbing fact. Of the 120 areas under the fury of the Taliban in 1 / 3 population of little or no hope lays in the government of President Karzai and more than 1 / 3 is openly supporting the Taliban. Although in the meantime increased international forces, their arrival I was little it turned into željenome direction. Changed the American commander of allied forces, say observers, but it remains to be seen what effect this will have! One is immediately shown: the Taliban have strengthened refused any negotiations with representatives of NATO! Last month, Afghanistan became the longest American military campaign in history. Vietnam is now in second place! For everything else better not to remind you. Although various delegations, the Rapporteur said that many Afghans seek relief for the Taliban, do not forget to add a bit: if you only believe in an alternative! There should be a new U.S. General Petraeus on the battlefield to bring much-awaited change, which would then have to be felt in Pakistan.
 It takes for granted the leaders of countries participating in the eradication of the Taliban in Afghanistan and returning to normal in this country that almost no one remembers. And what else is left to them except that withdrawals?
 