31.12. - 03.01.2011. 3 BED AND BREAKFAST HOTEL 2 / 3 * 1 per day, 31.12., Friday Zagreb - Paris meeting passengers at the airport in Zagreb at the information desk. Check-in and flight to Paris. After the formalities to go to a panoramic city tour by bus: La Defense, Arc de Triomphe, Etoile square with sparkling Champs-Elysees, Concorde Square below, the Louvre, the great boulevards, Opera, La Madeleine church, Notre-Dame, Pantheon, Sorbonne, Latin Quarter. Accommodation in hotel 2 / 3 *. Free afternoon to rest and prepare for New Year&#39;s Eve. We suggest going to the New Year&#39;s Eve on the streets of the city of light, or in one of the restaurants (with surcharge). HAPPY NEW YEAR! DAY 2, 01.01., Saturday Breakfast PARIS. Leisure morning. In the afternoon we recommend going with a companion for travel by public transport to the Eiffel Tower and climb to second or 3 floor, a romantic evening boat ride down the river Seine, with numerous illuminated bridges and monuments, you will be able to see from a totally different perspective.
  kat € 7.80, € 12.00 peak. For those under 18 years are not charged for tickets (only Louvre and d&#39;Orsay). Information ticket prices according to the state in September 2009 and are subject to change. Entertainment: Driving sein: € 9.50; CABARET € 50.00 - € 70.00 (depending on the program); MOULIN ROUGE WITH DINNER € 152.00; LIDO SHOW WITH DINNER € 192.00 Shopping: Galleries Lafayette, the Champs Elysees (store design), Rue de Rivoli (Zara, H &amp; M, Esprit, Gap), Paris (Paris fra. [paʁi]) is the capital and largest city of France. Located on the banks of the River Seine in northern France, in the heart of the Île-de-France, also known as the &quot;Paris Region&quot; (fra. Région parisienne). The population of Paris, from its 1860th largely unchanged borders, is estimated at 2,167,994 (January 2006). but the metropolitan area (aire urbaine) settles more than 11 million inhabitants, the most populous metropolitan area in the Eurozone.
 As an important settlement for more than two millennia, Paris is today one of the world&#39;s leading business and cultural center, with the influences on politics, education, entertainment, mass media, fashion, science and art, all of which contributes to the status of Paris as one of global cities. In accordance with estimates from 2005., The Paris metropolitan area is the largest European city economy, and the world&#39;s fifth in the list of world cities by GDP. Paris and the Paris region, with 533.6 billion euros in 2007., Producing more than a quarter of gross domestic product of France. In the Paris region, the seat 37 of the 500 most profitable companies in the world, located in several business districts, including La Défense, the largest purpose-built business district in Europe. In Paris also has many headquarters of international organizations such as UNESCO, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), and the informal Paris Club.
 Paris is one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world, with 45 million visitors each year in the Paris region, of which 60% of foreign tourists in Paris, which attracted numerous sights and attractions. Paris from 11 century, a popular destination for traders, students and religious pilgrimages, but the &quot;tourist industry&quot; on a large scale began only appearance of the railway in the 19th century, ie, the state organization of the French railway network, with Paris as the center of the 1848th Among the first attractions of Paris for the masses were already mentioned international exhibitions, which are the source of many Parisian monuments, especially the Eiffel tower from 1889, which along with the beautification of the Second Empire, the city so much an attraction as it is known today. Border, visa and health formalities: For citizens of Republic of visas for France and Germany is not required, but the trip requires a valid passport.
 We recommend insurance against accidents and illness are traveling. When you sign up for the trip must pay 30% of the total, while the remainder 21 days prior to travel. Registration is valid for travel only with advance payment. After paying the deposit you will receive a receipt and detailed information about your booking. Upon final payment you will receive an itemized cost of each payment voucher - or final referral letter with full details of your trip. Minimum number of passengers to travel the 40 If the trip is not a sufficient number of passengers not later than 5 days before package holidays travel agency is obliged to inform passengers about the cancellation of travel. Payment Options: · cash, NetBanking internet banking, money order · credit card-fold (American Express, Diners, Maestro, Visa, Master)-Spread (2-6 Diners and American War and general interest-free payment in installments to departure on a trip) Instructions and general travel for travel arrangements are an integral part of the contract of carriage.
 By signing the agreement on the journey you are agreeing to these terms, so please esteemed passengers to read the terms carefully. Responsible Organization: CALYPSO Zagreb - Travel agency Ltd., HR-AB-01-080,500,921th Shelf no bail. 1500-170796320 paid by Allianz Insurance. Please be on the risk of travel to certain countries informed on the official website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and European Integration, Categorization www.mvp.hr hotel suits the local star. Organizer reserves the right to change the sequence of program implementation.
 