What exactly has the formula Nordic model that manages to survive in the era of globalization, and whether Croatia can also, if you want to go that route, its formula of development directed towards the Nordic model? Nordic welfare state model is mainly defined as a system that guarantees all its citizens universal human rights, social justice and equality, gender equality, egalitarianism and equal social benefits for all citizens. The Nordic welfare system also includes guarantees all citizens a free education, social security and quality health care. If this is indeed the case and economically viable, of course it is logical to ask why other states do not follow this model, or whether indeed, as some theorists believe, the ultimate goal of community organizing. Although the welfare of the helpless and dependent in society in some way monitor the overall development of human society in the modern sense of the social welfare system occurs in parallel with the development of nation states, mostly in the late 19th
 century. During the turn of the 20th century, precisely the Nordic countries are leading in the implementation of a series of social reforms and strengthen the role of government in providing social and health care of its citizens on the principles of equality and social justice. The overall process of social reform and raising the level of social rights and quality of life has been possible because of strong economic growth that the country achieved during this period. Political systems in the Nordic countries are always based on the politics of consensus and compromise and all relevant political parties generally support the model of vulnerable countries. Extremely well organized and united trade unions with membership in Sweden, Denmark and Finland by as much as over 70 percent of employees were the key and indispensable factor in all social negotiation, sharing the vision of a society of equality, justice and prosperity. These have contributed to creating a strong and constructive culture of tolerance and negotiation between governments and trade unions, employers and workers.
 In addition to Finland, which has its hard-won independence, and paid the price of civil war, the other Nordic countries have enjoyed a long period of peace and prosperity, but without major consequences to the last period of severe economic depression, the 1930-ies. Most of them, except for Finland again, as compared to the rest of Europe are relatively well and passed through the cataclysm of World War II. Since the end of 1940-ies, the Nordic model is positioned as a possible third way - between the conflicting ideologies of global free markets and capitalism on the one hand and the Soviet model of communism. The Nordic countries also improve socio-economic model in which a very high level of government intervention in the economy, but also in all segments of society well-tolerated by the citizens, while a very strong private sector, an active policy of labor export policy and strengthening. Those who strongly advocate the principle of human freedom and individuality to antagonize the Nordic welfare model, just the fact certain limitations on freedom of determination and mixing state in many segments of life.
 Late 20 century, traditional industries based on raw materials and producing a relatively uncompetitive product leads the country, mainly Sweden and Finland in a very severe economic crisis. Immediately after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Finland lost 70 percent of exports and faces the worst crisis since independence. Apart from Iceland, which continues the tradition of fishing and energy independence and Norway that its economic power is largely based on the commercialization of rich oil reserves, the three other Nordic countries, faced with a crisis, turn to developing a strong information technology and telephony services and increased spending for Science, Research and development of technological innovations. Very quickly, precisely in those areas, the Swedish Ericsson and Finnish Nokia are becoming world leaders, and unless the economic dimension, both companies strongly reinforce the confidence of nations and encourage innovation society. From the bottom of the OECD&#39;s list of economic growth 1990th, Sweden and Finland are just a few years, thanks to the government&#39;s shift towards high technology and competitive, educated workforce, and state policy of solidarity and encouraging innovation again assumed a leading position in the economic and social ladder OECD, particularly in spending for research and development.
 Today, virtually all Nordic countries except Iceland, which is under the burden of acute financial crisis, still in the very top of the world by numerous criteria, of economic prosperity, quality education, social and health care systems as well as safety and quality of life. Unlike some other parts of Europe, social rights in the Nordic countries generally do not determine the law for collective bargaining. Theorists of the Nordic model indicate the importance of effective and strong rule of law with clear and transparent mechanisms to regulate business, but at the same time and in a very liberal markets, low trade barriers and obstacles and simple regulation of financial markets. The Nordic countries, however, is characterized by very high levels of public spending, so in Sweden, Denmark and Finland, public spending more than half of GDP, while for example in a number of other EU member states about one third of GDP.
 Permanent and secure job in the public service has over one third of total employment, and financial assistance and unemployment pensions are relatively high. All Nordic countries very much set aside for education, research and development. (Denmark as much as 7 percent of GDP, Sweden 6.5 percent, and Finland 6 percent). Over 80 percent of Swedes each year passes at least one additional training or training program. It is this institutionalized system of lifelong learning provides the Nordic countries to truly be a knowledge society and knowledge-based economy. And only such an economy provides the economic prosperity needed for the maintenance of prosperity and high social benefits. Finland devotes to research and development of 3.7 percent of GDP, which is almost twice that of most other EU countries. Of course, that such an incentive system for innovation allows Finnish products of high competitiveness in the global market.
 By the number of protected patents Nordic countries substantially exceed most European countries. Due to the small population, the Nordic countries are forced to export their own production target, which is of course necessary to constantly invest in competitiveness. But we try to extract the main factors that contributed to the successful implementation of the Nordic model of social equality and welfare state, we observe that in fact there is no monolithic and identical model of development is typical of all five Nordic countries. So are Sweden and Denmark as the &quot;old&quot; empires throughout its history, systematically opposing the &quot;new&quot; Nordic countries formed only in the 20 century (Norway 1905, Finland 1917, Island 1944). Today, five Nordic countries consist of three monarchies, two republics, a different degree of foreign policy of neutrality and different profiles of the political spectrum in the country. Some analysts describe why the Nordic model &quot;as one model with five characteristics.
 What is, however, in common is sufficient administrative capacity to implement complex system of social reform and setting the desired system of social and health insurance. It is important to note that in all five Nordic countries, the long period of economic prosperity and political stability, and perhaps most contributed to the formulation of the welfare state that at a very high level, ensuring the rights of all its citizens. The state simply has to be efficient, but also rich enough to be able to finance a high level of social rights and allocations. Although it is not possible to speak of a single path or recipe to build a social state typical for the Nordic and Scandinavian countries, though they can be distinguished as a separate category of liberal welfare states (eg USA, Canada, Australia) where there is a line dividing those who their social rights are directly linked to the market with a minority of poor people whose livelihood depends largely on obtaining social assistance, as well as conservative social regimes in which welfare depends on the person&#39;s status in the labor market and the state&#39;s role in ensuring social rights often takes the church, family, a political system characterized by the traditional structure of society.
 The term welfare state (welfare state) what course to promote the Nordic countries has a positive connotation, although the same term on the other side of the Atlantic often implies a negative process of transferring responsibility to the individual country, and unnecessarily high tax rates to &quot;stifle&quot; economic vitality. To be referred to the social model could take place, the tax burden are of course very high, exceeding 50 percent of GDP in Sweden to 43 percent in Finland, for example, the difference from Ireland, where under one third of GDP. Similarly, the amount of VAT in the Nordic countries is higher than in most other EU member states. Tax burdens are especially high in the service industry. The proponents of classical liberal economics, but the amount of taxes, will further antagonize the Nordic socio-economic model of excessive role of government in which they inhibit the development of national economy. However, if we compare the indexes of economic freedom, all the five Nordic countries placed very high, so that eg
 2008th all five Nordic countries were among the top seven countries in the Index of Economic Freedom. Are there, however, some immediate and foreseeable threats to the Nordic welfare model? One of the main challenges for the Nordic welfare model is the issue of globalization and &quot;overly narrow&quot; concept of nation-states. Specifically, the ownership structure of most large companies increasing the share of international capital, which naturally affects the policy conduct leading Nordic corporations. Very high tax burden with high labor costs, government encourages these companies to move their operations outside their home countries. For instance, Nokia retained only a few manufacturing plants in Finland, a majority of the dislocirala in countries with much lower tax rate and salaries of employees. These days, Nokia has as its new president elected Canadian Stephen Elopa, for the first time a person who is not Finnish.
 Of course the decision was sparked numerous protests and public outcry, and pointed to the new trend of Nordic megakompanija, which over time fewer and fewer remain truly Nordic and increasingly serve as important symbols of national pride and the basis of economic power. In otprilike12 percent of shares in Nokia, Finland has a significant portion is related to pension funds and any disruption or dislocation of the company to reflect in part the pension benefits, and thus the social aspects of the state. All this shows how difficult today to develop socio-economic model within a narrow national framework. In general, international ownership structure, the dynamics of business and a constant struggle for competitiveness and profits are increasingly ignoring important social role that companies play in a society. What is the morality and ethics in business megakompanija best daily news show that we face.
 The recent financial collapse on Wall Street brought the world into a new period of social uncertainty, where a few wrong keystrokes brokers bring before the bankruptcy of millions of people. With global competition, one of the main challenges for the sustainability of the Nordic welfare model is the issue of aging populations and increasing disturbance ratio of those actively earn, and those who depend on pensions but also on all other modes of public assistance. Threat to the sustainability of the Nordic model of social welfare is also increasing mobility and free movement of capital, goods and people to the typical process of EU integration. Therefore, it becomes a test of tolerance Nordic and generally prosperous Western countries to the increased wave of immigration, assimilation and multiculturalism. The political scene a number of these countries has recently recorded strong growth of the radical right, and trends that will prevail will best show how truly universal tolerance in the Nordic countries, and the Nordic model for all citizens viable.
 The Nordic social model with universal rights and privileges for all citizens, of course, requires a high budgetary allocations, and the lessons of these countries indicates the need to retain ownership or control over at least a significant segment of national economy and retaining sufficient leeway for state intervention. Simply speaking, the answer to the question of how large companies actually owned by the Croatian best shows how realistically achieve the classic Nordic welfare model. And likewise, a strong state economy will find ways to help all its citizens regardless of how the socio-economic model name. National prosperity, however, requires a high level of education, innovation and turning to high technology and competitive products, and adequate economic space for the realization of all potential and ultimately creating the necessary national budget.
 If the state budget is sufficient, for its distribution is the easiest way to ensure consensus. And precisely this is the key lesson of the Nordic model.
 