The New York Times Landon Thomas Jr. For decades, saying that Turkey is not ready to join the European Union, the Economic prenazadna to qualify for membership. This argument may no longer hold water. Today Turkey is a fast growing economic power with a solid core of internationally competitive companies that converted this youthful nation in entrepreneurial focus, to include exports to rich markets of Russia and the Middle East, while also attracting millions of dollars of investment. For many countries in Europe, weary of debt, which can be considered lucky if you fill in the budget this year for one percent, the Turkish economic renaissance (late June, Turkey has reported a whopping increase of 11.4 percent, just behind China) sets a completely new question: who Who needs more, Turkey Europe or Europe to Turkey? &quot;The old forces lose power in the economic and intellectual sense,&quot; said Vural Ak (42), founder and CEO Intercityja, the largest car leasing company in Turkey.
 &quot;But Turkey is now strong enough to maintain itself.&quot; Astonishing transformation of this economy, which is only ten years ago had a budget deficit amounting to 16 percent of gross domestic product and inflation of 72 percent. The roots of this transformation to conceive the advent to power of Prime Minister Recep Erdogan Tayipa, which is connected with social conservatism fiscally cautious economic moves that would make her party rights and Development Party (AKP) dominant political movement in Turkey since the earliest days of the republic. &quot;This is a world of dreams,&quot; says Husnu M. Ozyegin, who became the richest man in Turkey after in 2006. Finansbank, he sold his National Bank of Greece. While sitting on the roof terrace of his Swiss hotel with five stars, the BlackBerry check the latest information on debts owed to countries in the eurozone. We still do not fully believe what they see. &quot;Greece 980th Italy 194, and here is Turkey with 192, satisfied smiles.
 &quot;To save me ten years ago said that the credit risk of Turkey equalized with those Italian, I&#39;d say you&#39;re crazy.&quot; Ozyegin is representative of the old guard of the Turkish business elite that has embraced the Erdogan government for its economic success. Less well-known fact, but equally important for the future of Turkey, Regarding the rapid increase in the number of socially conservative business mogul. Ak, a manager at the company autoleasing is a true example of this new business elite. Drives a Ferrari, but also practice Islam, does not drink, and do not feel ashamed to speak about his faith. It is not linked to the secular consensus is present in commercial, military and judicial elites 20th century, which has long struggled to keep Islam out of public life. On the wall above his desk is a framed passage from the Quran in Arabic, and recently Ak funded program of Islamic science at George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia, near Washington.
 Whether to accept Islam as a set of rules which takes your life or the Israeli irrigation technology for its growing business of growing almonds and walnuts, Ak is the flexible dynamics, both social and economic, which has enabled Turkey expansion and strengthening of trade links with Israel, Russia , Saudi Arabia, Iran and Syria, which now serves as a momentum to Turkey&#39;s ambition to become a dominant political player in the region. In June, Turkey&#39;s exports grew by 13 percent compared with last year, with most demand coming from neighboring countries or countries in the region. Because of their own underdeveloped production basis are eager to buy Turkish candy, cars and televisions with new flat screen. In Iran, the Turkish companies are building plants for the production of artificial fertilizers, produce diapers and feminine hygiene products. In Iraq, the group Acarsan just won the public tender, which was given the job of building five hospitals.
 Nobody here does not deny that these trends give Erdogan legitimacy, both at home and abroad, to censure Israel or negotiate with Iran on nuclear energy, which are moves that shook a strong bond with longtime Turkish main ally and supporter of the United States. Turkey is this year in Iran and Syria exported goods worth 1.6 billion dollars, 200 million dollars more than the U.S.. But some are worried that this demonstration of power gone too far and that the aggressive tone toward Israel could threaten the defining principle of Turkey&#39;s founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk, which reads: &quot;Peace at home, peace in the world. &quot;Turkey&#39;s foreign policy is good if you are proud of him because of it,&quot; said Ferda Yildiz, President of Basara Holding conglomerate that is negotiating with the Syrian government on the construction of factories for electricity meters in Syria. Despite warning that it is a mistake to focus only on the expansion to the East, especially if it occurred at the expense of long-standing tendency of the Turkish West as a place of innovation and inspiration.
 &quot;To build relationships required centuries, and to stop a minute,&quot; Yildiz said. Taken from: poslovni.hr Related articles: Posted in: Economy
 