Easter uprising was a milestone in Irish history and Irish history of the island because it marks the beginning of the creation of the modern Irish state we know today. Although brutally suppressed the uprising encouraged the outbreak of the Anglo-Irish war, which has further sharpened the Irish national consciousness and forced the British to make concessions and seriously devote himself to the decision of the Irish national question. The Irish question, with its roots dating back to the twelfth century, began to intensify after the success of the French Revolution and the Revolution 1848th when national awakening did not bypass any Irish people. The British government eventually weaken Irish in their demands, but was not ready to give up power on the Irish because they feared that the island could serve her enemies as a base for attacks on British soil. In the second half of the nineteenth century, Irish people are beginning to significantly associate of the revolutionary forces and paramilitary organizations, but fail to find the resources and the proper way to liberation from the British crown.
 It was not until the early twentieth century and the outbreak of World War II gets a chance to military means to pressure the British government outcomes significant concessions and went through the realization of the Irish Republic. But even though just before the start of World War II civil war in the Irish seemed inevitable though it was, for the universal good, the outbreak of World War II pushed into the background because the British government tried to get support for Irish clash against Germany and its allies (1). The Irish question than a political has a religious dimension, because the island with the majority Irish Catholic population lives and a large number of Protestants, the descendants of English settlers, that the British crown and government for centuries systematically settled on the island. Protestants were mostly lived (and live today) in the province of Ulster in the northern part of the island. They are politically and socially privileged which is further strengthened Irish frustration and contributed to the strengthening of Irish national consciousness and nation-building.
 Protestants rightly feared that the establishment of the Irish Republic to become second-class citizens and that will probably be expelled from the island. Mainly for these reasons are starting to join in the political and militant organizations kojma goal is political and military means to preserve the Union of Great Britain and Ireland. Godine 1905. Established Ulstersko Unionist Fraternity (Ulster Unionist Council), which since its founding has a great impact on the Unionist movement and complete protenstantski extremism. (2) In January 1913th was established by militant extremists protenstantski udružnje called Ulsterski volunteers (Ulster Volunteer Force), whose aim is to prevent all possible means the establishment of the Irish Republic or some form of government. (3) Their violent methods resulted in the emergence of militant Catholic organizations, among which are starting to emphasize the Irish Volunteers ( Irish Volunteer Force), which were initially numbered about 170 000 people, and received support from the Irish Republican brotherhood, the first national organization founded in the mid nineteenth century. (4) On Easter Monday 1916th
 Irish volunteers along with other militant organizations run Catholic Easter Uprising (Easter Rising) in the Irish capital city of Dublin. Originally planned to launch an uprising in the 1915th year, but due to fear of failure shifted to spring 1916th year. The rebels had hoped that their actions coincide with the expected German landing on the island and that the German support to achieve complete victory. The British government came to the information that the Irish saved a rising Germany and that they provide logistical support and has begun work on its prevention and suppression. On 24 April 1916. about 1000 volunteers went to the main post office in Dublin, which won without much trouble, and it formed the main headquarters of the uprising, and were occupied and some other important buildings in Dublin, where they captured several British soldiers. At the head of the rebels are Professor Patrick Pearse, leader of the Irish Volunteers, and James Connolly, leader of the Irish citizen army (Irish Citizen Army). (5) The uprising spread to nearly the entire Dublin in which the rebels seized several buildings and important strategic location, and was built in several cities in the rest of Ireland.
 The rebels proclaimed the Irish Republic, the buildings are set two Irish flags, and then immediately a crowd gathered Patrick Pearse read the text of the proclamation of the Republic. (6) The British government immediately responded and sent military units in Dublin to resolve the matter summarily. Use of force justify the World War II from which it must not divert attention to domestic issues, and the irony is that the units responsible for the suppression of the uprising was largely composed of soldiers of Irish nationality. (7) The army was initially slow to act, but then got considerable reinforcements, and on her forehead is placed General John Maxwell. He decided to break the firing main insurgent stronghold where it is not at all worried about the preservation of the nearby monuments and buildings, and even the lives of civilians it seems they were not too important. As the week progressed, the rebel forces were increased, but not enough to be numerically surpassed the British forces.
 At the height of the rebellion the Irish revolutionaries numbered about 1600 soldiers while the British forces from the original 4500 increased to approximately 20 000 soldiers. (8) Irish resistance is literally break cannons, and lasted until Saturday 29th April 1916. Then he realized that Patrick Pearse is the further struggle in vain and that resistance will not achieve anything other than a still greater number of dead civilians and Irish volunteers. He came out of the ruins with a white flag in his hands, laid down his arms and unconditionally surrendered to British military commanders. (9) Then in the coming days followed by 15 executions of prominent rebels, a total of 90 sentenced to death by the Irish. (10) Total number of military casualties during and after the uprising is estimated at about 550, the death toll at about 250 civilians and the wounded and injured was more than 3 000 (11). Although it is not assumed broad territorial scope and was not sveirski, the uprising was due to the participation of political parties Sinn Fein gained a political dimension that has ensured the continuation of the struggle and legitimate means.
 The party Sinn Fein (Ourselfs Alone, We Alone), founded in 1907. year, again not represented a radical republican-nationalist views but has worked on creating a unified national movement, freed of the religious influences and the fight for Irish autonomy. (12) However, the party used the atmosphere caused by the brutal strangulation of the uprising, and has become a leading factor in Irish political Republican movement. Its leader, Eamon de Valera, was one of the few leaders of the uprising that has managed to avoid execution, and will in the coming months and years to play an important role in the Irish struggle for independence. In addition, the uprising marked the beginning of Anglo-Irish War, which will end the division of the island of Ireland to Northern Ireland and the Irish Free State, which would later inherit the Republic of Ireland. From the Easter Uprising and the Anglo-Irish War spawned the Irish Republican Army (Irish Republican Army) as a successor of the Irish Volunteers, and as one of the best organized and most enduring paramilitary organizations will play an important role in the Irish and British history of the twentieth century.
 Note 1 VII No, Northern Ireland between war and peace, Zagreb, 2005., Pp. 94. 2nd Ibid. 91. 3rd Mirko Bilanždić, Perspectives on Conflict in Northern Ireland: The End of an IRA or a United Ireland, Polemus 9 (2006) 2, pp. 73rd-99th 4th VII No, Northern Ireland between war and peace, Zagreb, 2005., Pp. 93. 5th Dominique Venner, A History of Terrorism, Zagreb, 2005., Pp. 74. 6th Easter Rising, available at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Easter_Rising (04.09.2010.) 7 Dominique Venner, A History of Terrorism, Zagreb, 2005., Pp. 75. 8th Easter Rising 1916, available at: http://www.easter1916.net/ (04.09.2010.) 9 Dominique Venner, A History of Terrorism, Zagreb, 2005., Pp. 75. 10th Easter Rising, available at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Easter_Rising (04.09.2010.) 11 Easter Rising 1916, available at: http://www.easter1916.net/ (04.09.2010.) 12 Mirko Bilanždić, Perspectives on Conflict in Northern Ireland: The End of an IRA or a United Ireland, Polemus 9 (2006) 2, pp.
 73rd-99th Tags spammers Quote this article on your site To create link towards this article on your website, copy and paste the text below in your page. Easter ustanak07.10.2010. Easter uprising was a milestone in Irish history and Irish history of the island because it marks the beginning of the creation of the modern Irish state what ... Croatian Historical Portal Preview: Easter Uprising 07.10.2010. Easter uprising was a milestone in Irish history and Irish history of the island because it marks the beginning of the creation of the modern Irish state what ... Croatian Historical Portal Powered by QuoteThis © 2008 Hits: 376 Comments (0) Show / Hide comments Post a comment You must be logged in to post a comment. Please register if you do not have an account. &gt;&gt;
 