Jews are Semitic (see SEM) people who live in Israel, and scattered in Europe, America and the world. There are no reliable data on the time and cause of immigration into Europe, and historical sources mention them since ancient times. They were subjected to frequent persecution of the largest of which was the Holocaust. In the 20th century, especially after the Second World War, settled in Palestine where the established state of Israel. Jews of Samarkand. Contents: 1 Name second Jews and people of third language Ten lost tribes 4th A brief history of the fall of the Temple in Jerusalem 5th Traditions 6th See also 7th References This article or any part requires Linguistic processing. The article will be rearranged in accordance with grammatical and / or grammar rules of the standard Croatian language. This article is part of the article or not covered by the sources (books, web sites etc.) help Wikipedia by specifying the appropriate source. 1st
 Hebrew Name יהודים (izg. Yehudi, pl. Yehudi = Judah) is the source of our calls Jews, and called in many other languages (German: Juden, eng. Jews). This name, which was created by one of the Jewish tribes (Judah), begins to be used when the kingdom of Israel split into North and South (Judah), particularly after the return from Babylonian captivity. Hebrew term B&#39;nei Yisrael (Israel) to denote the northern and southern walls. Their religion is Judaism, which are tightly linked throughout the world. Jews who live in areas that once belonged to the Ottoman Empire is often called Ćifuti. This name originated from the Turkish Çifut and is often used in a negative context. Some languages perform a name for Jews of the Hebrew עברימ (cited yvrim = Hebrews; lip. Jews, Ital. Ebre). Interestingly, the regular abuse of the roots of the &quot;wall&quot; in the Russian led, because of significant resistance in the intellectual circles of the 19th
 century, the displacements uvrijedljivog called &quot;wall&quot; samonazivom &quot;Jew&quot;. In Croatia, such resistance has never been, and the old name &quot;Jew&quot; has remained until today, but for example in Slovenia, the &quot;wall&quot; is considered an insult, a proper name is &quot;Jud.&quot;
 