Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: This is how it was during the European EURO 2008 ™. At the Olympic stadium in Berlin before a sold-out grandstands game derby group A. And the Germans and Turks in the first two qualifying match won by a maximum six points and are the main candidates for direct placement on Euro 2012. Both teams will compete in a somewhat weakened structure. &quot;Elf&quot; will run out on the lawn without a standard team player Bastian Schweinsteiger, and the Turks lacking Arda Turan. Clash between Germany and Turkey in the middle of Berlin is not a match like any other - it will be a match in which both are hosts to be practical. In the capital of Germany very much alive Turkish immigrants, it is expected that the balance of power in the stands the Olympic stadium to be 50-50 percent. In the city all week, feeling a special atmosphere, everywhere several flags of the two countries, on the television entertainment show in which German-show star power is tested by his colleagues who come from Turkey.
 &quot;Germans&quot; in Turkish uniform special atmosphere and will rule on the lawn. The Turkish team menu Guus Hiddink is currently seven professionals who have learned the craft of football - in Germany. Hamit Altintop (Bayern Munich), his brother Halil (Eintracht Frankfurt), Nuri Sahin (Borussia Dortmund), Ömer Erdogan (Bursaspor, formerly St. Pauli), Ceyhun Gülselam (Tranzonspor, earlier Unterhaching), Hakan Balta (Galatasaray Istanbul, formerly Hertha BSC) and Özer Hurmaci (Fenerbache Istanbul, earlier KSV Baunatal) were born in Germany as children of guest workers. Given the large reservoir of Turkish talent throughout Europe (in Germany alone there are more than three million Turkish immigrants), the Turkish Football Federation systematically follows the boy&#39;s career Turkish roots even if it is a superb talent trying to attract them to perform in a red shirt with a crescent on the chest . Bildunterschrift: In Europe there are some offices where the scouts sit with a clear order: those in their area have the potential to find a Turkish national players and at times they &quot;steal&quot; the German Football Association.
 In Cologne operates scout Erdal Keser, he coordinates the activities of as many as 25 of their assistants, who week after week watching the interesting performances of players. Complications arise when he finds potencijelnog candidates for the national jersey. Talents must be convinced that the best solution for them to perform in Turkey - even though they were born in Germany and no problem can (theoretically) play and &quot;Elf.&quot; At this point, behind the scenes takes a real &quot;war&quot; of German and Turkish Football Federation over a 20-year Taner Yalcin (Soldinog from Cologne), 21-year-old Omer Toprak (Freiburg), 19-year-old Ilkay Gundogan (Nuremberg) and 20-year-old Mehmet Ekicija. Keser no secret of Turkish interests, but adds that there is no pressure on players, but that &quot;they themselves have to decide who to play.&quot; The Germans, however recently visited these players to help them in personal conversation perspectives presented in the uniform of &quot;Elf.&quot; Keser says he often talks to the families of the players, their friends and those conversations appeals to &quot;national sentiments&quot; of Turkish immigrants.
 Players from the two countries Bildunterschrift: Marko Marin from Lukas Podolski and Joachim Loewe on going to the World Cup this year in South Africa. The decision is often critical role parents have the right players. It is known that for many Turks, the highest honor to play in the national jersey, their pride in them, or anything else not allowed. But there are exceptions. Mesut Özil was born in the middle Ruhr area, but at home they said only Turkish. However, he apparently decided for pragmatic reasons for Germany. As a team, &quot;Elf&quot; has a better lobby and earns more, says Özilov &quot;countryman Hamit Altintop in an interview. Thanks to the good at the World Championships, he was in the summer transfer window from Werder Bremen moved to Real Madrid. His longtime friend Nuri Sahin has a very a similar life story - but the Borussia Dortmund player has decided to Turkey. &quot;I am happy that I have two homelands, but Turkey is my first, and Germany my second home,&quot; he says.
 Similar examples also exist in many other national football associations. Mladen Petric and Ivan Rakitic grew up in Switzerland, where they passed the school football - and they decided to play in the Croatian national team. To them, many Swiss still have not forgiven him. Josip Simunic could play for Australia, but his charm was a &quot;fiery&quot; jersey. Marko Marin (Werder Bremen) is theoretically able to perform both BiH and Serbia, but opted for Germany. Neven Subotic (Borussia Dortmund) also had several options: he could choose to play for team USA, Bosnia, Germany and Serbia - and opted for Serbia. Author: S. Matic (AFP / sid / dpa / Sid) Re. Editor: Svetozar Savić
 