He went to Japan as a missionary in August 1945. He lived in a Jesuit house at the edge of Hiroshima. Luhmer still lives in Japan and remembers what happened 65 years ago. Hot day in Hiroshima Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: Father Klaus Luhmer 6th August 1945. was a hot day in Hiroshima. Early morning temperature was 30 degrees in the shade. Father Klaus Luhmer walked the garden Jesuit home in Hiroshima to pray the rosary. Suddenly he heard something unusual. &quot;At 8:14, I first heard the noise of aircraft B29. It was the bomber. And then it appeared something that I could not understand. Zasljepljivalo is more than the sun, it looked like a hemisphere. Instinctively, I thought it was an ordinary bomb exploded behind a hill. &quot; But what Klaus Luhmer saw that morning was not an ordinary bomb. It was the detonation of atomic bombs, four kilometers away, the center of Hiroshima.
 Luhmer sought shelter. He ran upstairs to the basement. Escaped at the last minute. &quot;When I saw the flash, zapuhnuo me a warm wave. I felt the pressure. The house was shaking, three quarters tiles fell from the roof like rain and broke all the glass in the windows. The whole house was surrounded porazbijanim glass and tile. Bildunterschrift: &quot;Atomic Mushroom&quot; spread over the cities of the world knew but they do not yet Shortly after the BBC reported that the United States over Japan dropped an atomic bomb. In Hiroshima, however, people still had no idea about it. To better see what happened, Klaus Luhmer climbed the hill behind the house. From there he saw the whole mountain Hiroshima. I even saw something: &quot;The sky was clear. But suddenly, while I stood on the hill were gathered and the black clouds began to rain. It was a black rain. Full of ashes.&quot; Bildunterschrift: Großansicht des Bildes mit der Bildunterschrift: This is the house of Klaus Luhmer suffered atomic explosion soon as the house of the Jesuits of the first casualties began to arrive.
 Their skin was hanging from the bones like a patch. Woven garments blended them with the skin. The priests were in the dining room table used for bandaging the wounded. Im still not clear what happened. The only thing they know is that it should help. Some of them are referred to the city. There burning everywhere. Houses were destroyed, among the ruins of dead and wounded. &quot;We saw some forty soldiers in uniform, pouluizgorenih. They cried for help, just quietly said, Misumisumisu - water, water&quot;. Two days helping the Jesuits. Then the Japanese military hermetically closed and the city it sent troops. &quot;Their task was to collect corpses from the rubble, put on them in a pile, throw gasoline and fire. This is all that remains of the people. Počisitli August 8, the entire city of corpses&quot;. Bildunterschrift: Boulevard of peace in the center of Hiroshima today Exhausted Jesuits returned to his house, but there it was waiting for the same job. One girl from the neighborhood where the Lehmar giving piano lessons was standing at the door.
 Her father was killed: &quot;Help us&quot;. To spared his wife and daughter of the unpleasant tasks, the Jesuits were ordered burned and burned the body. &quot;The smell of bonfires, which spread from the body never locked. But to the people after such a disaster yet again stand on their feet, that&#39;s what&#39;s fascinating in a man&#39;s life. Daklje Life goes further.&#39;s Always on.&quot; Author: Silke Ballweg / S. Kobešćak Re. ed: A, Subic
 