30.12.2009.-2.1.2010. Day 1: Zagreb - London meeting passengers at the airport in Zagreb two hours before the departure of the aircraft at the information desk. Croatia Airlines flight from Zagreb to London on the line OU 490 at 8:35 pm. Arriving in London at 10:00 hours local time. Panoramic bus tour of London: Oxford Circus - Marble Arch - Westminster Abbey - Tower of London - Parliament - Buckingham Palace - Knightsbridge - Hyde Park - City of London - the Cathedral of St.. Paul - Thames Coast - Kensington Park - Royal Albert Hall - West End - Trafalgar Square. Accommodation at the hotel. Free time for personal applications. Overnight. 2nd Day: LONDON Breakfast. Going with companion travel to Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament, through the headquarters of British Prime Minister in Downing Street, the Royal Guard on horseback, to Trafalgar Square. Individual trip to the National Gallery, one of the world&#39;s most famous art galleries.
 Walk to Covent Garden. Free time to visit the other major London museums (Victoria and Albert, British Museum, Wax Museum Madame Tussaud&#39;s, the Tate Gallery, etc.). Possible optional boat trip on the Thames or visit one of the famous London department store: the famous Harrods, the world of toys uHamleysu or Selfridges on Oxford Street. Free time for personal applications. Possible departure of the evening at Trafalgar Square on New Year&#39;s Eve in the open (possible organization of New Year&#39;s Eve to open the exclusive jurisdiction of the city tourist office). Overnight. 3rd Day: LONDON --- HAPPY NEW YEAR! Breakfast. Joint travel companion to go to &quot;New Year parade and festival - a traditional prvosiječanjsku procession through the streets of London. It is anticipated participation of 10 000 performers from 20 countries around the world, musicians and dancers, a brass band, famous actors, school choirs, read the Queen&#39;s New Year message, the presence of Mayor of London.
 Upon completion of a three-hour parade optional panoramic going to ride the wheels, &quot;British Airways London Eye&quot; with a magnificent view of the city. Free time for personal progarm. Overnight. 4th Day: LONDON - ZAGREB Breakfast. Check-out rooms. Going with the travel companion to the British Museum (individual tour bvrlo valuable Zbitke). Free time until transfer to the airport. Croatia Airlines flight from London to Zagreb on the line OU 493 at 16:40 hours local time. Arrival in Zagreb at 19:55 PM. PRICE PER PERSON IN DOUBLE ROOM: ................ EUR 3990 Single supplement: ....................................... 1670 EUR Discount for children from 2-12 years on extra bed: .... 20% discount Adult on extra bed: .................... Mandatory 5% surcharge for airline fees: ........................... 830 kn are subject to change - the final amount of duties is confirmed as issuing airline tickets.
 Surcharge per person for departures from Split, Zadar, Dubrovnik and Pula: 370 EUR + airline fees (flight availability and confirmation on request!) PRICE INCLUDES: • Transportation by air-London-Zagreb Zagreb • Accommodation in 4 * hotel in the city center in a double rooms with shower / WC / TV based on bed and continental buffet breakfast • Watchers • Transfer to / from the airport in London • Half day city tour by bus and walking tours • Public Transportation • Travel • Health insurance costs for the organization and the sales price excludes: • Aviation • entrance fees for cultural and historical monuments and museums that are not listed as included • Optional facilities • map • public transport costs of personal customer facultative CONTENT AND PRICES TICKET (according to the state in August 2010. vol. and may be subject to change): • Wax Museum figure of Madame Tussaud (individual tickets £ 28), British Airways London Eye (individual tickets £ 19) • The price of driving down the Thames River to Greenwich and back: £ 12.50 • Westminster Abbey • £ 15 St Paul&#39;s Cathedral £ 12.50 • National museums free (British Museum, National Gallery, Tate Modern, etc.) Minimum number of passengers reported: 15 A
 