Among the few heroes who paraliziranoj corruption in the country of her ranks to speak out openly Drazen Gorjanski, Osijek physician and an employee of the Croatian Health Insurance Institute. Because of references to corruption organization of home care was dismissed as president of the Council of Medical Committee, and aimed at pointing out possible corruption in his department was transferred to another position. After the presentation of works which question the reasonableness of the profit healthcare organization, the Steering Committee of the Croatian society of medical experts of health insurance forbade him to write about &quot;sensitive issues&quot; at the congresses of the Company. Inspired by his own experience he founded Hippocrates Fund, an association to help people who suffer because of references to corruption in health care. S Gorjanski are for H-Alter spoke on the occasion of the release of his second book, &quot;Corruption in the Croatian health care.&quot; Collaborators in the writing of the book were his Lidija Gajski, N. Škaričić, Srecko Slade and Matko Marusic.
 Please note that the party is an employee of the Croatian Institute for health insurance, but all views expressed and all received opinions are solely the personal views and thoughts and are not official positions CIHI. How is corruption in the health care differs from corruption in other parts of the Croatian society? Quite a number of places and forms of corruption in health care that is, except that in the end, stealing from patients rather than healthy people, no different from the plunder of corruption in other public services. However, in healthcare there is a form of corruption, which despite being, I am inclined to believe, quite rare, according to its meaning is indeed characteristic. It is the corruption with which the doctor, abusive its position in the system financially blackmail the patient and thus determines the availability of a medical service or treatment. For the understanding of all the weight of this form of corruption is necessary to understand the essence of the relationship of doctors and patients, and specificity of the treatment.
 Unquestionably, he is the kind of help a sick member of the community as old as mankind. In all human communities there are individuals who are služil, and was its magical powers, any knowledge of healing (or both), to help the patient. In doing so, the healers always enjoyed the full confidence of all members of the community, trust in that he never suspected. So, we can say that the only treatment is based on centuries-old built by the unquestioning trust between patient and doctor. During the process of healing shaman, healer or doctor always has a superior attitude towards the patient - he is healthy, powerful, secret knowledge of the government and its powers, often saving the patient from death. On the other, the patient is completely subordinate condition: sick, weak, helpless, frightened and without any knowledge of how to help yourself. Such a relationship in the treatment where the doctor completely overwhelming the patient is referred to as a parent.
 Although the states in order for successful treatment should establish a collaborative relationship, a relationship is not inferior and superior, the highest number of cases (especially when it comes to severe disease), however, a parental relationship. How can a parent reported that physicians and patients? In this patient because of inability, lack of knowledge and obvious inability to cope with the disease, independent, full and undivided confidence teaching your health (and often life) into the hands of a doctor, assuming the role of a helpless child, while the doctor, accepting the full responsibility of this heavy burden, takes the role of parents. In this way, the relation between parent and child, an all-natural form of complete and unquestioning trust in nature that is as old as the care of offspring. In that respect the older members, members with more power, knowledge and experience (the parent), take care and assist in the development of younger, smaller, weaker and less knowledge (the child).
 If we understand corruption in health care as well as neutralization of the inherent pattern of behavior, deeply seated subconscious patterns between the parents towards the child, then she only gets its true size. Not a bit of corruption in the relationship between doctors and patients in the amounts of money (which are, after all, in comparison with corruption in other parts of the public service is almost irrelevant), but just in protuprirodnosti such an act. All of the above is true when we talk about corruption, which a doctor using his position in the system of stealing from patients, and from the system. However, in health systems is significantly more frequent corruption that has resulted in plunder of resources from the system, rather than the patient, and not directly from the patient. For both these, non-personal, corruption is ultimately re-take of resources for treating the sick. In the book &quot;Corruption in the Croatian health care&quot; you wrote that despite the open commitment of the Government to combat corruption, the Government is not in any way rehabilitated and those who previously appeared on corruption.
 So Srecko Slade with the Institute of Immunology and still under suspension as he pointed to the lack of transparency in the case of swine flu. How to interpret? If we accept the fact that it really occurred during the fight against corruption to assume that he will follow a kind of apology and rehabilitation of those who died fighting against corruption even before it became &quot;fashionable&quot;. And do not miss these great: just remember the most prominent Ankica Lepej Balenović Vesna, Igor Radjenovic, Vesna Majer, Medical Journal and the last in a series - Srecko Sladoljeva. Appropriate reference to honor these courageous and highly moral people the government admitted its failure (or failures of their predecessors) and is clearly set according to past and future when it comes to corruption. However, such a procedure is missing. The refusal of rehabilitation of persons who have paid a high price to point to corruption sends a clear message to citizens - corruption and the fight against corruption is our job, and you, the citizens, that you may not participate.
 If you participate, we will leave you at the mercy of those indicated by neglect might indicate a sort of privatizing the fight against corruption and the pursuit of keeping everything under control in connection with corruption. If the assumptions were correct, rejecting the current rehabilitation of fighters against corruption, the Government indicated to us a few messages. One of them would be: We have the exclusive right to control corruption. The government will decide when and who will &quot;reveal&quot;, which process, which closed. Whether the reason for &quot;the discovery of corruption&quot; to be intra-purge, or compliance with European requirements, or to &quot;game&quot; to citizens in terms of when the &quot;bread&quot; less, or all three in different proportions, the public might not never know. Finally, one of the most life threatening message could refer to the citizens: citizens, do not even think to be involved in combating corruption.
 The refusal of rehabilitation of persons who have paid a high price to point to corruption and before &quot;political turn&quot; send a clear message to citizens - corruption and the fight against corruption is our job, and you, the citizens, that you may not participate. If you participate, we will leave you at the mercy of those appearing. In other words, you&#39;ll get fired, be on the street, destroy the family, will judge you, and we will not provide any protection. Does this mean that expecting the government would at some point to leave the story of corruption, such as when to stop EU requirements? If we assume that all of the above is true, then we can expect an abrupt end (just as it was sudden and rapid onset) to fight corruption. Citizens who they believed it was &quot;now finally performed the rule of law&quot;, so they decide to accept the invitation of the Government, will be found in the same condition as they like before the &quot;change clothes&quot;.
 Does the Government to show that the current attitude towards corruption is not a reflection of the internal party struggle, external coercion or daily political purposes, it is necessary to combat corruption into a social attitude, not the current fashion or necessity. The reluctance with the inclusion of all citizens in combating corruption, either through an obligation of notifying them, or even reward such brave acts, postponed a clear and unequivocal measures to suppress it. And as is well known in medicine, if they are a necessary course of treatment delayed the proceedings, will be ineffective for the simple reason that a patient because of the delay may simply - to die. The tendency of the state, doctors and citizens should be more healthy people, and less sick. However, the pursuit of profit institution is different, as more ill, the greater wages. You think that because the system must be based on a non-profit principles. Is the Croatian Health at the crossroads between social and profit, on the wrong path? What is the responsibility of the Ministry of Health? Profit health care institutions live by ill treatment, so their ideal, desired state is actually the opposite of normal, the more sick, full of hospitals and clinics, as many health services and at a higher price.
 We can say that for-profit institutions have, as opposed to public health, negative health goals of the first part of your question is particularly important and it should be further broken down. Although it is often forgotten, it should be noted that the fundamental task of the health system, and thus the doctor, the patient&#39;s health. Ideally, it would be utopian state in which it would not have been sick, in which all citizens were healthy, ambulance and hospital discharges, and the doctors and nurses idle. Health insurance is one of the few who pay for wishing that you never have to use. However, not only for the health system who want to be idle, just as we want and the military, judiciary, police or firefighters. Happy are those countries in which military, police and firefighters bored, justice has nothing to do, and doctors of many diseases, only read in books. As, unfortunately, and you know, unhappy countries in which the army killed on the battlefield, the police have their hands full, fire casualties in the fire, justice is not received solve the accumulated objects, and the doctors burn out from overload.
 The question is what would be the realization of such a positive health goal (the health of all citizens) meant for private (profit) health facilities? Would mean, simply put - the key into the lock. Profit health care institutions live by ill treatment, so their ideal, desired state is actually the opposite of normal, the more sick, full of hospitals and clinics, as many health services and at a higher price. We can say that for-profit institutions have, as opposed to public health, negative health goals. What does this mean for patients? Difficulties arise if the citizens of the two, according to their goals completely antithetical to the system, public and private, and nonprofit and profit - mixed, or worse, if the business logic of private institutions to become business logic and public health. In this case, the patient gets a new role in the health care system: the person to whom it is necessary to provide the best possible care and as soon healed, the patient becomes a source of enrichment.
 We could thorough parsing of the history of health systems, motives that led to their creation, their ways of funding, which values the health systems deal with and insight into their goals, differences in access to health care, ideology and experience of other countries, particularly the United States, easy to prove that not only the only non-profit organization of natural health care system but also one that ensures the highest possible health in the given economic conditions. Unfortunately, despite all this, and despite the experience of the United States, whose profit-organized system, not only immoral, but ineffective-hrlimo we just proved to the bad model. The responsibility for the situation that will occur, future generations will judge. During major crises people are too preoccupied with their own survival that would have the strength and time to think about the public good and health is just one such public good as it will further deepen the financial and economic crisis impact on health in Croatia for? Crises tend to be catastrophic for many public systems, not only because of impoverishment but also because the great crisis also used to be known as the &quot;shock doctrine&quot; privatized systems.
 During major crises people are too preoccupied with their own survival that would have the strength and time to think about the public good and health is just one such public good. Perhaps the current privatization of primary care, which is the process of incalculable consequences for the work of primary care and the operation of the entire system, not just randomly place at the time of the greatest economic crisis that our earthquake. As we see in the media loaded the crisis, the rise in debt, poor recovery of the economy and uncertain future, the privatization of primary care there is no case. Everything runs smoothly, and famous Croatian family medicine disappears without the knowledge and public opinion - almost perfect example of the privatization of the shock doctrine recipe. But on the other hand lead to a crisis they know a clear insight into the difficulties, may lead to the problem. Crises give birth greats inadequate to know the historical challenges and lead to significant positive changes.
 Hopefully it will be similar to happen to our health. Last case that appeared in the media is a case of Bjelovar doctor who asked pigs in exchange for &quot;arrangement&quot; pensions. Pigs are the days of the public entertained. However, material gain is only one form of corruption. They pointed you in the book and a soft corruption that does not mean the realization of direct material benefit, but has different motives, but also deepens inequality in the system. Probably almost every Croatian citizen was in a situation that requires a connection to quickly come on line for a search. How do stop this vicious circle? Sick people are faced with a wait of six months for pulling a search do not understand pulling the connection as corruption because its system did not provide other options. Make sure all services easily accessible, they will disappear and the possibility of blackmail patients. Why it does not happen, why the tenth year we hear about is always the same bottlenecks in the system: radiology, orthopedics, cardiac surgery? There are not projections of development of health systems? The causes are creating waiting lists numerous and include several groups of errors in the system of which the most profitable ways of evaluating the introduction of the system and paying family physicians per capita, but now we stick only to the consequences that this situation creates, or search the pull to as soon as we perform a medical service.
 Corruption which is the basis unavailability of medical services, such as waiting lists, it is very easy to solve. Make sure all services easily accessible, they will disappear and the possibility of blackmail patients. Why it does not happen, why the tenth year we hear about is always the same bottlenecks in the system: radiology, orthopedics, cardiac surgery? Are not there Projection of the health care system? Is it difficult to predict the aging population which will rise to artificial hips or knees or heart surgery? Is it difficult to increase the number of specialization or just install the required expertise from other countries? Of course not. But there&#39;s always a but. During those decades saw a number of private clinics that live just on the basis of the bottlenecks of the public health, or just selling services with a waiting list. Disappear if the bottlenecks in public health will disappear and the earnings of these private institutions.
 What exactly is the impact of these private institutions grown on waiting lists, and how they affect the maintenance of the current situation just ought to be explored. All of the above contributes to the unavailability of medical services. And when one occurs is a big difference in demand compared to the modest possibilities of supply, then open up various possibilities, including the dishonorable behavior to the patient and doctor. If we want to keep patients and their health and prevent unnecessary medication, it is necessary drugs from sources of earnings back into the funds for treatment. The only way to build its health care system pharmaceutical factory, the first time just a generic, which worked on the non-profit principles in the book you turn to the work of Lydia Gajski who wrote the book &quot;Drugs or deception story.&quot; Drug consumption is constantly growing, constantly growing number of diseases, a list of medications CIHI is subject to various lobbies.
 Drugs have long been commodities, although it should be. In that way, Croatia would &quot;odmedikalizirati,&quot; a remedy to return the status of the drug, and not just market a product? You&#39;re very nice to say that the drugs have become commodities and goods to the factories where they earn a vast amount of drugs. Many patients are not even aware that their promotion of medications actually plain, however, highly skilled and sophisticated, but ultimately still just plain marketing. If we want to keep patients and their health and prevent unnecessary medication, it is necessary drugs from sources of earnings back into the funds for treatment. The only way to build its health care system pharmaceutical factory, the first time just a generic, which worked on the non-profit principles. So the drug again and became what it is - a means of treatment. Looking at the effects of health care as the system is simply unacceptable that health care works so no it owns factories which produce a central part of the treatment, the medication.
 Without an independent production of medicines health systems are becoming systems for diagnosing diseases and making recommendations for treatment, but not for the only treatment. Because funding for the treatment of products other systems. By building its own plant medicines gone to all those conditions conducive to corruption in that part of the system, but would also disappear, and the sacrifice public health for profit. Drugs should be prescribed in accordance with the re-medical needs of patients, would be cheap and accessible, and thus would fall away and all those conflicts of interests that profit production of medicines made. Because pointing out the corruption and save themselves, as an employee of CIHI, had a problem. Have you and because of this latest book, met with the kind of pressure or negative reactions? No. I must admit that the writing books I have not had any problems. Perhaps the reason that both books (&quot;Is the Croatian Healthcare System - the system&quot; and &quot;corruption in the Croatian health care&quot;), as well as exceptional books, etc.
 Gajski, &quot;Drugs or a story of deception, completely silenced by official bodies. It seems that the topics that they handle all the power too much irrelevant.
 