About 130 putnka that morning Ryanair flight should take off from Pula to London unexpectedly remained grounded. The reason for the eruption of volcanoes in Iceland because of the huge cloud of dust made it difficult or impossible airline flights to northern Europe. As we explained at the airport in Pula, a danger not only threatens the poor visibility, but also of tiny dust particles that can enter the aircraft engines to extinguish them. Passengers are developments received stoically, although many of them delaying flights indefinitely irreversibly disrupted plans. - We came from Kutina to catch a flight to London and went to a concert by Oliver Dragojevic. We booked the hotel for five days. So we probably lost money, and hopefully at least a refund for the ticket, we were told Sylvia and Tom Srbotnjak Kantolić. In an almost identical situation, the couple from Belgrade, who also planned to travel to Oliver&#39;s concert.
 Musician Peter Curic was supposed to be tomorrow morning to promote his own master. - We&#39;ve been ready for takeoff when the pilot informed that due to the eruption in Iceland we have to stay grounded. The voice was very funny so we thought it was a joke. Yet I would not seek a refund for a ticket, but I was mistaken for some future flights so I could at least receive a diploma, &quot;said percussionist Curic. Nearby was a group of British tourists who were supposed to appear tomorrow on the job, so they wait for a refund for a ticket Kratie agreement with employers. All passengers will have to be in anticipation of starting their own future care of the accommodation. Ash blocked air traffic over northern Europe due to high cloud of ash that rises above the Island after a local volcano eruption stopped all air traffic over northern Europe. Thick, black smoke and ash began to rise into the air Wednesday after a volcano violently boiled under Icelandic glacier.
 - Volcanic ash is a significant threat to aircraft - said in a statement from the British national air control. In England, they closed the three largest London airports, and so is the whole island and even in northern Europe.
 