Open Letter Lj.RW aka Danimir, Holocaust, Holocaust, Holocaust, Holocaust ................................... ............................ &quot;Once the Holocaust seen as part of a much broader history of the II World. War. Today, the II World. war is regarded as the background, and the Holocaust as the main story. &quot;(Michael Berenbaum, director of the Holo-Memorial Museum)&quot; Oh, how wonderful to be a Jew at the end of the twentieth century! We are no longer defendants history, but its darlings. the spirit of the likes of us, honor and protects, watches over our benefit, even they need our imprimatur. Journalists raise relentless indictment of everything that Europe still remains of Nazi collaborators and Nazi-kpt. Churches repent, states do penance. Switzerland does not know what would be .. . &#39;(Alain Finkielkraut, a French-Jewish philosopher) I do not want here, dear colleagues, even in the thoughts to defend Ms. Vedran Rudan, because they both agree in opinion, that the said &quot;one usually Croatian hack&quot;, though in the end, is questionable and the adjective, because the same izvoljela write about Catholics and the Catholic Church is worse than the Jews.
 Nu, how are you, you, my dear fellow, courage to write her a letter, encourage and unprovoked račenicom that I also once quoted, but for diametrically opposite reasons of her, I decided to write down your opinion in the form of comments. In his diary you, dear colleagues, on several occasions gave a hint to observe and evaluate the difference between Jews and Israel, it is necessary, it did not substantiate the elaboration. The fact is, as I see it, that this difference is actually real and only truth. I, my dear fellow, strictly separates Judaism and Zionism, not anti-Judaizers, but I am passionate anti-Zionist, I am particularly militant opponent of the Zionist movement, which is now in power in Israel, it would have taken-and you should be intellective . As the founder of Zionism, Theodor Herzl once said: &quot;Do not run into silliness when I die.&quot; So I am quite sure, that some did not listen.
 It is not here, colleagues, about what Jews were before and after the Holocaust, but it is a distorted inversion of faith and sacred writings Sanherdina, Kerithutha and / or Jedhamotha. The students beat the teachers in the interpretation of the faith in his favor, and by common sense. I think that no one normal would not claim that the Holocaust was not, nor diminish its scale, but equally, if we want to be objective, then we need to appreciate every sacrifice, regardless of religion, origin or race, do not you think as you, dear colleagues . For me, all victims are equal, including the Palestinian and any other, even when the butcher says &quot;the blame&quot; for their fate. This raises the logical question, my dear fellow, why do you as a Jew, but as a citizen of the Croatian state (defender, indeed, as you have repeatedly emphasized izvoljeli), have not reacted to the headlines and the Israeli press, which are spread in several anti-Croatian atmosphere, not because Croatia still seems possible, but due to the events of more than 60 years and over.
 Then you did not occurred to me that, as a Jew and a Croatian citizen, protect your country and write a letter in her defense, if by nothing else works, and what about the future? Not guilty of the Croatian people to write their &quot;scribblers&quot; and not collectively guilty today because of political adventurism of some of its members from more than 60 years and over. As a Jew, do not let someone unreasonably applies against your people, so you should not let anyone tarnish the country today, which, I hope, consider their homeland, although to date there are no objective reasons. I am convinced that you agree, write to the Croats, as a genocidal nation in the Israeli press, the objective falls within the realm of stupidity, lies, and banaliziranja labeling, about the same level at which a declaration of Israel as the militant fascists of the Middle East. Hello, Molotov PS (linked to the Soros and Bin Laden, I agree with you that the pears and apples can not be mixed, although I warn you, that is, in principle, the two differ only in technique, because Soros methods, as well as its great philanthropist, and just not convinced.
 For Bin Laden will say only this: For someone on the worst terrorist, but at the same time, for someone else, freedom fighter, a thin line, and the human inclination is very strange.)
 