From the world on Monday arrived sharp reaction to the Israeli army attack on the international fleet that was carrying humanitarian aid to the Gaza Strip, in which, according to latest figures, 19 people were killed, and the UN is due to the Israeli commando attack in the afternoon called for an extraordinary session, agencies report . The Vatican has expressed &quot;great pain&quot; over the death of civilians in an Israeli military attack. It is, says the Vatican, the &quot;unnecessary loss of human life.&quot; &quot;As you know, the Holy See has always opposed the use of force, from any side, because it only complicates the search for peaceful solutions are the only long-term impact,&quot; said Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi. The U.S. government is reluctantly said it &quot;deeply regrets the loss of lives and wounded.&quot; White House spokesman Bill Burton said that officials seek to clarify the circumstances that caused the tragedy. Russia is satisfied that &quot;the use of weapons against civilians and the interception of ships without legitimate reasons, a serious violation of international law&quot;.
 Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas said it was a &quot;massacre&quot;. Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Haris Silajdzic, has strongly condemned this morning Israeli naval attack on a convoy of six ships carrying 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid from Turkey to the Gaza Strip, which killed 19 people. Silajdzic called for an urgent investigation into this Israeli military assault, stressing that the perpetrators of this crime and their order must bear full criminal responsibility in accordance with international humanitarian law. French President Nicolas Sarkozy condemned the &quot;disproportionate use of force,&quot; Israeli commandos and expressed condolences to the families of the victims. Also, as AFP reports, asked to &quot;shed light on all the circumstances of this tragic event, which warns that urgent need to start the peace process.&quot; Meanwhile the French foreign ministry called on the Israeli ambassador Daniel Shek to explain the facts related to a deadly commando campaign on the international fleet.
 The Norwegian government said it was &quot;shocked by military attacks on civilian activists, saying it&quot; completely unacceptable &quot;. Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg was transferred DPA requested launch an &quot;independent international investigation&quot;. And the Portuguese government condemnation of attacks after the call to &quot;immediate implementation of unbiased investigation.&quot; Lisbon reiterated deep concern over the humanitarian situation in Gaza and called for full implementation of resolution 1860 UN Security Council and respect for international humanitarian law. Austrian Foreign Minister Michael Spindelegger called the Israeli ambassador that &quot;promptly furnish an explanation of the Israeli attack on the ship&#39;s humanitarian convoy to Gaza.&quot; According to yet another unconfirmed information, it is possible that among the civilian activists, international humanitarian convoys and a handful of Austrians. The Netherlands government also announced it would seek an explanation of the reasons for the Israeli ambassador attacks on convoys, and will do the same and Belgium.
 Pakistan has said that the attack was &quot;cruel and inhuman&quot; and &quot;flagrant violation of international law and international standards.&quot; He also expressed concern for three of its citizens - a humanitarian worker and two journalists. Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini expressed his regret over the killing of civilians, and unfortunately due to the loss of human life, &quot;said he and British Foreign Secretary William Hague. Iran has called on countries around the world to break all ties with Israel because of the liquidation of humanitarian activists. &quot;The smallest step that the international community should take in connection with this horrific act of the Zionist regime is that it fully and completely stop boycotting the diplomatic, economic and political ties with the Zionist regime,&quot; said Iran&#39;s Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi. Egypt has also condemned the &quot;killing&quot; of civilians, and recalled the dangers of &quot;illegitimate Israeli blockade of Gaza.&quot;
 Jordan has said that this is &quot;a heinous crime without justification.&quot; Turkey has postponed the planned military exercises with Israel, and Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan will shorten his official visit to Latin America. &quot;Israel will have to endure the consequences of such behavior,&quot; the Turkish Foreign Ministry. The international fleet, which was transporting the hundredth propalestisnkih activists and help Gaza sailed toward the Palestinian territories on Sunday afternoon, a convoy organized propalestinske groups and Turkish human rights organizations. Turkey has demanded from Israel a free pass by saying that the ships carrying 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid. Israel warned on Saturday that the ship will not be you wanted to go back, review and refer to the Israeli port of Ashdod, south of Tel Aviv, and then bring the activists on board and deport them. Tokko evening, three Israeli gunboats with rocket launchers class &quot;saar&quot; left the port of Haifa to intercept the ships, told reporters at one of the boats.
 