- Fishing Queen Turopolja Lake Vukovina &quot;Here&#39;s a brief description of the real royal water; Based on the glorious history of society Žrd (1894.) Is even today in the forefront concerning the application of the latest European aspirations in the sport fishing. That is undoubtedly the first in Croatia is year 2001. The fishing had made the economic basis for the lake &quot;Old-Čiče-Vukovina&quot; which masters the principles of the European avant-garde and world fishing &quot;catch-release&quot;. The basis of the Žrd made and donated by experts in the Department of Fisheries, Beekeeping and Special Zoology, Faculty of Agriculture University of Zagreb. With regard to the accepted system of &quot;catch-release&quot; caught fish after weighing and photographing unharmed back into the water. How are caught fish back into the same water in which he caught, but so far established fishing stocks measured results. All were caught fish after weighing and photographing with maximum care and use appropriate equipment that is not further injured, returned to the lake.
 This avant-garde approach to fisheries and contributes to increasing interest, both domestic and foreign fishermen, to stay on the lake. - &quot;Šumbar&quot; Karlovac most attractive water in the vicinity of Karlovac and beyond; Šumbar lakes are located about 10 km northeast of Karlovac and consists of 3 lakes, the total area of 25 ha. It is the largest Great Lake (650 x 300 m) with a water depth 1-12 m, and the old 30-odd years. Right bajer size is 500 x 100m, water depth 1-7 m, age 20-odd years. Eco-Lake and Commercial Bajer Bajer oldest, dating from the 50-ies 20.st, measuring 100 x 200 m, depth 3-4 m.Ribički home opened recently, and there on call day and night game-keeper who care for all What happens to jezerima.Veliko lake forms an irregular rectangle of approximately 300 x 400 meters, with several large bays, islands and islets. Its depth varies from 1 to 7 meters, a bottom is filled with rests of trees and branches that once grew on the bottom.
 The water was greenish, and clarity varies depending on the season and temperature. It is around thirty years, and the carp, grass carp, catfish, pike, perch, rich in white fish. It can catch the day and year&#39;s license from SFC &quot;Koran&quot;. On arrival at the fishing to contact a volunteer guard, where you can choose and announce the place. It is allowed to come to the water car, night fishing and fishing with three fishing accessories. All carps and amurs regardless of the size and the mandatory use of guardian must be released. Hunting other species is allowed in the amount and extent required by the Ministry and the club. In addition to the water during fishing allowed to camp, but it is forbidden making fire, waste disposal or destruction of vegetation. It is also forbidden to enter the water for feeding, or anything else related to fishing.
 When leaving the water you must log in to make a game-keeper volunteer, sign up and show the fish and the need to allow inspection of vehicles. Right lake is about 500 long and about a hundred yards wide. Its depth ranges from 1 meter along the coast to 6 - 7 feet in the middle. The bottom is clayey, uneven and full of submerged trees that once grew from its bottom. It is around twenty years, and has all the fish species as the Great Lake. Fishing is the same regime as the Great Lake, except as permitted removal of small carp and grass carp in compliance with the measures, closed seasons and allowable daily catch of fish. Carps and amurs bigger than 8 pounds must be returned unharmed in Veliki Bajer. Eco lake has an irregular rectangular shape, about a hundred meters in width and 200 meters in length. Its depth is uniform, about 3.5 - 4 meters. The bottom is clay, covered with mud. Lake is the oldest, dates from the fifties.
 It is rich in carps and amurs and converted into a commercial fishery .- &quot;Zajarki&quot; Zapresic realm of big carp, the Company was founded in 1958. year. Since then, it gradually evolved so that today ranks among the most powerful sport-fishing clubs in the Republic of Croatia. Selfless work and dedication of a small number of enthusiasts in the completed construction of fishing home with old Šoderica Zajarki. They take pride in what house fishing boasts a small number of sports associations. Fishing rights in the fishery for the Sava fishing zone within the administrative boundaries of Zaprešića and municipalities Marija Gorica Ideally, Dubravica, Jakovlje, Luke and clear. Given its proximity to the metropolis, excellent transport links and the fact that the active and relaxing holiday in the nature of human needs, sport fishing, except in sports and recreation, is a significant potential of this area in terms of tourism. - &quot;Cancer&quot; Rakitje Zagreb king of modern fishing in the very heart of Zagreb, on the initiative of a few sport fishermen Rakitje (Zlatko Novačića, John and John Vrčković Mihina) on 05.06.1993.
 in the premises MZ RAKITJE held Constituent Assembly which was attended by 79 fishing enthusiasts and friends of nature. The Assembly elected the initiative committee of 20 members who had the task of founding an organization to implement the Company&#39;s register under the name ŠRD &quot;CRA&quot; RAKITJE. Parallel with this has started construction of fishing home with a great contribution and commitment of the then president Slavko Palameta. The construction of fishing home participated in their own work or material 127 citizens and 18 companies. On 01.01.1994. The Company has already started working in the building interesting fishing domu.ŠRD &quot;cancer&quot; had 1642 members-fishing on the end of 2000. The counts with 814 members. The Company manages 250 hectares of water area of lakes in Rakitje. Every year a restocking the lakes and in addition it is important to mention the fact that the Company with a minimum of 60% of the funds collected from membership fees allocated to the fund for buying fish.
 2,001th year introduced a new way of fishing on the lake &quot;Juš&quot; located near the fishing home, the world&#39;s called &quot;Catch and Release&quot;, a catch &amp; release. thus the Company applied the European and world sports fishing regulations at the level of our country. ŠRD &quot;CRA&quot; achieved successful results in competitive fishing events and in more categories. Currently, there are senior and junior, and team cadets. Society organizes numerous events in their waters as a school of small fishermen in the countryside, lecturing on the subject of sport fishing and environmental protection. Members of the &quot;CRA&quot; invest maximum efforts in protecting, preserving and arranging the shore and water lakes, which are considered the most important tasks in the future, because only such a mode can preserve natural beauty. - &quot;Savic&quot; Zagreb corner of untouched nature in the city center, the Company was founded in 28th 12th 1976th
 in Zagreb, under the name Association of SFC &quot;Pešćenica (USR&quot; Pešćenica &quot;). The Company was formed by separating from the Zagreb Sports Fishing Association under which they all belonged to former anglers who did not have a parent company. (Any municipality that has had its water had the right to form their own company). As a registered society began to separate the money from membership fees for restocking and conservation of water društva.Novci arrived from municipalities and from Zagreb Sports Fishing društva.USR Pešćenica of each The defined work plan, schedule of competitions and financial plan and, together with many members becoming the second largest company in Croatia.
 