A reversal of the pope and the Catholic Church regarding the use of condoms &quot;justified in some cases,&quot; confusing the faithful, and even the Vatican is obviously not all clear. Controversy will certainly increase the circulation of the book Light of the World, which was released on Tuesday, in which the pope explains his revolutionary (?) Attitudes, but whether they will be solved not so sure. Namely, the Vatican newspaper L&#39;Osservatore Romano, which was published Saturday in the church for a revolutionary idea, that the pope said that in some cases with male prostitutes use condoms step toward responsible reduction of risk of infection, &quot;writes New York Times. Today, however, the Vatican draws arguing that the Pope approves only the German version of a book explaining his views, and that the Italian translation must be accurate, particularly in the section with a male prostitute. Some bishops are angry because the Pope was against the teachings of the Church.
 So the Vatican immediately after its publication in L&#39;Osservatoreu Romano contextualize the pope&#39;s words, pointing out that the pope does not give up the attitude of the Church that contraception should remain banned or that the use of condoms is justified, although the Vatican newspaper used the phrase of Benedict XVI to use condoms - &quot;justified in some cases! Well then announced a spokesman for the Papal States, Federico Lombardi, who again said that the statements of Benedict XVI &quot;unprecedented&quot; and that such a thing &quot;never came out of the papal mouth, and then he said that&quot; not a revolutionary twist &quot; . Concerns should be resolved just book an interview with the Pope, written by German journalist Peter Seewald, in which the pope should explain how the Church looks to condoms, especially those that used male prostitutes, or gigolo. But, will it really answer questions such as: how to watch the Pope&#39;s statements when they are contradictory, as well as statements of his colleagues in the papal state? To listen only to the pope when his advice contrary to Church teaching? And what the Pope actually thinks? In fact, Africa is considered a fundamental reason for this reversal.
 Many African church officials urged the Vatican to approve condoms as a means of combating AIDS, but to Benedict, for example, a year ago did not change. When you visit the Black continent last year said that &quot;condoms can exacerbate the spread of AIDS, which can be prevented only restraint and responsibility&quot;. Today it is justified, although in a book that has received publicity in the unthinkable on Saturday said that condoms &quot;are not really any moral decision of the AIDS epidemic&quot; and that the solution can &quot;lie only in the humanization of sexuality.&quot; Thesis on male prostitutes following the addition - it is possible that in individual cases, when a male prostitute use condoms, this is the first step in the direction of the moralization and taking responsibility &quot;- of course, many people still not clear, nor what the Church and the Pope at all want to achieve. Is it possible that Benedict XVI decided to take a break from headlines about pedophilia, and is thus partly contradictory and loose attitude toward the Church&#39;s another topic for which it is condemned? Or are vague and difficult to sell more books? Related Articles: The Pope is coming to Croatia 4th
 and 5 June (11.17.2010.) Pope Benedict XVI decided to investigate Medjugorje (17.03.2010.) Kosor empowered by the Pope went to the new challenges (13.03.2010.) Pope&#39;s visit could cost us 6 million euros (22.03.2010.) Danas.hr 23.11.2010.
 