New British Prime Minister, Conservative David Cameron and his deputy, Liberal Democrat Nick Clegg, opened a new political era in Britain. Coalitions are very rare in this country whose people want a clear election winner. But as this did not happen, after five days of intense negotiations, is the Liberal Democrats Conservatives, Labour Party is defeated, no doubt, the Conservative Party has offered over this small, perennially third party. Cameron (left) and Clegg / AFP PHOTO I still do not know all the details of Cameron&#39;s future cabinet. British television has already surveyed the country inquiring with activists and supporters of both parties about how they will work together. The answers given were very cautious and often skeptical. These two parties are far on the political spectrum, and now the question is how long it will sustain this coalition. In any case, both parties enter into this partnership without illusions.
 In Cameron&#39;s cabinet will be, along with Clegg, four Liberal Democrats, which causes dissatisfaction among conservatives, who think that too, but it was a bid to support Cameronovoj government. Looking back, attempts to form a government between the defeated Labour and the Liberal Democrats, was doomed to fail - the British would not have suffered long that they are two electoral losers. In addition to Cameron, the second most important conservative will be George Osborne, who will have a place to the Minister of economy in other countries. Osborne is a 38-year-old rich man, a good friend of Cameron&#39;s, but very obnoxious to the public. Minister of Foreign Affairs will be the 50-year-old William Hague. It is believed that, due to some personal choice in a team that already leads William Hague, the team will be more interested in the question of the Western Balkans than the last. The British public thinks that the most cutting state debt, which rose to 80 percent of GDP.
 The Conservatives have announced a cut, but also raising taxes, but only where this will not affect business. The Liberal Democrats agreed with the Conservatives to introduce a threshold on immigration from non-EU, and have given up on radical changes to election law (which would introduce proportional representation), and is expected to be Cameron&#39;s attitude towards the European Union, under the the influence of Nick Clegg, to soften.
 