Near the South Korean island Yeonpyeonga, who shelled Pyongyang on Tuesday, yesterday again heard the detonation. A spokesman for South Korea&#39;s Defence Ministry said the explosions coming from North Korea, and that is probably a topničkoj exercises in the South Sea. Residents Yeonpyeonga issued an order to go into shelters. Airport danger lasted 40-minutes. The island was then left 20 of a total of 1700 inhabitants. South Korean Defense Minister urged the journalists to withdraw from the island because it can not vouch for their safety. Deployed missiles Island is located near the disputed sea border between the two Koreas, west of the peninsula. South Korea, together with the United States yesterday, began military exercises near Yeonpyeonga involving the nuclear aircraft carrier USS George Washington. North Korea then announced it would, if they violated its territorial waters, to answer &#39;ruthless military counter-offensive&#39;.
 North Korea has deployed surface-to-surface missile in the yellow sea, reported news agency Jonhap. South Korean officials of the Ministry of Defense and Joint Staff could not comment on the report Jonhapa. &quot;It is impossible to confirm this report because it is a military secret,&quot; said the unnamed official. North Korean news agency KCNA announced reprisals if one violates its territory. &quot;The scheduled will be a tremendous blow to the military at any provocation that undermines our territorial waters,&quot; KCNA reported. South Korea&#39;s defense minister said that at this stage can not predict what would be North Korea could provoke, justifying the military exercise which is underway. Although a large number of peace activists call for restraint on both of Korea, U.S. battle ships and armies from the north or south of enhancing its presence on the border. Most of the population is therefore already decided to leave the buffer zone to shelter in one of the Cold shelters.
 China seeks meeting of tension between North and South Korea increase joint military exercises of U.S. and South Korean military forces, and all after this week took an armed conflict between the two Koreas. North Korea has already announced that they will not tolerate the entry of U.S. aircraft carriers in the Yellow Sea. China was then called the emergency meeting to calm tensions. Requires that the six countries involved in negotiations on nuclear disarmament of North Korea (North and South Korea, the United States, China, Japan and Russia) meeting in December. South Korea quickly responded by saying that it is not interested in the formal resumption of negotiations that began in April last year. Some analysts believe that North Korea initiated attacks in order to strengthen its bargaining position with regard to the fact that South Korea and the U.S. have said they will not resume negotiations until North Korea decides to stop its nuclear program.
 Remember, North Korea attacked the South in the middle of the South Korean military exercises. After warning that the practice must stop, North Korea has fired artillery into the open sea missiles. After a barrage from the north, the South Korean army fired a few missiles of their own artillery in the opposite direction. Aircraft carrier with nuclear weapons, the American aircraft carrier USS George Washington, with nuclear weapons, with 75 combat aircraft and a crew of about 6000 people participated in the drills. Aircraft carrier will join at least one of four American warships, &quot;said an unnamed U.S. military source agencies. South Korea has dispatched three destroyers, frigates and aircraft for anti-submarine operations, the agency said Jonhap. The commander of naval forces in South Korea said it will be followed by ten times stronger retaliation for the attack North Korea in which they killed two soldiers and two civilians.
 North Korea expressed regret over any civilian casualties, accusing South Korea to set up a human shield. Author: I. Maric
 