&quot;Our options have limitations and apply to the entire planet,&quot; said the Iranian president about Tehran&#39;s possible reaction to the attack, &quot;I think some are thinking about an attack on Iran, especially in Israel, but they know that Iran has the indestructible ramparts and their American masters they do not allow, &quot;Ahmadinejad stated that&quot; they know that the Iranian storm was strong and painful. &quot; As an illustration of that, Iran yesterday test another ballistic missile tactical surface-to-earth Qiam (cover photo), which has not released the final scope, but in the arsenal have already had missiles that claim they can reach Israel. As they praised Iranian experts, the rocket is quite obviously on the radar, not any wings, as it ensures greater speed and becomes more difficult target for antibalsitičke missiles, some of Washington&#39;s recently commissioned Kuwait. Iranian state television released footage in which Iranian and Russian nuclear experts put the first nuclear fuel rods to Iran&#39;s first power plant in Bushehr nukealrnoj, the first step in its commissioning.
 Nuclear power plant was started back in the home Pahlavijevog regime with the help of Siemens, after a long pause it was completed by experts from the Russian Rosatoma. Nuclear power will take a few mjjeseci test work before it is put into operation and to develop full strength. In the next two weeks, the reactor will be placed 163 bars with a total of 80 tons of nuclear fuel. However, the part of Iran&#39;s Bushehr civilian nuclear program, which the West believe is closely connected with the military program, or project to create an atomic bomb, because Iran still refuses to control the International Atomic Energy Agency over its uranium enrichment program. In Israel, because the government increasing nervousness, and Atlantic Monthly published an analysis geopolilitčku which claims that, even if the U.S. does not preventively attack Iran, it certainly make Israel. Several days earlier, Barack Obama&#39;s key advisers are publicly before cameras confirmed that the U.S. plans to attack Iran already exist.
 For years, however, said that Israel will not allow even complete the construction of a nuclear power plant in Bushehr. From Moscow razuvjeravaju, noting that the spent nuclear fuel from Bushehr, which could possibly be used in making nuclear bombs, again returning to Russia. Gary Samora, consultant to nuclear energy, President Obama, tried to present Israel&#39;s declaration to reduce the anxiety that the process of converting nuclear material to the operating arms lasted at least 12 months. How Samora time calmed the spirits, it is very doubtful, but this is definitely a set time frame in which they might expect an attack on Iranian nuclear facilities. An additional problem is that Iran is its nuclear installations, meanwhile, multiplied, and well protected (supposedly in the vicinity of the human shields), so it is doubtful whether surgical attacks brought the expected target, and the possibility of invasion of Iran is certainly time gaining weight.
 